Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2659 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 2015 No. 64 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
April 30, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable E ARL L. 
CARTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
IT IS TIME TO STOP STALLING ON 
THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, on 
May 31, a looming deadline, the high-way trust fund extension expires. I ac-tually could have dusted off the speech I gave last summer, arguing against this ill-advised measure to slide it into this spring. 
As I pointed out then, we will be 
right back in the same spot. We will be stuck. We won’t have a long-term pro-posal. We won’t have a short-term pro-
posal. We will look at another exten-sion. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to stop 
the stalling. Everyone ought to make a commitment that this will be the last extension that we take before we give America what it needs, a robust 6-year reauthorization of the critical highway trust fund. 
Please focus on making sure this 
does not slide beyond the end of this Federal fiscal year because Congress doesn’t act absent some sort of dead-line, and do instead what we do best: stall, study, and sidestep. 
If we would actually start working 
now, the 5 months until the expiration of this Federal fiscal year, we can actu-ally give the people legislation they de-serve. It is not that hard; except if you never start, if you don’t know how big the program is going to be, if you don’t get down to business, it is difficult. 
Now, I hear that the simplest ap-
proach, the most direct approach—rais-ing the gas tax for the first time in 22 years—is somehow too hard, too dif-ficult for Congress. It has been pro-nounced dead on arrival. It is off the table, according to our distinguished majority leader and the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Why exactly is it off the table? Why 
is this too hard for Congress? If it was good enough for Dwight Eisenhower to start the Interstate Highway System, if it was good enough for Ronald Reagan to call Congress to come back during his Thanksgiving Day speech, November 29, 1982, to more than double the gas tax, if it is good enough for 19 States—including, this year, five Re-publican States—to raise the gas tax, why is it too hard for us? Maybe it is because we have never given the people who care deeply about this a chance to make their case. 
The Republicans have been in charge 
for 52 months. We have not had a single hearing on Ways and Means on trans-portation finance. What if we allowed 
the Chamber of Commerce, the AFL– CIO, the American Trucking Associa-tion, contractors, local governments, engineers, environmentalists, mayors to come in and make the case why they support raising the gas tax? 
Maybe if Congress did its job, if it lis-
tened to the people, if it allowed the broadest coalition you have seen on Capitol Hill on any major idea to come in, take a couple days, work with Con-gress, explain the issues, dive into the details, actually show politicians that even the public supports it, maybe we could do our job, maybe we could have a 6-year reauthorization, maybe we 
could put hundreds of thousands of peo-ple to work at family-wage jobs all across America, making our families safer, healthier, and more economi-cally secure. 
Deadline, September 30—get down to 
work; have some hearings; do our job; produce the bill, and America will be better off. 
f 
SALUTING LAW ENFORCEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss a matter that is, frankly, getting out of hand. It is more than a matter; it is a problem. This is a problem that has expanded beyond the borders of individual American cit-ies and into the international spot-light. It is a problem that is no longer a localized issue, but a national one that is spiraling out of control. 
This week, we watched in horror as 
Baltimore burned. We watched in dis-gust as lowlifes destroyed their own communities as local government help-lessly stood by. We watched in anger that some could even think to justify this sort of behavior. I applaud Presi-dent Obama for calling those respon-sible for the destruction who they real-ly are, criminals and thugs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.000 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2660 April 30, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, everyone has the right 
to participate in peaceful demonstra-tions, and I thank and respect those in Baltimore who exercised their con-stitutionally granted right, but, when the actions of a few infringe on the rights of others, we have a problem. When the actions of a few violent pro-testers dominate the 24-hour news cycle, it takes away from the impor-tance of the message, and it tears apart already fragile communities. 
When businesses are trashed, those 
responsible must be brought to justice. When a national chain pharmacy is set aflame, we ask if they will ever risk doing business in that community ever again. 
As a businessowner, I can tell you, 
Mr. Speaker, it would take a whole lot of convincing to get me to invest my sweat, energy, and treasure in a city that has demonstrated the type of law-lessness we have seen in recent days, and that is a tragedy. It is a tragedy because these communities so des-perately need structure, stability, sup-port, and jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, it is law enforcement 
that will help reassure businesses that they will be able to safely operate in these communities. It is law enforce-ment that will reduce the risk that is currently holding back job creators from setting up shop. Mr. Speaker, communities must have law and order to succeed and prosper. I applaud those in law enforcement who have worked so hard to ensure that. 
In God we trust. 
f 
PUT A WOMAN ON THE TWENTY 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, what 
would it be like if the Chamber and this government reflected the diversity of the American people? There would be a lot more portraits of women alongside all the portraits of com-mittee chairmen of the past decades. 
In 2015, it wouldn’t be newsworthy 
when a competent, intelligent person who happens to be African American is hired for a job for which she is su-premely qualified, which happened this week when Loretta Lynch was sworn in as our 83rd Attorney General. We wouldn’t still be talking about unequal pay for equal work. 
I believe that, if there is a country 
that truly believes in equality, that it is time to put our money where our mouths are, literally, and express that sense of justice on the most widely used currency in international trans-action. 
Last week, I introduced the Put a 
Woman on the Twenty Act to build on the grassroots campaign known as Women on 20s, working to bring gender equality to our currency. Their public campaign has garnered more than half a million votes in support of putting a woman on a $20 bill. I loved the idea, and it was brought to me by a smart, 
young woman on my staff, Kate John-son. To me, this isn’t just a women’s issue; it is an American issue. 
My bill simply directs the Secretary 
of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to solicit recommendations from the public for a woman to be placed on the $20 bill. Women have in-spired generations of Americans for their courage by challenging this Na-tion to protect the civil rights of all Americans. 
Women have advocated for voting 
rights and equal protection under the law and for programs that serve the most vulnerable members of our com-munities. Women led us out of slavery on the Underground Railroad, taught us what the phrase ‘‘all men are cre-ated equal’’ really means by fighting for women’s suffrage and civil rights and have led in all sectors in society. 
When I go to the bank, when I use an 
ATM, when I travel overseas, the $20 bill is already widely used and in the purses and wallets of hundreds of mil-lions of Americans. We all know that the almighty dollar speaks; but what if it had a woman’s voice? 
Consider for a moment the powerful 
message that would be sent to a young girl in Chicago if she saw a portrait celebrating Rosa Parks or Harriet Tub-man when she reached into her wallet to make a purchase. What about the young man in a country far away who maybe is still hearing damaging mes-sages about the role of women in his country? 
The portrait of Wilma Mankiller or 
Eleanor Roosevelt on the United States bill that represents power and success to him provides a new opportunity to show our common values about equal-ity and inclusion in faraway places. 
The organization Women on 20s has 
put forward four exceptional female leaders for this honor: Rosa Parks, Wilma Mankiller, Harriet Tubman, and Eleanor Roosevelt. That is a great list, but there is no reason to stop there. The initiative has sparked conversa-tions about the many great women who have contributed in significant ways to strengthening our Nation. 
I have certainly benefited from the 
passionate advocacy of women who have fought for civil rights and equal-ity, as have my daughters and con-stituents in Chicago, many of whom are debating and weighing in on the candidates for this incredible honor. 
Roosevelt University in Chicago has 
launched a campuswide campaign to champion Eleanor Roosevelt for the honor and not just because they were named after her. As a result of the campaign, students are participating in a national dialogue about her work ad-vocating for child labor laws to protect kids and all workers from unsafe condi-tions and long hours, for gender equal-ity, and safe housing. 
Now, I don’t know who will be cho-
sen. She could be one of the women suggested already or any one of many other talented, impressive women in our country’s history. My mother, who 
is an amazing woman, would probably get my personal vote, but she is out of the running because, thankfully, she is still alive. 
I believe the time has come to have 
our currency represent the contribu-tions of women throughout our history. A woman’s place is in the boardroom, chairing the committee, in the labora-tory, in the Oval Office, and, yes, even on our currency. 
f 
b1015 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, it is 
said that, when the plan for the an-cient city of Alexandria was presented to the great Alexander, his master builder pointed with pride to an inge-nious way to honor the city’s name-sake. All of the city’s water supply would be channeled to one great cen-tral fountain featuring a giant statue of Alexander and then flow from it to the surrounding city. 
When Alexander seemed unimpressed, 
his architect explained the symbolism. Water, the life’s blood of the city, would flow from Alexander to Alexan-dria. Alexander replied, ‘‘But water is not the life’s blood of a city. Commerce is the life’s blood of a city.’’ The statue of Alexander was placed, instead, at the entrance to the port. 
As it is with city-states, it is with 
nation-states. Every nation that en-gages in trade prospers from it; every nation that fails to trade, fails to pros-per. 
Today, international trade agree-
ments are the means by which nations establish the terms of their commerce. This often requires intricate negotia-tions with trading partners, and our trading partners must be confident that the United States is bargaining in good faith and that what is decided at the bargaining table will not be re-voked or redefined later at a congres-sional table. 
The Constitution gives Congress the 
authority to regulate commerce with other nations. Congress, thus, has the final say over any trade agreement, but trading partners have to have con-fidence that, once the agreement has been reached, it represents the last best offer of both sides, a meeting of the minds that won’t be repeatedly al-tered after the fact. 
That is why, since the 1930s, Congress 
has chosen to exercise its responsi-bility by establishing the broad terms of the agreement that it seeks and then giving explicit instructions to our ne-gotiators at the beginning of the proc-ess. If—and only if—these objectives are advanced in the agreement, Con-gress will then consider it as a whole package and either approve it or reject it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.003 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2661 April 30, 2015 
That process is called trade pro-
motion authority. It stood the test of time. It has been used to the great ben-efit of our Nation in the past and has never been controversial until now. 
From the left, opposition comes from 
protectionist special interests. They fail to learn from the painful lessons of history. Protectionism is the fastest way to destroy an economy, as this Na-tion has learned repeatedly, including during the Jefferson administration and, again, in the Hoover administra-tion. 
From the right, opposition comes 
from a mistrust of this President’s judgment and competence, a mistrust I completely and unequivocally share. It is precisely because of this mistrust that the trade promotion authority sets forth some 150 objectives that must be advanced before Congress will even consider the resulting agreement. Once those objectives are attained, a majority of the Congress must still ap-prove it. 
This measure does not empower the 
President to do his own thing; it binds the President to faithfully execute the will of Congress. Trade promotion au-thority simply continues a time-proven process through which Congress exer-cises its authority to regulate com-merce at the beginning of negotiations so trading partners can have a reason-able expectation that their painstaking negotiations, compromises, and conces-sions won’t be ripped asunder and re-opened when Congress acts. 
Indeed, the successful Base Closure 
and Realignment Commission process worked on exactly the same principle. 
Let me repeat, this gives the Presi-
dent no new authority. It binds him to Congress’ will at the outset of negotia-tions and promises only that, if the ob-jectives set by Congress are advanced, will the Congress agree, not necessarily to approve the agreement, but simply to vote on it without opening new issues or causing unnecessary delays. 
The statue at one of our greatest 
ports is not of a person, but of an ideal, liberty. It is freedom that produces prosperity, the free exchange of goods between people for their mutual better-ment—the greater the freedom, the greater the prosperity. Trade pro-motion authority is the means by which this freedom is advanced among nations. 
Mr. Speaker, freedom works. It is 
time that we put it back to work. 
f 
ASSISTANCE FOR THE PEOPLE OF 
NEPAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I, along with a good many of my colleagues, are on a mission of mercy. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a circumstance 
that has impacted the people of Nepal. A 7.8 magnitude earthquake has hit this country. It happened on April 25. More than 5,000 people have lost their lives; 10,000 have been injured; 2.8 mil-
lion people are displaced, and 8 million people have been affected. Four Ameri-cans are confirmed dead. 
There is a little bit of good news. The 
United States of America has com-mitted $12.5 million in relief for the country of Nepal, but that is not enough. I believe we can do more be-cause $415 million will be needed for humanitarian purposes alone, Mr. Speaker. 
I am proud to say that a good many 
organizations are pitching in. One such organization is in my district in Hous-ton, Texas, the Nepalese Association of Houston. The chairperson and presi-dent of that association, Mr. Ghimirey, has called a meeting; and I was hon-ored to be in attendance, along with the secretary Mr. Nepal, and about 100 or more other people. 
They are doing what they can to 
make sure they do their share to help in this time of need, and I want you to know that we in the Congress want to make sure that we do our share to help in this time of need. 
Yesterday, we heard from the Prime 
Minister of Japan. One of the things that he said that stuck in my mind is that America provides hope for the world. America is emblematic of hope for people who are hopeless, help for those who are helpless. 
America is always there for the rest 
of the world. We cannot allow this situ-ation to become anything less than what America has always been for the rest of the world. 
To have the hope that they need, 
help has to be on the way. There has to be the help that can engender the hope that people so desperately need. To give them the hope they need, there is a bill that we have filed in the Con-gress of the United States of America, H.R. 2033. 
This bill provides temporary pro-
tected status for the people of Nepal who happen to be in the United States of America under a legal status. If they are here legally, they will be allowed to stay for an additional 18 months. They won’t be sent back to harm’s way in a time of crisis. 
This is what America can do. This is 
to provide hope. By providing help and allowing those people to stay in this country, they can continue to work. They can continue to send money home. We have found from our research that $248 million in remittances were sent to Nepal in 2014. That is $248 mil-lion. 
We need to allow the Nepalese people 
to continue to work in this country and send that money back to their countrymen and women. America can do this. This is not a heavy lift. This is not immigration reform. This is some-thing that we have done before. 
We did it in 1998, under the Clinton 
administration, for the people of Montserrat after the volcanic eruption. We did it in 1998, under the Clinton ad-ministration, for the people of Hon-duras and Nicaragua after the hurri-cane. We did it in 2001, under the Bush 
administration, for the people of El Salvador after two earthquakes. We did it in 2010, under the Obama administra-tion, for the people of Haiti after a 7.0 magnitude earthquake. We can do it for the people of Nepal. 
This is not a heavy lift. It does not 
give anyone any kind of permanent im-migration status. It does not change the law as it relates to immigration. It only says we will do what we can to help people acquire the hope that they need by allowing people here to con-tinue to work, send money back to their home country, and not put them back there in harm’s way, having to live in the circumstances that might be detrimental to them. 
The United States has sent in many 
relief teams. These relief teams are bringing with them some temporary housing, which is important; this is im-portant, but the real hope that we can help provide would be to pass H.R. 2033, so that people who are here can con-tinue to stay. 
f 
THOMAS FRANK JOHNSON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life and accomplish-ments of an important man of Amer-ica’s Greatest Generation, Dr. Thomas Frank Johnson. He faced life’s chal-lenges head on, and, throughout all of this vast change, he always saw Amer-ica’s promise above all else. 
Dr. Johnson, a military veteran and 
influential economist, passed away last December at the age of 94 and was re-cently buried at Arlington National Cemetery. He served as a lieutenant commander in the Navy in the Pacific from 1943 to 1945 and remained in the Navy Reserve until 1980. 
He was born September 27, 1920, in 
Lynchburg, Virginia, and was a child of the Great Depression, which affected his economic and personal outlook. His philosophy was simple—as he would tell his children—time marches on, so 
must we. 
Dr. Johnson was extremely proud of 
his military service. However, as a humble man, he only displayed one pic-ture of himself, on his patrol craft 1191 in the Pacific, escorting aircraft car-riers and destroyers into battle. After the war, he remained in the Navy, trav-eling by train, bringing soldiers and sailors home—some to their families, some to hospitals, and some to their final resting places. 
While very proud of his service, he 
rarely ever spoke of his time there. He simply moved on to the next phase of his life in post-World War II America. After concluding Active Duty, Dr. Johnson completed studies in econom-ics at the University of Virginia and was a member of the Thomas Jefferson Society. 
He moved to Washington, D.C., in 
1949 and began his professional career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.004 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2662 April 30, 2015 
at the Department of Agriculture, spe-
cializing in the sugar beet industry, followed by the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce. 
In the mid-1950s, he served as the as-
sistant commissioner of the Federal Housing Authority, in charge of re-search and legislation. He concluded his tenure at the Federal Housing Au-thority as acting commissioner. He then joined the American Enterprise Institute, where he influenced eco-nomic thought and public policy for another three decades. 
For those three decades, Dr. Johnson 
held senior leadership roles at the American Enterprise Institute, includ-ing director of economic policy studies. In his last year, he was the acting CEO. 
A man who did not seek the lime-
light, he had an uncanny ability to re-cruit and cultivate the foremost eco-nomic thinkers of our Nation. Dr. Johnson fostered the talent of at least three Nobel Prize winners in econom-ics, including Milton Friedman, Jim Buchanan, and Gary Becker. 
Dr. Johnson influenced economic pol-
icy during seven Presidential adminis-trations. He established a lunchtime forum for informal discussions with Cabinet Secretaries, financial leaders, and ambassadors. Even President George H.W. Bush would attend the forum. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Johnson was a hum-
ble and very forward-looking man. While engaging with many world lead-ers and policymakers, he was always a very private person, seldom talking about himself. He also taught econom-ics nearly his entire professional life at the University of Virginia, George Mason University, and George Wash-ington University. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Johnson 
was active in professional societies such as the National Association of Business Economists, serving as chap-
ter president in 1971; Institute for So-cial Science Research; Royal Economic Society; National Tax Association; American Finance Association; South-ern Economic Association; and the Cos-mos Club here in Washington, where he often took his children to meet impor-tant policymakers and leading econo-mists of the Nation and the world. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Johnson was also 
deeply engaged in his local community, serving on the Alexandria Hospital board of directors, including a term as its president. He also proudly served on the Alexandria school board and the vestry for St. Paul’s Episcopal Church and Immanuel Church-on-the-Hill Epis-copal Church in Alexandria. 
Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and pray-
ers are with his wife of 63 years, Mar-garet Ann; three children, Thomas, William, and the Reverend Sarah Nel-son; and seven grandchildren. 
Dr. Thomas Frank Johnson will sure-
ly be missed. 
Mr. Speaker, I will submit for the 
R
ECORD an additional account of Dr. 
Johnson’s life. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life 
and accomplishments of an important man in American life. Dr. Thomas Frank Johnson was 
part of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’, a time now referred to as the ‘‘American Century’’. He, like other nonagenarians, saw so much change during his life and faced life’s chal-lenges head on. He witnessed a World War, a dozen presidents, the beginnings of com-mercial aviation and lunar landings, the con-struction and collapse of the Berlin Wall, the rise of China and India as world powers and other wonders. Throughout all of this vast change, he always saw above all else, Amer-ica’s promise. 
We commend Dr. Johnson—an influential 
economist shaping this nation’s public policy and a veteran—who died December 28, 2014, at 94 years of age. He served as a Lt. Com-mander in the Navy in the Pacific from 1943 to 1945. He remained in the Navy Reserve until 1980. 
For nearly 30 years, Dr. Johnson held sen-
ior leadership roles at the American Enterprise Institute (1958–87), including director of eco-nomic policy studies and in his last year Act-ing CEO. A man who did not seek the lime-light, he had an uncanny ability to recruit and cultivate the foremost economic thinkers. Dr. Johnson mentored numerous AEI scholars— providing the ideas and discourse—and then editing the publications of the nation’s pre-eminent economists and public policy planners including Jean Kirkpatrick, Carla Hills, Irving Krystal, Herb Stein, and Murray Wiedenbaum. Dr. Johnson fostered the talent of at least three Nobel Prize winners in Economics in-cluding Milton Friedman, Jim Buchanan, and Gary Becker—well-known members of the Chicago School of Economic Thought. Be-cause of Dr. Johnson’s guidance and men-toring, other colleagues and assistants have also gone onto remarkable careers. 
Dr. Johnson was known as the ‘‘Dean of 
AEI’’ and influenced economic policy during seven presidential administrations—John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, Gerald R. Ford, Ronald W. Reagan and George H.W. Bush. Dr. Johnson estab-lished the AEI cafeteria, a lunchtime forum for informal discussions with cabinet secretaries, financial leaders, and ambassadors. George Herbert Walker Bush was a regular. 
Dr. Johnson published numerous articles of 
his own in professional journals and books such as Renewing America’s Cities. He served on the commission for urban renewal under three Virginia Governors—Linwood Hol-ton, Miles Godwin and Bob Dalton. In 1980, Virginia enacted a law that implemented most of commission’s work with a $150 million ap-propriation—an enormous sum at the time—to renew Virginia’s cities. 
He was a humble and very forward-looking 
man. While engaging with many world leaders and policymakers, he was always a very pri-vate person seldom talking about himself. He mused why anyone would want to know about his past. He and his generation just didn’t boast—they just faced life every day and moved into the future. 
Over 94 years, Dr. Johnson achieved signifi-
cant professional, community, and personal accomplishments. He was born Sept 27, 1920, in Lynchburg, Virginia, and was a child of the Great Depression which affected his economic and personnel outlook. His family had several reversals of fortune, including the loss of their tobacco farm near Farmville, Virginia. As a re-sult, he didn’t believe in debt and paid cash for everything, including his home. His philos-
ophy was simple. As he would tell his children, ‘‘time marches on, so must we.’’ 
Dr. Johnson was extremely proud of his 
military service to our nation. However, as a humble man, he only displayed one picture of himself—on his ‘‘Patrol Craft 1191’’ in the Pa-cific escorting aircraft carriers and destroyers into battle. After the war, he remained in the U.S. Navy travelling by train bringing soldiers and sailors home: some to their families; some to hospitals; and some to their final resting places. While very proud of his service, he rarely ever spoke of that time. He simply moved onto his next Phase—the post World War II America. 
His generation witnessed terrible tragedies 
and atrocities. Because of these experiences, Dr. Johnson respected people of all origins recognizing their fate could have easily been his. He often told his children about friends and colleagues who experienced incredible war-time escapes and journeys from Eastern Europe and Asia to America. He helped many of these immigrants, refugees go onto suc-cessful lives in the United States. These harrowing experiences are why he never lost sight of America’s promise. 
After concluding active duty, Dr. Johnson 
completed studies in economics at the Univer-sity of Virginia (B.A. 1943, M.A. 1947, and Ph.D. 1949) and was a member of the Thom-as Jefferson Society. He also attended Lynch-burg College (1939–41). 
Dr. Johnson moved to Washington, D.C. in 
1949 and began his professional career at the U.S. Department of Agriculture (1949–51)— specializing in the sugar industry—followed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (1951–54). In the mid-1950s, he served as Assistant Com-missioner of the Federal Housing Authority (1954–58) in charge of research and legisla-tion during the implementation of the urban re-newal provisions of the National Housing Act of 1954. He concluded his tenure at the Fed-eral Housing Authority as Acting Commis-sioner. This was a time of incredible American renewal in which he played such an important role in shaping. He then joined AEI where he influenced economic thought and public policy for another three decades. 
Dr. Johnson taught economics nearly his 
entire professional life at the University of Vir-ginia, George Mason University, and George Washington University. He also lectured at dozens of campuses throughout the country. He was responsible for bringing scholars to George Mason and helping to establish its ec-onomics and law schools. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Johnson was ac-
tive in professional societies such as the Na-tional Association of Business Economists, serving as chapter president in 1971, Institute for Social Science Research, Royal Economic Society (U.K.), National Tax Association, American Finance Association and the Cos-mos Club in Washington, D.C., where he often took his children to meet important policy-makers and leading economists. 
Dr. Johnson was also deeply engaged in 
the local community serving on the Alexandria Hospital Board of Directors from 1965 to 1971, including a term as its president (1970–1971). As a patient, he never mentioned his leader-ship on the hospital board—even when getting a new pacemaker on his 90 birthday! He also proudly served on the Alexandria School Board (1974–1976) and the vestry for St. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.005 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2663 April 30, 2015 
Paul’s Episcopal Church and Emmanuel 
Church on the Hill Episcopal Church in Alex-andria. 
As we remember Dr. Johnson, with his fam-
ily present today in the Well of the House Chamber, it was this humble member of the Greatest Generation and his contributions that made the American Century possible. He is survived by his wife of 63 years Margaret Ann (Emhardt); three children Thomas Emhardt (Julianne Mueller), William Harrison (Tracy Schario), and the Rev. Sarah Nelson; and seven grandchildren—Gaelen, Caleb, Eliza, Keegan, and Maren Nelson and Natalie and garret Johnson. 
We owe Dr. Johnson and his peers deep 
gratitude for their achievements and their courage—facing down incredible challenges. We live in the greatest country in the world because of men like Dr. Johnson—ones that always believed in America’s promise for the future. 
f 
ECONOMIC CLIMATE IN BLACK 
AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, 
the Congressional Black Caucus will present eight or nine speakers on the Democratic side in just a few minutes. I am the first of many who will be speaking. 
We come to the floor today to express 
our deepest sympathy and support to the family of Freddie Gray and to the citizens of Baltimore, Maryland. 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, the events in Baltimore 
are not just about police misconduct. It is about pervasive poverty. It is about unemployment, lack of oppor-tunity, hopelessness, and despair. 
Since the death of Michael Brown in 
Ferguson nearly 9 months ago, more than 25 bills have been introduced by members of the CBC that address the need for law enforcement account-ability. Today, I call on my House and Senate colleagues to put aside par-tisanship and take up some or all of these bills. This issue has an impact on all of us. 
We must address economic dispari-
ties that face Black communities all across the Nation. Baltimore, Mr. Speaker, is not unique. 
The economic climate in Black 
America and the divide that has per-sisted for generations is due largely to our country’s history of disparate treatment of African Americans and lack of opportunity. 
While much of the country has expe-
rienced an economic recovery over the last 6 years, it has not reached the Af-rican American community. 
Recently, the CBC and the Joint Eco-
nomic Committee released a report on the economic challenges facing African Americans. African Americans are struggling and continue to face high rates of persistent poverty, unemploy-ment, long-term unemployment, as well as significantly lower incomes and 
slower wealth accumulation. 
More than 400 counties in the United 
States suffer poverty rates greater than 20 percent. These rates have per-sisted now for more than 30 years. The median income of African American households is $34,000, $24,000 less than the median income of households. The median net worth of White households is 13 times the level for Black house-holds. Black Americans are almost three times more likely to live in pov-erty. 
At 10.1 percent, the current unem-
ployment rate for Black Americans is double the rate for White Americans. Black Americans currently face an un-employment rate higher than the na-tional unemployment rate reached dur-ing the recession. 
African Americans are less likely to 
obtain education beyond high school than White students. They are less likely to earn a college degree. Even among college graduates, Blacks face worse job prospects than Whites. The unemployment rate for Black workers with at least a bachelor’s degree is 5.2 percent, compared to 2.9 percent for White workers. 
Forty-four percent of Black Ameri-
cans own a home, compared to 74 per-cent of Whites. 
In my home State of North Carolina, 
the unemployment rate for African Americans is 9.9 percent, based on an unemployment rate of 3.2 percent for Whites. The poverty rate for African Americans is 27.5 percent, while for Whites it is 12.6. 
Right here, Mr. Speaker, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the median house-hold income for African Americans is $38,300 for Blacks and $115,900 for Whites, a gap of $77,000. The D.C. pov-erty rate is 27.4 percent for African Americans, compared to 7.6 percent for Whites. 
Colleagues, these statistics tell the 
story. These numbers are staggering, troubling, and problematic. It is time for a renewed focus on Blacks in Amer-ica and a need for real solutions on issues that have persistently plagued our communities. 
I will end, Mr. Speaker, by quoting 
some excerpts from President John-son’s 1964 State of the Union Speech. And he said: ‘‘Unfortunately, many Americans live on the outskirts of hope—some because of their poverty, and some because of their color, all too many because of both. Our task is to help replace their despair with oppor-tunity. 
‘‘This administration today,’’ he 
said, ‘‘here and now, declares uncondi-tional war on poverty in America. I urge this Congress and all Americans to join with me in that effort,’’ he said. 
‘‘It will not be a short or easy strug-
gle, no single weapon or strategy will suffice, but we shall not rest until that war is won.’’ 
President Johnson said: ‘‘The richest 
Nation on Earth can afford to win it. We cannot afford to lose it. One thou-sand dollars invested in salvaging an 
unemployable youth today can return $40,000 or more in his lifetime.’’ 
President Johnson said: ‘‘Poverty is 
a national problem, requiring improved national organization and support. But this attack, to be effective, must also be organized at the State and local level and must be supported and di-rected by State and local efforts.’’ 
He said: ‘‘For the war against pov-
erty will not be won here in Wash-ington. It must be won in the field, in every private home, in every public of-fice, from the courthouse to the White House. 
‘‘The program I shall propose,’’ he 
said, ‘‘will emphasize this cooperative approach to help that one-fifth of all American families with incomes too small to even meet their basic needs.’’ 
President Lyndon Baines Johnson, 
January 8, 1964, from this Chamber. 
f 
IT IS SILLY SEASON IN 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is silly 
season again in Washington. It is that time of year when we have our annual budget debates and when we realize that only in Washington can an in-crease actually be considered a de-crease. 
Later today, we will vote on a bill to 
fund the Department of Veterans Af-fairs. That bill increases the Depart-ment’s funding in real dollars from last year by 5.6 percent, and yet, my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle claim it is a decrease, when, in fact, it is the highest level of VA funding ever provided to the Department. 
But even worse, we have a Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs who is peddling this same intellectually dishonest line as well, the Secretary of a department in which negligence in the past year con-tributed to the deaths of veterans. Those are the words confirmed by the Office of the Inspector General. 
And yet, despite the failure of the 
Department, the Secretary, earlier this week, had the audacity to go behind closed doors with members of only one party and claim that somehow the 6 percent increase being provided by our committee will, in fact, further the VA’s failures of the past. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, the Secretary has 
exhibited a level of audacity only seen in Washington. If we are honest, it is an audacity that reflects a style of leadership likely to fail—fail the VA, but most importantly, it is going to fail veterans across the United States because, you see, here is the real story. 
We still have hundreds of thousands 
of veterans waiting for health care and for benefits. We know there is malfea-sance in VA construction, and we know the VA continues to declare veterans and dependents dead when they are, in fact, alive. But here is the most impor-tant and the most offensive part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.002 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2664 April 30, 2015 
Secretary’s messaging: in the midst of 
all this, this body has actually contin-ued to trust the Secretary. 
You see, when the VA Secretary 
came before our subcommittee, I asked him, point blank: What will it take to clear the veterans’ benefits backlog? And he said: Resources. We need over 700 more employees. We need an in-crease in resources. 
Now, I question that. I will be honest. 
I think there is a culture that has changed. I think we need infrastruc-ture and IT that has to change. But he said resources, and so we trusted him. Our bill provides full funding for his re-quest to clear the backlog, and yet he continues to say that our side of the aisle somehow, in providing the request that he made of our subcommittee, is going to fail his administration. 
It is a despicable display of partisan-
ship at the helm of a department that has no place for partisanship. And so a department that last year was defined not by its successes but by its failures is now needlessly defined by its poli-tics. 
And you know the one thing the Sec-
retary did not ask for? Additional fund-ing for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral, the office that uncovered the neg-ligence, that reported to Congress on the negligence. Zero increase in fund-ing was requested. So our sub-committee stepped in and we provided an additional $5 million for that office. 
Now, very importantly, we have to 
acknowledge that this gamesmanship, this leadership failure, should not re-flect on the men and women who serve our veterans on the front lines every day. We have great men and women who serve in the VHA and the VBA. I have had the opportunity to visit with them. 
Just last week, at our local VA hos-
pital, an elderly veteran was brought to tears telling me how much he appre-ciated the loving care he was receiving from the employees of the hospital. We must acknowledge their service, their contribution, every day, just as we ac-knowledge the failure of leadership in Washington, D.C. 
So you see, this week’s dysfunction, 
this week’s intellectually creative dis-honesty, this week’s audacity is just Washington ‘‘small ball’’ peddled by this administration, but with real con-sequences that undermine the con-fidence of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, only in Washington is a 
5.6 percent increase actually a de-crease. It is appropriations season. It is, indeed, silly season again in Wash-ington, D.C. 
f 
THE HOUSE REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to join my friend and chair of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , in offering condolences to the parents and family members of 
Freddie Gray. 
I also want to say to Ms. Toya Gra-
ham that I feel and can appreciate her anguish and the pain that she showed the world a few days ago. 
I want to say to her son, Michael, 
that I have also felt his pain and an-guish, having been on the receiving end of such discipline from my mother. But I want to say to him that he can rest assured that the love of his mother, her passion for his future, will pay great dividends if he continues to show the deference to her love and affection and her concern that he showed when he was the object of her frustrations. 
Mr. Speaker, responding to the situa-
tion in Baltimore several days ago, President Obama said: ‘‘We can’t just leave this to the police. I think there are police departments that have to do some soul-searching. I think there are some communities that have to do some soul-searching.’’ 
But, he went on to say: ‘‘I think, we, 
as a country, have to do some soul- searching.’’ 
I want to join President Obama in 
calling for the country to do some soul- searching. 
Let’s take a look at just a few of the 
institutions of learning in the Balti-more community. 
I would like to call attention to one 
school, Frederick Douglass High School, a school that lists among its graduates the likes of Cab Calloway, Thurgood Marshall, a school that I un-derstand that the father of the current mayor of Baltimore also attended. 
I understand there are 789 students at 
Frederick Douglass High School today. Eighty-three percent of them are listed in U.S. News & World Report’s index as economically disadvantaged, and only 53 percent of them are listed as pro-ficient in English, only 44 percent pro-ficient in algebra. 
I understand that Carver Vocational 
Technical High is 100 percent minority, with 79 percent of the students eco-nomically disadvantaged. 
Coppin Academy, 100 percent minor-
ity, with 77 percent economically dis-advantaged. 
Now, as we listen to all of the pun-
dits, editorial writers reflect on what is taking place or has taken place in Bal-timore, I would like to call attention to the lack of soul-searching that is taking place here in this body as we represent the people of America. We have just seen the conference report, or the budget, being proposed by the House Republicans. That conference agreement guts strategic investments in education, workforce training, pub-lic health, scientific research, ad-vanced manufacturing, and public safe-ty. It does nothing to help those Amer-icans who are looking for jobs. It does nothing to boost paychecks of working Americans. It disinvests in America. b1045 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF FALL OF 
SAIGON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, at the 
beginning of the last century, a godless totalitarian ideology moved from the-ory to practice when Communists took over Russia and a global war against freedom began. In the following dec-ades, this ideology slaughtered mil-lions across what was the Soviet Union. 
In the 1940s, Communists rolled 
through mainland China, bringing an-other reign of terror that killed mil-lions more and that still today limits freedom for the Chinese people. 
Also in the 1940s, Communists moved 
into Vietnam. Those living in northern Vietnam were its first victims. Like other lands under communism’s iron grip, Hanoi’s rulers killed hundreds of thousands of their citizens. Those who desired and had the means fled to the south. 
Throughout the 20th century, Amer-
ica fought against totalitarian ideologies that stripped people of human rights and dignity. 
After defeating fascists in World War 
II, we recognized communism as the single greatest threat to freedom. In-deed, well into the cold war, President Kennedy proclaimed to the world that we would ‘‘pay any price, bear any bur-den, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe in order to as-
sure the survival and the success of lib-erty.’’ 
The cold war at times flared hot, and 
in Southeast Asia, more than 58,000 Americans gave the last full measure of their devotion fighting for the free-doms for which their nation stands. 
Today we mark the 40th anniversary 
of the tragic fall of Saigon. In doing so, we remember the sacrifices made by our Vietnam veterans and their fami-lies, sacrifices that continue to today, such as when a Gold Star mother or wife looks at the photograph of a son or husband who never came home, or when a veteran makes a trip to the local VA for chemotherapy for a cancer caused by Agent Orange, or when a congressional colleague notices he does not have full use of a limb because of the torture he endured as a POW, or when the 65-year-old veteran has the same repeated nightmares, or when a 40-something son or daughter envisions the father he or she never got to know. The sacrifices are noble but painful. 
The cause they fought for lives on 
and will continue so long as humanity dreams of freedom, dreams like those of the thousands of boat people who risked their lives to escape Vietnam, including the 65 boat people President Reagan spoke of in 1982 who had the good fortune of being spotted by the aircraft carrier USS Midway . When 
they were picked up, they cried ‘‘Hello, American sailor. Hello, freedom man.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.008 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2665 April 30, 2015 
Since the last helicopter left the U.S. 
Embassy roof in Saigon 40 years ago, Vietnam has been under Communist control. And with Communist control has come a shameful human rights record. What was a hot spot in the cold war is now a cold spot for people aspir-ing to walk, to borrow a phrase from Hubert Humphrey, in ‘‘the warm sun-shine of human rights.’’ 
Vietnam’s postwar history began 
with a purge that resulted in the deaths of thousands. Hundreds of thou-sands of refugees escaped. Many died in the process, but many survived. Some made it to America, where they pur-sued the American Dream. They have undertaken diverse endeavors, from running small shops in Orange County, California, to fishing operations in Louisiana, to practicing medicine in places like Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
For those who are still living under 
the Communist regime, they must be ever-fearful of a government all too willing to crush freedom. Political freedom. Religious freedom. Freedom of the press. Freedom in family life. 
In Vietnam, Catholics, Buddhists, 
Falun Gong, and other religious mi-norities have been harassed, impris-oned, and persecuted for their faith. In Vietnam, hundreds of political pris-oners are held in jail or under house ar-rest. The Vietnamese Government con-tinues to restrain the press, and they have engaged in coercive population control practices. 
Never forget: our servicemembers 
fought, and many died, to prevent the tragedies Communist rule would im-pose upon the Vietnamese, Laotian, and Cambodian people, the latter of whom suffered an outright genocide that killed millions. 
We are grateful that our servicemem-
bers were able to save thousands of Vi-etnamese. 
To the Vietnam veterans who under-
took Operation Frequent Wind 40 years ago this weekend in the chaotic days before Saigon fell, be proud you res-cued 7,000 Americans and South Viet-
namese. God alone knows the ripples in history that their having escaped will cause. 
As we look to the future, let us have 
a final accounting for all our MIAs. Let us insist that if Vietnam desires to in-tegrate further with the community of nations, then it must allow much greater freedom for its people. And let us hope that the people of Vietnam will not have to endure another four dec-ades of repression and that one day, perhaps this decade, the freedom for which our servicemembers died will fi-nally take root by the South China Sea. 
f 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my colleague from California, Congressman B
ARBARA LEE, for her 
courtesy. I join today in standing with my 
chair, Congressman B UTTERFIELD of the 
Congressional Black Caucus. I, as well, am overwhelmed with the pain that we have seen not only in Baltimore, which we have seen most recently, but in cit-ies like Ferguson, in North Charleston, in New York, where we have seen the convergence of poverty and the need for criminal justice reform converge. 
I too want to offer my sympathy to 
the family of Freddie Gray. We have watched them over the past couple of days. In the midst of their mourning to be able to stand up and call for peace, nonviolence, nonviolent protests, they should be honored. 
And to those in Baltimore, and par-
ticularly my colleague from Mary-land—I will call him Congressman C
UMMINGS with the bullhorn politics, 
the bullhorn leadership—he should be commended for the stunning and out-standing engagement, that he touched the hearts and minds of his constitu-ents, walked those streets, to be able to acknowledge the pain, the poverty, but that there is a better way, that there is a way toward the stars that we all want our children to have. 
And, yes, to Ms. Graham, who wanted 
better for her son Michael. I want him not to be embarrassed but to be proud that he had a mother with such deep love that she wanted to take him away from doing it wrongly—not against protests, not against the quiet march-ing of the spirit of Dr. King, but to know that engaging in violence is in-tolerable and will not allow him to reach the very high heights that he can reach. 
Today I stand here to acknowledge 
the convergence of the need for crimi-nal justice reform and the deep and abiding poverty in the African Amer-ican community. One in every six Americans is living in poverty, total-ing 46.2 million people. This is the highest number in 17 years. Children represent a disproportionate amount of the United States poor population. It falls heavily on the African American community. 
In my district, there are 190,000-plus 
living in poverty. It falls heavily on the African American community. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not a standing 
invitation for the door to open and say, let’s blame President Obama. President Obama has been a stellar leader on the questions of realizing the investment in people. From the stimulus that brought us out of the depths of collapse of the markets and a complete implod-ing of the capitalistic system, he pro-vided the stimulus that moved us to-ward an economy where we were cre-ating jobs. 
But here we have in Congress this 
dastardly sequester that is cutting Head Start seats, not investing in in-frastructure, not creating jobs or pro-viding opportunities for our young peo-ple. 
So today I say that there needs to be 
a call for action. That call for action is that this Congress must get rid of se-quester and must look at the Balti-
mores and must look at the Fergusons and Houstons and L.A.s and New Yorks and cities across America and realize that we are coming upon a summer-time. And if we don’t act to invest in our children and to begin to give an agenda to release ourselves from pov-erty, we will have doomed ourselves. 
And I would offer to say that the in-
ertia of moving toward criminal justice reform in this Congress is unaccept-able. 
I call upon Members to come to-
gether collectively to be able to pass legislation, the Cadet bill that I have introduced, the Build TRUST bill. But, more importantly, I am calling upon our government to invest in our youth, to get rid of the poverty, to prepare them as they go into higher education, as they go into upper grades. We must have a program of summer jobs this summer, and we must have a collabo-rative effort with corporate America. 
Wake up, corporate America. Wake 
up, corporate Baltimore. Wake up, cor-porate New York. Wake up, corporate Houston. There must be an investment in summer jobs, collaborating with the Federal Government to make a dif-ference to lift families out of poverty. We do know that summer jobs with young people elevate families’ ability to pay their bills and to provide re-sources for their families. 
So if the story of Baltimore is any, it 
is one, don’t jump to conclusions. Don’t jump to conclusions that Freddie Gray tried to hurt himself. Don’t jump to conclusions that these young people don’t mean well. Don’t jump to conclu-sions that they shouldn’t have done what they have done. Jump to the con-clusions that these are young people who are hungry and looking for leader-ship and are in pain, as Congressman C
UMMINGS said. 
Look for the opportunity for them. 
Help rebuild Baltimore. Help give them jobs. Help tell them that the improved relationships between police and com-munity are going to be moved forward as a number one agenda for the United States Congress and this government that they call the United States of America. 
Let us have a call to action—not of 
condemnation, but of action. 
I want to thank the young people 
who nonviolently marched all over America, indicating Black lives matter and all lives matter. The Congressional Black Caucus stands to stamp out pov-erty, and we stand, Mr. Speaker, to bring opportunities to young people. 
f 
HONORING SANDERS-BROWN 
CENTER ON AGING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the University of Ken-tucky’s Sanders-Brown Center on Aging, which was established in 1979 and is one of the original 10 National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.009 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2666 April 30, 2015 
Institutes of Health-funded Alzheimer’s 
disease research centers. 
The University of Kentucky Alz-
heimer’s Disease Center, ably led by Director Dr. Linda Van Eldik and her outstanding team of scientists and in-vestigators, supports and facilitates re-search with a long-term goal of ena-bling more effective translation of complex scientific discoveries to inter-vention strategies that improve the lives of patients. 
The Sanders-Brown scientists are fo-
cused on understanding the mecha-nisms involved in development and progression of age-related neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer’s disease and related demen-tias and stroke, and are seeking new knowledge breakthroughs to combat these diseases of the elderly. 
This center also promotes education 
and outreach, provides clinical and neuropathological diagnoses and care of patients with cognitive impairment, and runs an active clinical trials pro-gram to test potential new therapies. These activities are critical because, with the aging of the population world-wide and in this country, age-related cognitive disorders, such as Alz-heimer’s disease, are reaching epidemic proportions, requiring a desperate need to identify strategies for effective therapeutic intervention. 
According to a recent report, an esti-
mated 5.3 million Americans have Alz-heimer’s disease, and that is in 2015 alone. This includes an estimated 5.1 million people age 65 and older and ap-proximately 200,000 individuals under the age of 65 who have younger-onset Alzheimer’s disease. Barring the devel-opment of medical breakthroughs, the number will rise to 13.8 million by the year 2050. 
Almost half a million people age 65 or 
older will develop Alzheimer’s in the United States this year alone. To put that into perspective, every 67 seconds, someone in the United States develops Alzheimer’s. By midcentury, an Amer-ican will develop the disease every 33 seconds. 
Alzheimer’s disease is the sixth lead-
ing cause of death in the United States and fifth leading cause of death for those age 65 or older. There is an enor-mous cost and financial impact of this disease. 
Alzheimer’s is, in fact, the costliest 
disease to society. Total 2015 payments for caring for those with Alzheimer’s and other dementias are estimated at $226 billion. Total payments for health care, long-term care, and hospice for 
people with Alzheimer’s and other de-mentias are projected to increase to more than $1 trillion in 2050. 
So when we talk about reforming 
Medicare, when we talk about doing the things we need to do to save Medi-care and keep our promises to our sen-iors, we have to recognize the critical importance and the return on invest-ment that that investment in the Na-tional Institutes of Health can have. 
I say, in the debates about Medicare 
reform—and these are important de-bates—let’s pay attention to invest-
ment in the National Institutes of Health and particularly the under-investment in the research that goes on in places like the Sanders-Brown Center on Aging. 
b1100 
This can have an enormous impact 
on our ability to keep Medicare solvent and also improve the lives of so many Americans. So I call on all of my col-leagues here to join me in thanking ev-eryone at the University of Kentucky Sanders-Brown Center on Aging for their contributions to continue the fight against Alzheimer’s and other diseases of the elderly. 
f 
IMPACTS OF PERSISTENT POV-
ERTY IN THE AFRICAN AMER-ICAN COMMUNITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
E
MMER of Minnesota). The Chair recog-
nizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise first to 
send my thoughts and prayers to the family of Freddie Gray and the entire city of Baltimore. Today, another fam-ily is grieving another young life need-lessly cut short; and, again, a commu-nity is searching for answers in the face of tragedy and injustice. 
My own community knows this all 
too well. On New Year’s Day 2009, Oscar Grant, a bright young man, was mur-dered on the Fruitvale Bay Area Rapid Transit platform in Oakland. Our com-
munity took to the streets demanding justice. 
Freddie Gray, Oscar Grant, Mike 
Brown, Tamir Rice, and Trayvon Mar-tin and the list goes on, all lives cut short. Today, their stories compel us to come to the House floor to join mil-lions of Americans around our Nation in saying that, like all lives, Black lives also do matter. 
Make no mistake, the issues rocking 
many communities are not a new phe-nomenon. These tragedies, yes, are a part of a dark legacy of injustice born in the sufferings of the Middle Passage, nurtured through slavery, and codified in Jim Crow. 
On April 14, 1967, at Stanford Univer-
sity, Dr. King described these issues in his ‘‘Two Americas’’ speech. He said, ‘‘There are literally two Americas. One America is overflowing with the milk of prosperity and honey of opportunity. Tragically and unfortunately, there is another America. This other America has a daily ugliness about it that con-stantly transforms the ebulliency of hope into the fatigue of despair.’’ 
The ugly fact is that two Americas 
still exist nearly five decades later. An African American male is killed by a security officer, police officer, or a self- proclaimed vigilante every 28 hours in the United States. One in three Black men will be arrested in their lifetime, a reason why men from communities of color, unfortunately, make up more than 70 percent of the United States prison population. Sadly, our laws have made having a 
criminal justice record a lifetime bar-rier to the ‘‘honey of opportunity’’ Dr. King described. A formerly incarcer-ated individual who has paid his or her dues to society and is out of jail is still denied access to Pell grants, closing off the opportunity for higher education and a better job. Ten States enforce lifetime bans on receiving food assist-ance, SNAP benefits, for drug-related felonies—only drug-related felonies. 
Mr. Speaker, these limitations are 
components of a system that continues to punish someone for life for having made a mistake. This system main-tains cyclical and systemic barriers that keep generations of African Amer-icans from building pathways out of poverty. 
Recently, the Joint Economic Com-
mittee, under the leadership of Rank-ing Member C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , re-
leased a report with the Congressional Black Caucus on the economic state of Black America, which Congressman B
UTTERFIELD laid out the bleak find-
ing. I hope Members recognize this is a wake-up call. 
Children in African American house-
holds are nearly twice as likely to be raised in the bottom 20 percent of in-come distribution as children in White households; and, while African Amer-ican students represent 18 percent of the overall preschool enrollment, they account for 42 percent of preschool stu-dent expulsion—these are kids ages 2 to 5 years old—expulsions. These children don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. 
The link between the economic in-
equality and our broken criminal jus-tice system and education is crystal clear, and Congress must do more to break down these systemic barriers. 
Our friend and our colleague, our 
chair of the Congressional Black Cau-cus, said in his inaugural speech when he was sworn in, ‘‘America is not work-ing for many African Americans, and we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, have an obligation to fight harder and smarter to help repair the damage.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we must come together 
as never before to address the sys-temic, structural, and rampant racial bias endemic in our institutions and criminal justice system. 
We have introduced the Half in Ten 
Act, H.R. 258, to create a national strategy to cut poverty in half in 10 years. By coordinating and empowering all Federal agencies, we can lift 22 mil-lion Americans out of poverty and into the middle class, but that is only one step. We must bring serious structural reforms to our broken criminal justice system. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act, H.R. 1232, because war weapons don’t belong on Main Street. We also need to pass the Police Accountability Act, H.R. 1102, and the Grand Jury Re-form Act, H.R. 429, to ensure account-ability and that deadly force cases are actually heard by a judge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.010 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2667 April 30, 2015 
We also need to stop the racial 
profiling that disproportionally affects African Americans. We need to pass the End Racial Profiling Act, H.R. 1933, be-cause racial profiling has no place in a 21st century police force. 
It is also time to pass ‘‘ban the box’’ 
for Federal contractors and agencies. I am proud to be working with our col-leagues on the Senate side, Senators B
OOKER and B ROWN , to do just that. 
We can’t stop with the criminal jus-
tice system. We have got to create job training, workforce training, and eco-nomic opportunities for people of color in marginalized communities who have been, unfortunately, impacted by gen-erations of endemic barriers rooted in discrimination. 
f 
BEWARE THE ARROGANCE OF THE 
UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to tell you about a brave lady named Ellie, whom I met a few years ago in Kansas. This is her story. 
One Tuesday morning, back in 1973, 
she opened up her local newspaper to read about a U.S. Supreme Court deci-sion that shocked her, outraged her, and saddened her. She questioned how a small group of unelected judges could reach such a tragic and illegitimate de-cision in the name of constitutional rights. 
That case was the fateful Roe v. 
Wade decision that mandated abortion on demand throughout all 50 States for all 9 months of pregnancy. In response to the Court’s ruling, Ellie rushed out to the nearest abortion clinic. 
Expecting other outraged Kansans to 
already be there, Ellie found herself alone. No one else was there. It seemed that the Supreme Court, in far-off Washington, had imposed its radical decision on Ellie and an entire Nation without anyone noticing, few caring, and no one responding about the lives of the unborn. 
As history does report, that seem-
ingly deafening silence didn’t stay that way. Soon, Ellie was joined by others, many others. Contrary to the expecta-tions of the elite lawyers on the Su-preme Court, their decision did not short-circuit or end the debate over abortion; rather, over the following years, it ignited the debate. 
While the Court still stubbornly 
clings to the ruling, science has ex-posed its folly. Legal scholars recog-nize its defects. Most importantly, pub-lic opinion, from the young to the old, has passed them by. Today, an over-whelming majority of Americans op-pose an overwhelming percentage of all abortions. 
Today, the Supreme Court may be 
tempted to repeat that same mistake. They may be emboldened to impose again a so-called 50-State solution on the entire Nation. By radically at-tempting to redefine marriage for Ellie and the entire country by invalidating 
centuries of marriage laws and by si-lencing the more than 50 million Amer-icans—that is 50 million Americans— who have voted to protect marriage as between one man and one woman, this court would, once again, be repeating their arrogant mistake of misreading both the American public and our American Constitution. 
Unlike 1973, I believe that Americans 
are already beginning to engage on this issue. This time, Ellie will not be alone. If this Supreme Court attempts to shred again another foundational as-pect of our society, there will be a strong, quick, and ferocious response, for a small group of lawyers should not impose their redefinition of marriage on every single American State, every single American citizen, every single American family, and every single American church and synagogue. 
Therefore, I implore this Court to 
learn from the Roe v. Wade mistake, do its job, read and obey the Constitution, and correctly affirm that Ellie and the citizens of every one of our united States are free to affirm or restore marriage as the union of one man and one woman. 
f 
TO BE POOR IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
ANGEL ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am 
thankful for this opportunity. I feel so proud to be an American and be in this great country where so many Members of Congress have come from families and communities that have been poor, without the dreams or hopes that they would ever be in a position to serve this great country in the most august legislative body in the world. 
I know I have been through more 
riots than anyone else, coming from Harlem and being older than most Members; yet, throughout the world, I am so proud that people respect our country because of the opportunities we have here. 
Therefore, to all Americans, it has to 
be painful and embarrassing to see on international news or to have our international friends think that we are a country that allow young, Black men to be shot down, murdered, and killed and that this is supposed to represent America. 
It doesn’t really, in my mind, rep-
resent our country; it represents pov-erty, but it is so hard for people to be-lieve that the richest country in the world could have this cancer of poverty that eats away from so many things that we could be doing. 
There were so many dreams and 
hopes when President Obama came in and recognized how much you can ac-complish if you have access to edu-cation. I was among those who recog-nized that a bum from Lenox Avenue in Harlem, being given an opportunity with the GI Bill, can go to New York University, go to law school, become a Federal prosecutor, and come here in 
Congress. 
I knew, Mr. Speaker, the President 
understood the power of being exposed to education and what it has done to make America all that she is today, but I had no idea of the problems he would face as our President, the depth of people who wanted to prevent him from making a contribution to our country, the partisanship that exists today, and the pain that I feel now when you talk about education, wheth-er or not you support traditional public schools or charter schools, when the greatest thing that we can do and the obligation we have as Members of Con-gress is to invest in the education of our young people for the future of this great country. 
Mr. Speaker, poverty is more than 
lack of self-esteem. Poverty means that there is a degree in the connection between poverty and hopelessness, pov-erty and joblessness, poverty in not being able to send your kids to school, poverty in not even knowing how to take care of yourself in terms of health. Poverty can cause people not to be able to make the contributions that they can make to the country. 
The disparity between the wealthy 
people that we have in this country and those who work hard every day and don’t have enough money for dispos-able income, poverty and near in pov-erty reduces the ability of the middle class to have disposable income, to be able to purchase, to support jobs through small businesses. 
Poverty is so costly, Mr. Speaker, 
not only in the prestige, the power, and the expectation of our great country; but how much do we pay to put poor folks in jail? How much, really, do we pay to subsidize earned income tax credits, low-income housing credits, children tax credits, subsidies, not be-cause these things don’t pay off, but subsidies because we don’t have pro-grams for them? We have to do every-thing we can. These are costly; but who can deny the return on these types of investments? 
The trillions of dollars that we have 
invested in our defense has little or no return, but the investment that we can have in people and the talent of our minds can make this country all that she can be. 
Let’s increase education and decrease 
poverty. 
f 
b1115 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DOLD). The Chair recognizes the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House Ag-riculture Subcommittee on Conserva-tion and Forestry, which I chair, con-ducted a hearing to review the Na-tional Forest System and active forest management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.011 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2668 April 30, 2015 
The health of our national forests is 
an issue of vital importance for rural America. Not only are national forests a source of immense natural beauty, 
but they provide us with natural re-sources, healthy watersheds, rec-reational opportunities, and wildlife habitat. 
Perhaps more importantly, they 
serve as economic engines for the sur-rounding local communities. Our na-tional forests are capable of providing and sustaining these economic bene-fits, but they need proper management in order to do so. 
The U.S. Forest Service manages 
more than 193 million acres of land across 41 States. Within those 41 States are over 700 counties containing na-tional forestland. These counties and communities within them rely on us to be good stewards of these Federal lands, and there is a direct correlation between forest health and vibrant rural communities. 
The people living in these rural areas 
depend on well-managed national for-ests to foster jobs and economic oppor-tunities. These jobs come from diverse sources, such as timbering, energy pro-duction, or recreation. However, if those jobs disappear, so do jobs that support those industries. It is a snow-ball effect from there, threatening school systems and infrastructure in these rural communities. 
As a result, effective management 
and Forest Service decisions have sig-nificant consequences on our constitu-ents who live in and around national forests. Healthier, well-managed na-tional forests are more sustainable for generations to come due to the con-tinual risks of catastrophic fires and invasive species outbreaks. Especially with the decline in timber harvesting and the revenue to counties from tim-ber receipts over the past two decades, rural economies will benefit immensely from increased timber harvest. 
We can continue supporting a diverse 
population of wildlife through active land management practices, such as prescribed burns. Our national forests are not museums. They were never in-tended to sit idly. I say it frequently, but national forests are not national parks. 
When Congress created the National 
Forest System more than 100 years ago, it was designed so that sur-rounding communities would benefit from multiple uses. Our national for-ests are meant to provide timber, oil, natural gas, wildlife habitat, rec-reational opportunities, and clean drinking water, not just for the rural communities, but these tend to be the headwaters of the waters that provide water for our cities as well. 
During yesterday’s hearing, members 
of the Conservation and Forestry Sub-committee called upon Forest Service Chief Thomas Tidwell to use the tools that Congress made available in the 2014 farm bill in order to strengthen rural economies and improve the health of our national forests. One cer-tainly complements the other. POLICY FAILURES OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am here 
today to talk about the policy failures of this body. 
Mr. Speaker, when we look at Balti-
more, let me tell you why it is not a shock to me. It is because when you disinvest in education, when you pro-vide no places for kids to play and no summer jobs, Baltimore happens. When you refuse to provide resources for job training for decent housing and you have a lack of resources to the commu-nities of highest need, Baltimore hap-pens. 
The budget we are working on this 
week continues to prove that the ma-jority of people in this House care lit-tle about the plight of the poor and un-derserved communities. There is a lack of concern for education. 
I sit on the Education Committee as 
we are talking about reauthorizing ESEA, and the majority passed out of committee the ability to block grant all title I funding. So now children who are poor, disabled, or minority will be at the mercy of their State to deter-mine what kind of education they get. Ohio has one way to do it; Indiana has another way to do it. It all depends on what your ZIP Code is anymore as to what your educational attainment may be. They, further, have reduced Federal funding for education every year of their plan. 
I work in a body where the majority 
wants to block grant Medicaid. So State by State they will determine who qualifies, who is sick enough to qual-ify. I work in a body where there is no value placed on our greatest asset, which is our people. These are the peo-ple who want to reduce block grants and community funding and commu-nity policing. 
Our communities are crying out 
every day for our attention. Did what happened in Baltimore get our atten-tion? It should have, and it did. Was it right? No. Violence is never right. But we have to hear the cries of the people in need. 
So today, I want to say to the Gray 
family and all of the people who are in the streets in Baltimore: I apologize. I apologize for a body that has failed you. I apologize for people who only 
give lip service to the poor. I apologize because we could do better to make your lives better. 
Mr. Speaker, it is our responsibility 
as the leaders of this Nation to take care of the people who need us the most. 
Miss Gray, I apologize. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 21 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Rabbi Michael Siegel, Anshe Emet 
Synagogue, Chicago, Illinois, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, instill within the 
Members of the House of Representa-tives the deep understanding of the po-tential that this day holds as they work together for the common good of all people in this great land. 
Open their hearts to respond mean-
ingfully to the voices of those who hun-ger for justice, hunger for equality, and hunger for opportunity. 
Give them the strength and wisdom 
to ensure the security of this great Na-tion and her friends around the world. 
On this day that George Washington 
was inaugurated as the first President of the United States in 1789, we ask You, God, to bless each and every Member of this august body with the same courage that he exhibited in his time, in order to fulfill the vision and purpose of this great land for us and all who will follow in the future. 
Let us pray that together this body, 
together, will do their part to create a world worthy of God’s presence and God’s blessing. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. H AHN) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.013 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2669 April 30, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS 
AND PREVENTION MONTH 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, April is Sex-
ual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, and I rise to support the goals and ideals we have been promoting these past 30 days. 
More than 200,000 people in the 
United States are sexually assaulted each year. One in five women will be sexually assaulted during her college years. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. Our 
work is not done until the number of sexual assaults is zero. Sexual assault is an affront to our basic humanity. It threatens our individual liberty, fam-ily values, and basic human rights. Mr. Speaker, we owe it to our children to live up to those values. 
We must reject the passive, quiet ac-
ceptance of sexual assault that has per-vaded our society for far too long. We must refuse to accept that which is un-questionably unacceptable. 
Mr. Speaker, although April is com-
ing to an end, we must remain com-mitted to raising awareness, empow-ering survivors, and preventing more people from experiencing these heinous acts. 
f 
WELCOMING RABBI MICHAEL 
SIEGEL 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize my friend Rabbi Michael Siegel of Chicago, Illinois, for his serv-ice today as guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
As the rabbi of the congregation clos-
est to Wrigley Field, for 30 years, Rabbi Siegel’s prayers for the Cubs have gone unanswered; however, Michael, again, assures me this is the year. 
More seriously, throughout his 40- 
year career, Rabbi Siegel has been a dedicated leader in the Jewish commu-nity, serving both locally and nation-ally. 
Since 1873, Anshe Emet has been a 
center for Jewish study, cultural activ-ity, and Israel advocacy. Under Rabbi Siegel’s leadership, the synagogue has grown and truly fulfilled its commit-ment to the entire community of Israel—klal yisrael—and healing the word—tikkun olam. I am grateful for my punctuation and pronunciation keys. I am also grateful that my con-stituents can be part of a such an in-spiring community—kehila. 
Please join me in thanking Rabbi 
Siegel for leading us in prayer today as guest chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
f 
NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to kick off May as National Men-tal Health Awareness Month. 
I stand here to bring attention to the 
dire need to improve the awareness and dialogue surrounding mental health. Far too long, we as a Nation have ne-glected mental health. It is one of our most critical health problems today. 
Mental illness occurs more fre-
quently, affects more people, requires more prolonged treatment, and causes more suffering to individuals and fami-lies than most people could ever real-ize. 
I have personally witnessed and expe-
rienced the physical and emotional burden mental illness has on the indi-vidual and the family. A close family member of mine took their life at a very young age. 
Despite having major hospitals and 
universities in the Syracuse area, there simply are not enough mental health resources to help, especially in the pe-diatric realm. People in the central New York area often have to travel hours to receive inpatient care, dis-rupting lives, jobs, and families. Once released, the followup care is lacking, and oftentimes, the patients imme-diately regresses. 
Unfortunately, the lack of re-
sources—in the case of central New York—is not an uncommon issue. As I acknowledge May as Mental Health Awareness Month, this Friday, May 1, I will launch a mental health task force based in New York’s 24th District. The task force will be comprised of mental health leaders in the field, including hospitals and employees. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the tens of thousands of students who have been left in the lurch after their for-profit school, Co-rinthian Colleges, abruptly closed this week. 
The closure came as a surprise. It 
was the middle of their semester. Many of these students are now buried in stu-dent loan debt and do not know how or if they can continue their education. 
I have urged the Department of Edu-
cation to make it very clear to these students that they have the option to have their loans forgiven. However, the Department of Education has been en-couraging students to transfer to other troubled for-profit schools, rather than have their loans discharged. 
Many of the for-profit schools on the 
Department’s list of so-called viable transfer opportunities are currently 
under State or Federal investigation. This is shocking and unacceptable. 
I call on the Department to remove 
immediately any school currently under investigation or on heightened cash management from its list of rec-ommended options. 
Our students deserve better. Let’s 
give them the guidance that they can trust. 
f 
NATIONAL YOUTH ORCHESTRA 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, each summer, Car-negie Hall’s Weill Music Institute brings together some of the brightest young musicians from around the country to form the National Youth Orchestra USA. 
The members of the orchestra spend 
the first 2 weeks in residency at Pur-chase College, taking master classes from the best. They have the chance to perform at the world famous Carnegie Hall, where their performance is heard live around the world; then they go on tour. 
This summer, the orchestra will 
make a historic visit to China. It is an incredible experience, and I am ex-tremely proud that, among the 114 amazing young people, two are from the district I am privileged to rep-resent, Ms. Jasmine Lavariega, a horn player from Astoria; and Laura Mi-chael, an oboist from Manhattan. 
Congratulations to them both. Please 
let your parents know they were right; all that practice, practice, practice paid off. It was worth it. You are per-forming at Carnegie Hall and in China. 
Congratulations. 
f 
F/A–18 SUPER HORNET 
(Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I come 
before you today to thank my col-leagues on the House Armed Services Committee—in particular, Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY and Ranking Member 
ADAM SMITH—for all the hard work 
they have put into crafting our coun-try’s national priorities for the upcom-ing year, way into the wee hours of the morning. 
Specifically, I want to thank them 
for responding to a critical Navy short-fall and a national security need by in-cluding the authorization for funding of 12 F/A–18 Super Hornets in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
The Super Hornet is truly the work-
horse of naval combat operations against the Islamic State and is play-ing an important role in protecting our warfighters abroad. Twelve additional Super Hornets will help keep a critical production line open that will allow for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.015 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2670 April 30, 2015 
additional strike fighter jets and elec-
tronic warfare attack in the future. 
However, our worked isn’t finished. I 
look forward to supporting the NDAA when it comes to the House floor and fighting for Super Hornets to be in-cluded during the appropriations process. 
f 
b1215 
THE REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I 
wish I could say that the budget reso-lution being moved through Congress right now will help America’s middle class. 
I wish I could say that this budget 
will help provide opportunities for struggling Americans and security for our seniors. 
I wish I could say that this budget 
will help raise stagnant wages, help our kids attend college, and help our busi-nesses create jobs. 
I wish I could say all of that, but I 
can’t. 
What I can say is that the budget 
being pushed through the House today would make hard-working Americans work even harder and take home even less, while benefiting special interests and the ultrawealthy. 
I ask my Republican colleagues to 
partner with us in a bipartisan fashion to create a budget that will benefit all Americans. 
f 
FIXING THE ISSUES AT THE VA 
(Mr. HUDSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased that we are working through a bipartisan Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that contains a lot of good measures, that keeps the VA under the magni-fying glass, and helps guarantee top-notch care for our Nation’s heroes, our veterans. 
Continuing to fix the issues at the 
VA needs to remain our top priority, but the solution is not throwing more money at it, Mr. Speaker. We spend more now on the VA than at any point in our history, but too much money is wasted on the bureaucracy here in Washington and doesn’t get down to the caregivers and to our veterans who need the care. 
My constituents and veterans across 
the Nation are waiting months for rou-tine exams, while others who need spe-cial care are stuck in backlogs. Mr. Speaker, it simply isn’t fair, and it is not tolerable. 
Our veterans deserve the best, and we 
can deliver that by breaking up this bureaucracy in the VA. We should give our veterans the option to get health care at the VA if they choose, or to go 
to a private healthcare provider in their local community and have the VA pay for it. 
Until we move to that system, Mr. 
Speaker, the VA at the top is going to continue to soak up the money, and the veterans at the bottom are going to continue to not get the care that they deserve. 
I ask my colleagues to continue to 
work with me so that we provide the best health care in the world to our veterans, that we keep the promises we made. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN BUDGET’S IM-
PACT ON ACCESS TO SECONDARY EDUCATION 
(Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the Re-
publican budget we are going to con-sider later today is a step in the wrong direction for students. At a time when student loan debt is at an all-time high, we need to be doing more to help students, not less. 
Unfortunately, the Republican budg-
et will make students work harder for less. It will hurt low-income students by cutting $89 billion for Pell grants. It will dramatically cut back the loan re-payment programs that help all stu-
dent loan borrowers pay affordable rates. And for Americans in job train-ing programs, more than 2 million may be turned away from the critical train-ing programs they need to change ca-reers or secure advancement at work. 
Students of all types deserve access 
to quality, affordable education, but this Republican budget cuts critical programs that help our students get ahead. Mr. Speaker, our young people are 25 percent of our population and 100 percent of our future. We can and must do better. 
f 
ENHANCING VETERANS ACCESS TO 
TREATMENT ACT 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, today I am introducing the Enhancing Veterans Access to Treat-ment Act, legislation that eliminates bureaucratic hurdles so veterans using the VA can continue to receive the same lifesaving mental health medica-tion they access while on Active Duty. 
Currently, the VA requires a veteran 
to switch their medication when that drug is not included in the VA’s drug formulary, regardless if the drug is working. Instead, the VA will put the veteran on different medication and re-quires them to fail first before they are switched back, or the vet must go through an appeals process to remain on the current medication. 
Instead, this bill simply says, if it 
works, keep it. This bill allows seam-less continuity of medication and 
leaves any decision to change up to the doctor. 
It is not enough to just have the DOD 
and VA share a limited medication list, because when it comes to psychotropic medication, the doctor needs to have available the full spectrum of choices. 
With 22 veterans dying each day by 
suicide, these veterans don’t have time to wait to get their medication for their depression or anxiety. 
I ask all Members to please join me 
in cosponsoring the Enhancing Vet-erans Access to Treatment Act so we can solve this problem. 
f 
GOOD NEWS FROM NIGERIA 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
this week we received good news. On Tuesday, 200 girls and 93 women were rescued from Boko Haram camps by the Nigerian military in the Sambisa Forest. Yesterday, another group, 160 women and children, was rescued in the same forest. 
These reports bring me great hope. 
My heart goes out to these women, girls, and their families, who have ex-perienced their worst nightmare. 
I am hopeful that the Chibok girls, 
who were kidnapped over a year ago, are a part of these ongoing rescue mis-sions by the Nigerian Army. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday I asked my 
fellow Congresswomen to wear red in honor of the missing girls and vote to-gether in of the well of the House of Representatives. Together, we called attention to the atrocities by Boko Haram, called for the return of all of the kidnapped girls, and called for Ni-gerian leaders to be held accountable by the world. 
It takes the political will of the Nige-
rian Government and the conviction to do what is right to eradicate Boko Haram and end their tragic reign of terror. 
We hope to wear red every Wednes-
day. I will not stop speaking, stop tweeting and fighting on behalf of these girls, their families, until the girls are safely returned. 
Tweet bringbackourgirls and tweet 
#joinrep.wilson. 
f 
THE STAPLE ACT 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, every 
year, students from around the world come to the United States to access our high-quality education and univer-sities and colleges. And many of these students obtain doctoral degrees in science, technology, engineering and math, and have job offers from numer-ous employers that need their expertise and their skills. 
However, too often, our immigration 
rules send these graduates, some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.016 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2671 April 30, 2015 
best and brightest minds who will be 
highly skilled workers and entre-preneurs, back to their home countries to become our competitors rather than helping grow and create jobs right here. 
Today, I am introducing bipartisan 
legislation, the STAPLE Act, with my colleague, Congressman M
IKEQUIGLEY , 
to help fix this problem and keep America on the forefront of innovation. The STAPLE Act will exempt recent STEM graduates with a Ph.D. with pending job offers from H–1B visa quotas. 
Mr. Speaker, our immigration sys-
tem is broken, and we must take ac-tion to ensure that the system is fair and that it keeps America competitive, and passing the STAPLE Act is a good step in the right direction. 
f 
THE OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY 
ASSESSMENT 
(Mr. M CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk about the Office of Tech-nology Assessment, the OTA. 
For 22 years, the OTA was a key non-
partisan resource for Congress as it dealt with scientific and technical pol-icy issues. The OTA was overseen by a Technical Advisory Board composed of six Senators and six Representatives, evenly split between the two parties. 
The OTA was able to provide easy-to- 
understand explanations of complex scientific issues. For example, in 1988, the OTA provided a study called ‘‘Healthy Children: Investing in the Future,’’ showing that infants with low birth weights were more susceptible to a variety of physical and mental dis-abilities. This study helped change Medicaid eligibility rules by expanding access to prenatal care to millions of women, saving lives and taxpayer money. This, and other reports, pro-vided the information needed to make reasonable policy based on scientific results. 
This Congress needs scientific guid-
ance, and I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for the reestablishment of the Office of Technology Assess-ment. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE PTC 
ELIMINATION ACT 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, if we 
are serious about making the Tax Code simpler and fairer, then we have to get rid of deadweight handouts. The PTC Elimination Act, which I have au-thored with Congressman P
OMPEO , is a 
step in that direction. The bill scales back and repeals the wind production tax credit. 
The PTC was created over 20 years 
ago to help new forms of energy get on their feet. Today, it is a largely bloated subsidy for the fully grown multi-
million-dollar wind industry. The ma-ture wind industry shouldn’t be spoon fed by taxpayers any longer. The PTC needs to end. 
By taking this no-longer-needed tax 
credit off the books, the PTC Elimi-nation Act brings fairness to our Tax Code and enhances competition. That is the kind of tax simplification we need to reinvigorate the American economy. 
f 
TRANSPACIFIC PARTNERSHIP 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, Japan’s Prime Minister addressed Congress. 
Each U.S. President has their Japan 
opening initiative. All fail, as will President Obama. 
Soothing words are what Prime Min-
ister Abe gave Congress yesterday. But here is the scorecard for U.S. trade with Japan: 
There hasn’t been a single year of 
trade surplus for our country, not even balance. Rather, over the last 20 years, we have had $1,963,654,100 trillion lost dollars; U.S. dollars that have gone to Japan from us buying their products, but their markets remain closed to ours. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is not 
a trade deal. It should be debated as a treaty. It is a foreign policy arrange-ment that is part of the shift to Asia. 
As for the trade portion of the Trans- 
Pacific Partnership, it facilitates the movement of more U.S. jobs and cor-porations into Vietnam and other na-tions in the region. Labor costs there are chasing cheap labor a third of that of China now, and will ease the move-ment of those goods back into—guess where—our country again. 
We have seen it before. It is time for 
Congress to stand up for the workers and communities of the United States of America. Let us start building back our middle class rather than keep ship-ping it out every place but here. 
f 
CELEBRATING NEW HAMPSHIRE’S 
EDUCATORS 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and give thanks to all New Hampshire’s educators as we cele-brate National Teacher Appreciation Day. 
Oftentimes our teachers don’t get the 
thanks or credit that they deserve. Granite State teachers devote their lives to providing our children with the tools, the resources, and the attention necessary to be the very best that they can be. 
It is our teachers who listen to our 
children, challenge them, and inspire them to dream the impossible. They spend countless hours devoted to pre-
paring our kids for the next challenge, whether that be passing a test or navi-gating conflict. They don’t simply pre-pare them for the grammar quiz on Fri-day; they prepare them for the events that will test them throughout their lives. 
So to all those who teach our kids 
that anything is possible with hard work and dedication, thank you. To all those who encourage our students to shoot for the stars, I say, thank you. It is because of you that our Nation re-mains the world leader of innovation, ideas, and excellence. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NATIONAL OUT-DOOR LEADERSHIP SCHOOL 
(Mrs. LUMMIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of the 50th anni-versary of the National Outdoor Lead-ership School. 
NOLS was founded in Wyoming by 
Paul Petzoldt. NOLS has taught thou-sands of Americans and people world-wide about the responsible use of the outdoors and an appreciation for out-door activities, recreation, hiking, that is unsurpassed. 
NOLS is headquartered in Wyoming, 
in Lander, and we are proud that NOLS’s mother ship is in our dear State. NOLS is a wonderful organiza-tion that provides stewardship of our natural resources in a way that teaches people how to enjoy and appreciate the outdoors. 
Congratulations, NOLS, the National 
Outdoor Leadership School, on 50 years. 
f 
b1230 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1732, REGULATORY IN-TEGRITY PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 43, DISAPPROVAL OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA REPRO-DUCTIVE HEALTH NON-DISCRIMI-NATION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 231 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 231 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1732) to pre-serve existing rights and responsibilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.018 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2672 April 30, 2015 
with respect to waters of the United States, 
and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-13 modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the concurrent resolu-tion (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference re-port shall be considered as read. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except one hour of debate. 
S
EC. 3. Section 604(g) of the District of Co-
lumbia Home Rule Act shall not apply in the case of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) dis-approving the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council in approving the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014. 
S
EC. 4. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Coun-cil in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolu-tion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-
ing minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit (if otherwise in order). 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I raise a point of order against House Resolution 231 because the resolution violates section 426(a) of the Congressional Budget Act. The res-olution contains a waiver of all points of order against consideration of H.R. 1732, which includes a waiver of section 425 of the Congressional Budget Act, which causes a violation of section 426(a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from New Jersey makes a point of order that the resolution vio-lates section 426(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974. 
The gentlewoman has met the 
threshold burden under the rule, and the gentlewoman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consider-ation as the statutory means of dis-posing of the point of order. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from New Jersey. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, when I was sworn into this Congress, there was quite a bit of fan-fare about how many women now serve in this body. But even with all of these women, this body is still 80 percent male. 
Men are running the show, and the 
sideshow that they have used to dis-tract us from the real reasons each of us was elected has been a persistent, absurd, arrogant, and ignorant effort to impede upon a woman’s right to make her own choices about her health. 
We have wasted—absolutely wasted— 
taxpayer dollars and valuable time here on the floor of the House again and again and again trying to legislate away something our highest Court con-firmed years ago. 
We could have spent that time talk-
ing about the recent rash of police bru-tality cases that have long plagued communities of color, an issue that has now caught fire in the streets of Balti-more, just a few miles north of us. 
We could have discussed the lack of 
job training programs preparing work-ers for careers in technology and health, the fastest-growing professions in an economy doing nothing for the long-term unemployed. 
We could have used this time to work 
on protecting our seniors by expanding Social Security, keeping even more older Americans out of poverty. 
We could have debated any issue that 
would offer better opportunities for our constituents, which is what each of us was elected to do. 
Instead, we put Members of Congress 
one place we have no right to be; and that is, in a woman’s uterus. Women 
are the only ones who have the right to make the inherently private health choices that they are faced with. 
Mr. Speaker, when the legislation we 
are preparing to debate came before the House Oversight Committee, I was particularly disturbed. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle gave us a slew of well-meaning arguments about why we so desperately needed to vio-late the self-rule of the District of Co-lumbia. 
One of these men, a former minister, 
explained employers, who are moved by faith to judge and persecute their em-ployees, should be free to do so. He went on to say that employers should have every right to freely exercise their faiths and that the District’s ef-fort to ensure employees don’t lose their jobs because of in vitro fertiliza-tion or birth control or any other re-productive healthcare choice was part of a ‘‘continued attack’’ on religion. 
One thing that is particularly won-
derful about this great Nation is that we offer everyone a right to have an opinion. 
As a mother, a grandmother, and a 
devoted woman of God, I couldn’t help wondering how men, who are so very adamant about forcing mothers to have these babies, could refuse to ensure they have access to care. 
The same folks calling for bills like 
this one have called for cuts to pro-grams across the spectrum that will give their children and their mothers access to education, access to healthy meals, and all kinds of tools to assure they are not stuck in the cycle of pov-erty. So once they have funneled women into the path that brings a child into the world, my colleagues would prefer to say, ‘‘God bless you,’’ and walk away. 
Mr. Speaker, the legislation this rule 
would force us to consider is absolutely wrong. It violates the will of the Dis-trict’s voters; it violates the privacy and the rights of women; and most rel-evant to this point of order, it violates rules of this body for interference in State and local governments. 
It is now my pleasure to yield such 
time as she may consume to the gen-tlelady from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), someone who recognizes 
just how awful this legislation is and the only Member whose constituents will have to deal with the outcome. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
from New Jersey for her extraordinary remarks and for her generosity in yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule has the high 
stink of both unfairness and discrimi-
nation. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted to overturn a valid local District of Columbia law but denied D.C.’s locally elected offi-cials even the courtesy of defending that law, which is aimed at keeping employers from discriminating against women and men for their private repro-ductive health decisions, the most per-sonal decisions Americans make off the job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.003 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2673 April 30, 2015 
Of critical importance, the D.C. local 
law requires that all employees carry out the mission of the organization or business, whatever its mission is. The disapproval resolution was only added to the Rules Committee agenda yester-day, literally at the same time that the committee began its meeting. And no member of the majority showed up at the hearing to defend the disapproval resolution until I noted this unprece-dented absence. The committee then hurriedly summoned the subcommittee chair, who spoke without any prepared testimony. 
No wonder—how can any American 
defend an employer who imposes his re-ligion or personal philosophical beliefs on an employee’s private reproductive matters by sanctioning the employee because the employer disagrees, for ex-ample, with an employee’s use of in vitro fertilization to become pregnant or of birth control for family planning? 
The employer has no right to even 
know about such private matters. But if he learns of an employee’s reproduc-tive preferences, the D.C. law requires that he must not use this private mat-ter to discriminate on the job. 
Not surprisingly, we do not expect 
this disapproval resolution to be con-sidered on the House floor—in the light of day—until late tonight, for fear that the American people will watch Con-gress sanction, for the first time ever, discrimination against women and men for their reproductive health decisions and see Republicans violate their own professed mantra for local control of local affairs by overturning the law of a local government for the first time in 
a quarter of a century. 
I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I claim 
the time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlelady from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the vice chairwoman of the 
Rules Committee in whose jurisdiction the unfunded mandate point of order resides. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Georgia for yielding time. 
The question before the House is, 
Should the House now consider H. Res. 231? While the resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s measures—— 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair notes a disturbance in the gal-lery in contravention of the law and the rules of the House. 
The Sergeant at Arms will remove 
those persons responsible for the dis-turbance and restore order to the gal-lery. 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina may proceed. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, while the 
resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s meas-
ures, the Committee on Rules is not aware of any violation of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This is a dila-tory tactic. 
These measures will protect our 
farmers, ranchers, and business com-munity from a massive Federal over-reach being perpetrated by the EPA, approve our FY16 budget that puts us on a path to rein in reckless spending, reform entitlement programs, and pro-tect the religious rights of D.C. em-ployers. 
As a mother, a woman, and an indi-
vidual of prayer, I am very glad that we are here today defending life and our Constitution, consistent with our congressional prerogatives. 
Mr. Speaker, our colleagues across 
the aisle act shocked that we are de-bating this issue. But what is truly shocking is that we need to be here today at all, discussing whether to grant employers in the District of Co-lumbia the rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment, but we are. 
I would further like to point out to 
our colleagues across the aisle some of the words of the second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence: 
‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evi-
dent, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are insti-tuted.’’ 
b1245 
Mr. Speaker, we are not talking 
about discrimination against people here. We are discussing the protection of innocent life. As Members of Con-gress, we have a heightened responsi-bility to protect the rights of D.C. resi-dents because the Constitution in arti-cle I, section 8 gives the Congress ex-plicit jurisdiction over the country’s seat of government. 
It is under that authority that we 
consider H.J. Res. 43, a resolution to disapprove the action of the Council of the District of Columbia in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Act of 2014, or RHNDA. 
Our country holds as its most funda-
mental freedom the right to practice freely one’s religion and associate with others who hold the same beliefs. It is unthinkable that we could allow the leadership—if you want to call it lead-ership, the people in control of Our Capital City—to infringe on that right for the millions of Americans who live or work inside its borders. But that is what RHNDA does. 
It tells churches, religious schools, 
and advocacy organizations that they may not make employment decisions based on their own core principles, in-cluding the respect for precious unborn life, a principle that is central to many of these groups’ entire belief system. 
Cloaked in language purporting to 
prohibit discrimination and promote tolerance, this law targets these orga-
nizations and tramples their rights to exercise their views on the respect for life. 
In truth, Mr. Speaker, this law dis-
criminates against and promotes intol-erance of anyone who disagrees with the world view of the majority of the D.C. City Council. It is not discrimina-tory for a church or religious school to believe and preach that life begins at conception. It is not discriminatory to practice these deeply held beliefs; that is, unless you are in the District of Co-lumbia. 
Mr. Speaker, this law may force reli-
gious organizations to relocate outside the District of Columbia in order to protect their rights. Given the clear hostility the City Council has shown them and what we have heard on this floor today, that may, in fact, be the ultimate goal. 
When we take our oath of office as 
Representatives, we promise to protect and defend the Constitution. That in-cludes protection of religious freedoms, and it is why I support H.J. Res. 43 which disapproves RHNDA. 
In order to allow the House to con-
tinue its scheduled business for the day, Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consider-ation of the resolution. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
The question is, Will the House now 
consider the resolution? 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 174, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 179] 
YEAS—240 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.047 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2674 April 30, 2015 
Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Black Ca´rdenas 
Clay Fudge Gohmert Hudson Jackson Lee 
Johnson (GA) Kildee Langevin Lewis Payne Quigley 
Roskam Rush Shuster Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1312 
Ms. D EGETTE, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, 
and Ms. WILSON of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. PALAZZO changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the question of consideration was 
decided in the affirmative. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
b1315 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ESTMORELAND ). The gentleman from 
Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, this is 
House Resolution 231 down here today. I have got a copy right here. It has been so long since the Reading Clerk read this to us that folks may have for-gotten. This represents a lot of what I would argue is best about this institu-tion, and I want to take a little pride and tell folks about what the Rules Committee has been working on. 
It makes in order H.R. 1732, the Regu-
latory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. 
As you may know, Mr. Speaker, the 
EPA and others are hard at work, I would argue, at trying to exert brand- new jurisdiction over waters currently regulated by the State of Georgia. It is the largest power grab over water I have seen in my lifetime and, I would argue, in the history of the Republic. This bill aims to roll that back. Yet, as the committee reported it, there are always other folks who have ideas, so what the Rules Committee did is to make in order every single Democratic 
amendment that was offered to this resolution. 
If we vote to support this rule today, 
we will consider this bill. The House will work its will, and it will work its will by considering every single Demo-cratic alternative that was offered. I think that is an important step. It is going to make the legislation better when we move it to final passage, and I am glad this rule provides for that. I hope folks will support that underlying rule. 
Passing this rule today will make in 
order S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
Mr. Speaker, I almost feel like I need 
to explain what a concurrent resolu-tion on the budget is because, if you are like more than half the Members of this House, you have never seen one be-fore. More than half the Members of this House have never served when the United States of America got together and passed a budget. It is outrageous, Mr. Speaker. That was yesterday that it was outrageous, and today is about the opportunity to do this. 
The House worked its will on the 
budget. You will remember, Mr. Speak-er, the Rules Committee made in order every single budget alternative that was offered, both Republican and Dem-ocrat. The House debated. The House worked its will. We passed a product. We worked that product out with the Senate. If we pass this rule today, Mr. Speaker, it will be in order to debate the first concurrent budget in my con-gressional tenure—these two terms— and the first balanced budget since 2001, but only if we make this rule in order. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, is H.J. Res. 43, 
disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council, that this rule will make in order. 
Now, for folks who don’t follow that, 
we don’t see it that often. In fact, since Republicans first took over Congress for the first time in 40 years back in 1994, we have never seen one of these resolutions before. It is the first one, but it comes from the District of Co-lumbia Home Rule Act. As you know, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution dele-gates to Congress all of the authority for governing the District of Columbia. It is article I, section 8. All of the au-thority for the governing of the Dis-trict of Columbia lies in this body. 
In 1974, we passed the D.C. Home Rule 
Act, which allowed for the coordinated governance of D.C., and it included this resolution of disapproval allowing Con-gress to come back and reject actions that the District of Columbia has taken. Again, folks will not have seen this unless you were in Congress in 1991 when Democrats were controlling the House and Democrats were controlling the Senate. Unless you were here then, you would not have seen one of these resolutions passed. It was last passed in 1991 with folks rejecting the delib-erations of the D.C. Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.004 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2675 April 30, 2015 
This rule makes in order the consid-
eration of that joint resolution again today. It is exactly what was con-templated when, for the very first time in the history of the United States of America, the Congress delegated some of the power of controlling the District of Columbia to the city itself. In the language that designated that author-ity to begin with, it provided for this resolution of disapproval. For the first time in almost 20 years, this House is considering one of those today. 
That is what you get in this rule, Mr. 
Speaker. It provides for debate on all of the Democratic amendments offered; it provides for debate on those bills that are exactly as the D.C. Home Rule Act anticipated; and it provides for debate on the first conferenced budget that most Members in this House have ever seen. It is a shame this is the first time we have had an opportunity to do it, but, golly, is it exciting that we have an opportunity to do that together today. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me 
the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for the consideration of three unrelated pieces of legislation: a Re-publican budget conference report, an anti-Clean Water Act bill, and a resolu-tion to interfere with the decisions of the District of Columbia’s city council and a bill that limits women’s repro-ductive health rights. 
The budget conference report was 
filed only minutes before the Rules Committee met yesterday, only min-utes before the committee formally convened. It was a 100-page conference report that was negotiated in secret by the Republicans, and it was brought be-fore the Rules Committee before any-body had a chance to read it. What ever happened to ‘‘read the bill’’? Whatever happened to the pledge for a more open and transparent Congress? It would be nice if all Members, Democrats and Re-publicans, had the opportunity to care-fully review the legislation they are asked to vote on, especially when it comes to a document that provides a blueprint for funding the Federal Gov-ernment and reforming our social safe-ty net programs. 
If that weren’t bad enough, the ma-
jority claims that this budget con-ference report is something to be proud of. Mr. Speaker, this is nothing to be proud of. It is shameful. It is shameful in terms of process, and it is shameful in terms of substance. Budgets should be moral documents. They provide our constituents with a clear picture of who we are, of what our priorities are, how we should govern, where we want this country to go. They represent our values, but the values that this budget 
represents, I would argue, are not the values of working families in this country, and they are not the values of those who are struggling to get out of poverty. They may be the values of corporate special interests or of very wealthy individuals in this country, but they don’t represent the values of the majority of people in this country. 
This partisan Republican budget 
takes us in the wrong direction. It cuts $5.5 trillion in funding through a series of unrealistic spending cuts, math magic, and gimmicks. It asks nothing of the wealthiest among us, proposes no elimination of special interest tax breaks, and continues us down the ter-ribly misguided path created by seques-tration. In fact, to be honest, Mr. Speaker, this budget basically provides us a pathway to do not a lot of any-thing, really. 
We already know that, unless we deal 
with the issue of sequestration, our colleagues in the United States Senate are going to block all of the appropria-tions bills. We know that the President will not sign any appropriations bills that lock us into sequestration. Maybe what we should be doing, rather than wasting time, is fixing sequestration, but my Republican friends have been very good at wasting time and at wast-ing taxpayer dollars, and that is what we are doing today. 
The Republican budget conference re-
port proposes to end the Medicare guarantee and turn it into a voucher program. It turns Medicaid and CHIP into a capped block grant. It elimi-nates $85 million from Pell grants. It cuts investments in research and in in-frastructure. The budget resolution builds upon the draconian $125 billion cut to SNAP, which is the Nation’s pre-mier antihunger program that was con-tained in the House budget. To achieve a cut of that magnitude by block granting the program and capping its allotment means that States will be forced to cut benefits or kick eligible individuals and families off the pro-gram. 
Boy, isn’t that a nice value that we 
are promoting here—throwing poor people off of a food benefit. Just be-cause the conference report is vague on some details or leaves out a few key buzzwords doesn’t mean that it pro-tects programs for the poor. Unfortu-nately, this Republican Congress has shown time and time again that it plans to balance the budgets on the backs of the poor and working class Americans. 
The conference report also includes 
reconciliation instructions to repeal the Affordable Care Act without pro-posing an alternative to ensure the 16 million people who have gained health coverage under the ACA are able to re-main insured. That is right. If the Re-publicans get their way, being a woman is, once again, a preexisting condition, and preventative care goes away. Sim-ply, the progress that we have made over the past few years disappears. Senior citizens will see their prescrip-
tion costs increase. In budgetary terms, we will be worse off when re-pealing the Affordable Care Act be-cause it will result in higher medical costs and sicker people. It is just that simple. It is a bad idea, but it is a good sound bite, I guess. 
Despite claims by my friends in the 
majority, this budget does not balance. It nowhere near balances. In fact, Mr. Speaker, it is filled with gimmicks and contains the very dangerous addiction Congress has for deficit spending by further increasing funds for the over-seas contingency operations account, or OCO. Not only does this budget in-crease the OCO’s war spending, but it also facilitates using the OCO as a slush fund for items that should be funded in the base budget. Everything in OCO is on the national credit card. None of it is an emergency. It is deficit spending, pure and simple. 
I commend my colleagues on the Re-
publican side who are raising a little hell about this kind of budget gimmick that is going on. This is outrageous. While we continue to pump up the def-icit and to pump up the OCO account, we watch our roads and our bridges and our water systems crumble for lack of funding, and we starve our education and our job training and innovation programs. 
Mr. Speaker, those are just a few of 
the outrages contained in the Repub-lican budget. We are still in the process of combing through the 100-page docu-ment that was just filed yesterday, and I am sure there will be additional issues that we will want to raise. 
In addition to this awful budget, to-
day’s rule also provides for the consid-eration of H.R. 1732 and H.J. Res. 43. 
H.R. 1732, Mr. Speaker, would basi-
cally force the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to withdraw its pro-posed rule on Clean Water Act jurisdic-tional boundaries and start the rule-making process over again from scratch. Mr. Speaker, the current rule-making process should be allowed to move forward. The EPA and the Army Corps have painstakingly engaged in an extensive stakeholder outreach and public comment process. They are doing their jobs. The rule is grounded in sound science. H.R. 1732 would cause further confusion, and it would end up delaying essential clean water projects for future generations, not to mention, Mr. Speaker, that a rider in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, which is being considered by this House today, would prohibit the Army Corps from spending any money to propose a new rule. 
In one bill, my friends basically null 
and void what the bill we are going to debate today is intended to do. Frank-ly, Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed in this partisan approach that the major-ity has taken with regard to clean water legislation and environmental protection legislation. 
There is another bill in here, Mr. 
Speaker, and I just want to say a few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.027 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2676 April 30, 2015 
words about that. It is H.J. Res. 43, dis-
approving the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act. 
Mr. Speaker, the D.C. Reproductive 
Health Non-Discrimination Act is scheduled to take effect this Saturday. The law passed unanimously by the D.C. City Council. This would protect 
employees who work in the District of Columbia from workplace discrimina-tion based on their personal reproduc-tive healthcare decisions. The bill is about basic fairness. People should be judged at work based on their perform-ances, not on their personal, private re-productive healthcare decisions. But House Republicans cannot pass up an opportunity to meddle in personal re-productive decisions or in D.C.’s right to govern itself. 
The resolution before us, H.J. Res. 43, 
would prevent the law from going into effect. In doing so, it would allow an employer to fire a woman because she used in vitro fertilization or to demote an employee because she used birth control pills or because her husband used condoms or to pay an employee less because his daughter became preg-nant out of wedlock. 
b1330 
In other words, we are a few months 
into 2015, a year-and-a-half away from the Presidential election, and the Re-publicans are already restarting their war on women. Sometimes it feels like this Congress is stuck in the mindset of 1815 rather than 2015. 
Let my colleagues make no mistake 
about this: H.J. Res. 43 is about legiti-mizing discrimination. Enough al-ready. 
Mr. Speaker, earlier the gentlelady 
from North Carolina, my colleague on the Committee on Rules, came on the floor and said we in Congress need to protect the citizens of D.C. Protect them from what? From their own democratic process? Give me a break. Let me tell my Republican colleagues, the citizens of D.C. don’t want your protection or your interference. They want this Congress to respect them and their decisions. 
Mr. Speaker, this is another lousy 
piece of legislation that really shouldn’t be here on the House floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlelady 
from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the House should focus on 
America’s priorities instead of resum-ing the attack on women’s health. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment for the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment in the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of working men and women instead of an-other attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Ms. L
EE) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the House should 
focus on real priorities like elimi-nating poverty instead of another at-tack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of America, like jobs, jobs, jobs, instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Ms. B
ASS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the House should 
focus on the real priorities of the coun-try instead of another attack on wom-en’s health care in Washington, D.C. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent to insert 
my statement in the R ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for a unanimous 
consent request. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the 
House should focus on jobs and the economy, the real priorities of the American people, instead of another at-tack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment into the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement into the R
ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of the American people instead of another attack on women’s health. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment in the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of the American people—job creation and getting a stronger economy—rather than attacking women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. L
UJAN GRISHAM ) for the purpose of 
a unanimous consent request, 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will first make an announce-ment. 
The Chair would advise Members 
that although a unanimous consent re-quest to insert remarks in debate may comprise a simple, declarative state-ment of the Member’s attitude toward the pending measure, embellishments beyond that standard constitute debate and can become an imposition on the time of the Member who has yielded for that purpose. 
The Chair will entertain as many re-
quests to insert as may be necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.028 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2677 April 30, 2015 
accommodate Members, but the Chair 
also must ask Members to cooperate by confining such remarks to the proper form. 
The gentlewoman from New Mexico 
is recognized. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to insert my statement into the R
ECORD that the House should 
focus on the real priorities of Ameri-cans instead of another attack on wom-en’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Mexico? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for the purpose 
of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD  
that the House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of an-other attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) for the pur-
pose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD  
that the House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of an-other attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for the 
purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement into the R
ECORD , and the House should be 
focusing on the real priorities facing Americans: the economy. They should not be rolling back women’s access to health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman will be charged. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment in the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Connecticut? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment in the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD  
that the House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of an-other attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment into the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on real priorities of Amer-icans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of America instead of another at-tack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), the ranking member 
on the Committee on Rules, for the purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my state-ment in the R
ECORD that the House 
should focus on real priorities of Amer-icans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) for the purpose of a unan-
imous consent request. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H
AHN) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent to insert my statement in the R
ECORD that the House should 
focus on the real priorities of Ameri-cans instead of another attack on wom-en’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our Demo-
cratic leader, for the purpose of a unan-imous consent request. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I ask unanimous consent to insert 
my statement in the R
ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real prior-ities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this 
point I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the gentlelady from Mis-souri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), one of our young 
leaders in this Chamber. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for all the work that he has done to protect life and religious freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express 
my strong disapproval of religious dis-crimination in the District of Colum-bia’s local government. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the founding 
principles of our great country is the freedom to worship without govern-ment interference. Our forefathers fought and died for that liberty, and I stand before you today to make sure they did not die in vain. 
The law passed by the D.C. City 
Council attacks the core religious be-liefs of faith-based organizations, schools, and pro-life advocates. Under this law, these groups could be forced to pay for health services that are in direct conflict with their fundamental religious beliefs. Under this law, a D.C.-based nonprofit whose sole mis-sion is to end abortion could be forced to pay for abortion services. This is not only unacceptable but stands in direct opposition to the Constitution and Federal law. 
This is why I am proud to cosponsor 
Congresswoman B
LACK ’s resolution 
that formally expresses Congress’ dis-approval of the D.C. pro-abortion law. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.030 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2678 April 30, 2015 
stand here to defend the rights of reli-
gious institutions and pro-life compa-nies to honor their faith and respect the sanctity of life. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that life is our 
greatest gift. I admire the work that many of these faith-based and pro-life organizations do to change the hearts and the minds in this abortion debate, and I will not stand idly by to watch their religious freedoms trampled. I urge my colleagues to do the same and vote in favor of this resolution. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say for the 
record, I strongly disagree with what the gentlelady just said, and we will have some more time to talk about that, but I want to go to kind of a dif-ferent subject right now. 
For those who are watching these 
proceedings, it may be a little con-fusing because we are jumping around to different subjects, but my Repub-lican friends have this new kind of ploy to limit and stifle debate, and that is pack as many bills into one rule at a time so that you can limit the amount of participation and debate, which, again, runs contrary to what the peo-ple’s House is supposed to be about. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to ask at the end 
of all this that we defeat the previous question, and then I will offer an amendment to the rule that would grant the House an opportunity to con-sider a budget that rejects the mindless sequester cuts in critical services and instead adopt a plan to put the budget on a fiscally responsible path by mak-ing responsible, targeted spending cuts, and by closing special interest tax breaks that benefit only the very wealthiest. It would make necessary investments to boost the economy and create jobs, protect national security, and preserve the Medicare guarantee. 
To discuss this proposal, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), a member of the 
Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. YARMUTH. I thank my col-
league from Massachusetts for yield-ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule, primarily because of the gim-mickry and the coldheartedness of the conference budget. It is not just myself who has understood the tricks and gim-micks that were used to formulate this so-called balanced budget, which doesn’t, of course, balance. 
It is kind of like if I had gone out and 
said I am going to spend $2,000 on a cheap racehorse. This is the weekend of the Kentucky Derby. I am going to go out and buy a cheap racehorse, and I am going to enter it in the Kentucky Derby. The horse is going to win the Kentucky Derby, and then I take that prize money from the Kentucky Derby—I might even be so bold as to predict it is going to win the Triple Crown, and I take all that money and put it in my budget as if I had actually done it. That is the way this budget was constructed. But, again, it is not just me. Vir-
tually everyone who has looked at this budget—detached, impartial observ-ers—says this is not legitimate budg-eting. The Committee for a Respon-sible Federal Budget noted that the House budget uses ‘‘several budget gimmicks that circumvent budget dis-cipline,’’ adding that ‘‘the details are in some ways unrealistic and unspec-ified.’’ 
b1345 
The CRFB also observed about the 
Senate budget, ‘‘Disappointingly, many of the savings are unrealistic or lack specificity.’’ 
Taxpayers for Common Sense said, 
‘‘This isn’t budgeting, it’s gimmickry.’’ 
The Fiscal Times noted that ‘‘there 
is a widely held belief among many Federal budget watchers that Repub-licans had to resort to budgetary smoke and mirrors to create a pathway to a balanced budget.’’ 
While my friend from Georgia and 
other members of the Rules Committee and the Budget Committee are praising the fact that they were able to con-struct a budget that balances the first time since 2001, it doesn’t balance. 
For instance, what it does is it elimi-
nates, repeals—or calls for the repeal— of the Affordable Care Act and then takes all of the savings and revenues from the Affordable Care Act and counts that as a way to add $2 trillion to the positive side of their budget over 10 years. 
That is not accurate budgeting. That 
is gimmickry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gen-
tleman from Kentucky an additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. YARMUTH. I thank my col-
league. 
That is not legitimate budgeting. 
That is just fantasy. That is really what the budget is about. 
Unfortunately, though, there is a 
very cruel side to this budget. As my friend from Massachusetts said, this does real damage to the American peo-ple. It does damage to hard-working families who are trying to get ahead. It actually ends up being a tax increase on hard-working American families. 
It repeals the Affordable Care Act, 
and I just want to talk a little bit about what the Affordable Care Act has done in my State because, if this were to actually happen, here is what the impact on my citizens would be. 
In Kentucky, according to the 
DeLoitte professional services firm that did an audit of Kentucky’s experi-ence and a projection over the next 6 years, the Affordable Care Act will con-tribute $30 billion of additional eco-nomic activity in the State, create 44,000 jobs, and have a positive impact on the Kentucky State budget of $850 million. That is in one State. 
If you repeal the Affordable Care Act, 
not only do you do great damage to the health of Americans, taking insurance away from 16.5 million—in my State, 
550,000 who have gained insurance just in the last year and a half—but you are doing real damage to our education, to our infrastructure, to our investment in research, to our seniors. Under this bill, seniors will suffer a great finan-cial hardship, as well as a loss of bene-fits. 
There is real damage, as I said, to be 
done with this budget, but I think the most disturbing part of the entire de-bate is the fact that this is not a budg-et that balances. Yes, the numbers at the end on the plus and negative side add up. 
They actually match after 10 years, 
but all of the bases for getting there is about as reliable as, again, if I bought that racehorse and said I am going to win the Kentucky Derby and counted those winnings before that race was ever run. 
I oppose the rule on the basis of this 
conference report on the budget. I think it does great damage to the United States. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the rule. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), a member of the Ways 
and Means Committee. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I thank my 
colleague for his leadership today and every day. I really appreciate that. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
rule and, more broadly, H.J. Res. 43, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for her leadership and her conviction on this issue. 
We all want to protect the free 
speech and beliefs of all Americans, but too often, the line is drawn to discrimi-nate against those with pro-life views. Ironically, this is often done under the guise of antidiscrimination, which is exactly what has happened in the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
Under the recently passed ordinance, 
religious institutions and other pro-life employers in our Nation’s Capital could be forced to make decisions that violate their deeply held religious be-liefs. 
Despite the Supreme Court ruling in 
Hobby Lobby, for instance, under this ordinance, religious employers could be compelled to cover elective abortions in their healthcare coverage or face discrimination charges. 
It would also prevent faith-based em-
ployers from taking actions against employees who participate in activities that run counter to the mission of that organization. For instance, a pro-life crisis pregnancy center couldn’t termi-nate an employee who undermines their cause by volunteering at an abor-tion clinic. 
As a strong pro-life individual my-
self, it boggles my mind that the gov-ernment could force like-minded indi-viduals to violate their conscience in such ways. Frankly, no American should be comfortable with such dis-crimination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.031 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2679 April 30, 2015 
We must take swift action to stop 
this ordinance, and I urge my col-leagues to support this resolution. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, this Nation is founded 
on two simple and powerful principles, liberty and equality. 
In the 18th century, our Founding 
Fathers saw liberty as freedom from the dictates of a tyrannical govern-ment and fought to the death to pro-tect it. What they could not foresee is a modern form of tyranny, the tyranny of employers who seek to impose their beliefs on their employees and control their personal decisions. 
I am saddened that, today, my Re-
publican colleagues are bringing up yet another bill to enable employers to control their private, personal deci-sions of their employees. Today, this body may, with a single vote, strip over 650,000 American citizens of their essential liberty to make their own choices about their health care and their families. 
Make no mistake, the District of Co-
lumbia’s new law, the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act, is 
about liberty. We are not talking about an employer who objects to paying for insurance that covers contraception. 
D.C. passed this law to protect the 
citizens from an employer who tells a woman that she will be fired for using contraception or for using in vitro fer-tilization to start a family or for en-gaging in any other conduct that vio-lates the employer’s religious beliefs. 
The D.C. law we are asked to over-
turn says your employer should not be able to impose his religious beliefs on you. You should not be fired because your religious beliefs differ from those of your employer. The D.C. law pro-tects religious liberty. The disapproval resolution imposes religious coercion. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle who claim so vociferously to support freedom and liberty stand here today and say to the American people: you do not have the right to make de-cisions about when and how to start a family; your employer has the right to make those decisions for you. 
I challenge any Member of this body 
to go home this weekend and explain that to their constituents and why they must now live under the yoke of their employer’s tyranny. The Amer-ican people will not stand for it, and we must not stand for it today. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this rule and ‘‘no’’ on the disapproval resolution. We must send a strong mes-sage to the American people that free-dom and religious liberty still exist in this country. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ), a member of the 
class of 2010, and a public servant. 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. I appreciate my 
colleague from Georgia yielding me time to discuss this rule and the under-
lying issue. 
I do want to report that it was 229 
years ago that the Virginia General As-sembly ratified the Virginia statute for religious freedom. This was authored by Thomas Jefferson. The statute serves as the model for the free exer-cise clause in our First Amendment. This is what it said: 
No man shall . . . suffer on account of his 
religious opinions or belief, but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument, to maintain, their opinions in matters of reli-gion. 
Mr. Speaker, religious freedom is a 
fundamental human right protected by our First Amendment. It is essential to our free and flourishing society. Our Nation was found, in part, by individ-uals seeking refuge from religious per-secution, from religious discrimina-tion. For these pioneers and for all to come after, America was meant to be a permanent fortress of liberty and free-dom for all who live within its walls. 
At its essence, the concept of reli-
gious freedom is about much more than religion. It is much more than just showing up to worship service 1 day or 1 night a week. It is about our funda-mental human right to hold our own beliefs and to live out our lives accord-ing to these faiths. 
Religious freedom, quite simply, is 
about freedom itself. This is why the very first part of the very First Amendment to our Constitution is about religious freedom. It is our first and most cherished liberty. 
However, our ability to be free to live 
out the convictions of our faith not only in the public square, but also in the privacy of our own homes, in our churches, in our businesses, is in jeop-ardy right here in our Nation’s Capital. 
The misleading name RHNDA is 
nothing more than a legalized discrimi-nation. If allowed to go in effect, the government would force pro-life orga-nizations, pro-life ministries, pro-life business, pro-life churches, pro-life in-dividuals in the District to violate the very heart of their lives and their work and be coerced into paying for abortion on demand and be forced to hire antilife individuals who actually pro-mote abortion. As a Catholic and as an American, I am offended by such coer-cion. 
Now is the time for Congress to stand 
up against this direct assault on our freedom of religion, our freedom of as-sociation, and our freedom of speech. 
I encourage my colleagues to join me 
and honor our constitutional oath of office by adopting this rule and passing H.J. Res. 43. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a member of the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
from Massachusetts for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
many Democrats who have rallied to the defense of reproductive health deci-
sions of men and women in the District of Columbia, especially since this is a resolution to overturn a District of Co-lumbia law that everyone in this Chamber will be able to vote on, except me. 
I wish to respond to a set of untruths 
you have heard from the other side that, for example, the D.C. law is an as-sault on religion. On the contrary, it protects an employer’s religious be-liefs. He can hold those religious be-liefs if that is part of what his organi-zation does. The employee must advo-cate those beliefs. Whatever the orga-nization or business, the employee must advocate the employer’s views, not his own. What the employer cannot do is to go into the employee’s bed-room to find out what kind of repro-ductive choices he makes on his own as a private matter. 
Abortion has been raised as if it were 
in this bill. In fact, just the opposite— the D.C. law makes it clear that insur-ance is not involved, paying for abor-tion is not involved. 
Republicans have done almost the in-
conceivable. They have resumed, with this disapproval resolution, the war on women, by adding men. 
The D.C. law protects all employees 
from job discrimination by the em-ployer for their reproductive health choices. For example, if the employer discriminates against a male employee who has contributed sperm for in vitro fertilization to help his wife become 
pregnant, that male employee is also protected. 
There has been an attempt to tie the 
D.C. law to abortion; but, if an em-ployee refuses to carry out—indeed, to advocate—the mission of the organiza-tion that opposes abortion, then that employee can be fired. 
In fact, you can ask that employee 
before that employee is hired: Will you advocate vigorously against abortion the way this organization does? That employee must say yes, or that em-ployee may not insist on any right to be hired. 
Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to note 
that the manager of this bill never de-fended the bill on the merits; instead, he defended the tyranny of Federal power over local matters. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. NORTON. The Home Rule Act, in 
its terms, Mr. Speaker, does not—and it says so—envision overturning local law, and it says so in its terms. There are only a few matters that the Home Rule Act mentions that cannot be en-acted, and the matter on the floor is not one of them. 
Republicans have been champions for 
federalism and local control; yet they are trying to impose their own pref-erences on a local jurisdiction whose Member cannot even vote for or against it. This is a double whammy. 
Their goal here is to resume the war 
on women. The predicate for getting to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.032 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2680 April 30, 2015 
the Nation’s women is the D.C. Home 
Rule Act. It goes after D.C.’s right to self-government and women at the same time. 
The coming attraction in your dis-
trict is that this bill or a version of it is pending all over the country. Stop it here, or it will spread throughout the United States of America. 
b1400 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time it is my great pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), the vice 
chairman of the Rules Committee. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
thank my colleague from Georgia for the great leadership he shows in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, our colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle have made many comments. Some of them, I am going 
to do my best to refute comment by comment; others, I am just going to talk about in general. 
Their one charge is that Congress 
should stay out of the business of gov-erning D.C. Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress ex-plicit jurisdiction over the country’s seat of government. The extent to which Congress should oversee or inter-vene in the governance of the District is a debate for another day, but it is clearly our responsibility. 
Current law compels congressional 
oversight, and we must exercise re-sponsibly that jurisdiction. That in-cludes acting to stop legislation that clearly violates the constitutional free-doms of the citizens of the District. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to note 
that women are protected by law, both Federal and D.C., from discrimination on the basis of pregnancy. Their per-sonal medical decisions are also pri-vate under HIPAA protections. 
This discussion is not about how 
someone chooses to conduct their per-sonal affairs. It is about whether the D.C. government may force an organi-zation to hire, retain, and promote someone who actively opposes their central mission and core beliefs. 
Pro-life groups, religious organiza-
tions, and Republicans, are not the only ones to see significant problems with RHNDA. Even former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray cautioned that RHNDA goes too far, and called the bill ‘‘le-gally insufficient’’ and ‘‘legally prob-lematic.’’ 
Whatever his position may be on life 
issues, he recognized that the approach taken by the City Council does not ade-quately protect free exercise. He fur-ther noted that the measure ‘‘raises se-rious concerns under the Constitution and under the Religions Freedom Res-toration Act.’’ 
The District’s own attorney general 
also expressed concerns that ‘‘religious organizations, religiously affiliated or-ganizations, religiously-driven for-prof-it entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them.’’ The D.C. Council’s cavalier attitude 
toward the constitutional rights pro-tecting religious practice and belief is deeply troubling. Unfortunately, RHNDA is a harbinger of continued ef-forts to undermine the right of free ex-ercise and association. 
RHNDA denies these fundamental 
rights to pro-life organizations and re-ligious groups who do not fit the nar-row definition of ‘‘ministers’’ exempted from the D.C. law. Under this law, these organizations can be forced to hire, retain, and promote individuals who work actively against their cen-tral mission and core beliefs. 
The clear and shameless targeting of 
these organizations must be opposed by anyone who values the rights guaran-teed to us by the First Amendment. 
Mr. Speaker, our oath of office re-
quires us to preserve, protect, and de-fend the Constitution of the United States. 
The Supreme Court ruled unani-
mously in 2012 that religious organiza-tions have the right to hire individuals that support their mission, saying: ‘‘The interest of society in the enforce-ment of employment discrimination statutes is undoubtedly important. But so, too, is the interest of religious groups in choosing who will preach their beliefs, teach their faith, and carry out their mission . . . The church must be free to choose those who will guide it on its way.’’ 
Consistent with our oath of office, I 
commend this rule and disapproval res-olution for our support. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY ), a member of the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is extreme, and it is an outrage to women everywhere. The Republican majority is saying with this resolution that they think a woman’s employer has a say in the woman’s reproductive healthcare choices, even though the Supreme Court, the Constitution, and women all across this country know that they don’t. 
It is bad enough that the majority 
party believes your boss should dictate whether your healthcare plan covers birth control. Now they want to make sure your boss has the right to fire you just for using birth control. 
If that was all they were saying, that 
is outrageous enough, but it is not. This resolution would actually give employers the right to fire an em-ployee for the reproductive healthcare choices of their spouses, or even their children. 
Think about it. The other side is say-
ing that it is all right to fire someone because their boss doesn’t like their wife’s, or even their children’s, healthcare choices. Talk about re-stricting someone’s rights. 
It would take away a whole range of 
women’s private decisions and make them fireable offenses. In vitro fer-
tilization, you are fired. Exercising your right to choose, you are fired. You have a daughter on birth control, you are fired. 
This is outrageous, ridiculous, and 
totally unacceptable. It is an insult to women everywhere. And even more amazing is that this resolution is being proposed by the so-called party of states’ rights. 
They are not proposing a Federal 
law. They are taking away the rights of a locality, the District, Washington, D.C., which is larger than some States and has a population larger than most States. 
This is a new low in this Congress. I 
urge a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, for folks who were just 
turning on the TVs back in their office, they may think we are in the middle of issue debate right now—not the case. We can get into issue debate as soon as we pass this rule to begin that debate. 
What makes me so proud about the 
work that we do in the Rules Com-mittee is that it makes in order the ability to have these kinds of in-depth discussions. 
We can’t have this kind of discussion 
right here—there are three topics in this bill—because these three topics in this bill will come later in the day, each being discussed individually. 
I will go back to where I began, Mr. 
Speaker. We are exercising responsibil-ities of the Constitution under Article I, section 8, that require us to do over-sight on the District of Columbia. Similarly, we are pushing back on ex-ecutive overreach in H.R. 1732, the Reg-ulatory Integrity Protection Act. That is that big Federal grab over all the water that our States are currently regulating. And finally, we will be bringing up that balanced budget, the first reconciled budget that most in this Chamber have ever seen. 
This rule makes that debate possible. 
It will be a free and open debate on the budget, as we allowed every single budget to be debated earlier on this floor, it is going to be an open debate on H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, where the Rules Com-mittee made in order every Democratic suggestion that was offered there, every amendment that came before the Rules Committee. And it will be an up- or-down vote after debate on H.J. Res. 43, the resolution of disapproval, as the very 1974 act that provided for self-gov-ernance of the District of Columbia an-ticipated. 
If we pass this rule, Mr. Speaker, we 
can get into that substance, and I look forward to a robust debate on all three of those topics. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. Thank you, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
for your leadership and for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.050 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2681 April 30, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this rule and to H.J. Res. 43. This bill would undermine the Dis-trict’s Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Act, which would protect employees who work in the District from workplace discrimination based on the employee’s personal reproduc-tive healthcare decisions. 
For example, this includes prohib-
iting an employer from firing an em-ployee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control. 
Simply put, this rule and bill is yet 
another Republican attack on women’s access to health care and another bat-tle in the war on women. And of course, as always, you target the women of the District of Columbia to set a standard for the rest of the coun-try. 
What in the world is the connection 
between your private healthcare deci-sions and job performance? This is so cynical. It is so wrong. No woman should have an employer or a politician interfering in her personal health deci-sions. 
The D.C. government has a right to 
determine how they want to protect their workers. Employees should be evaluated at work based on their per-formance, not on their personal and private reproductive healthcare deci-sions. 
The District of Columbia seeks basic 
fairness for its women, and this rule and this resolution are outrageous. It is undemocratic and, once again, ig-nores the Home Rule Act. Yes, Con-gress should not be dictating any pol-icy to the District of Columbia. This debate has been held. The Home Rule Act was passed in 1973. 
Instead of undermining the law that 
seeks to protect the citizens and women of D.C. from discrimination based on their private reproductive healthcare decisions, we should be get-ting back to the real business that Congress needs to address, like strengthening our economy, lifting families out of poverty, criminal jus-tice reform, and creating job opportu-nities for all. 
So let’s defeat this. Let’s support the 
District of Columbia and its decisions. Let’s respect them. Let’s respect the women of the District of Columbia. They, too, have that right. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would 
advise my friend from Massachusetts I do not have any further speakers re-maining, and I would inquire if he has any further speakers remaining. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I do, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Thank 
you to the gentleman from Worcester for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
opposition to this rule and its assault on Americans’ reproductive health rights. All women should have the right to make their own healthcare de-cisions without fear of losing their 
jobs. 
With reports of women being fired for 
undergoing in vitro fertilization and being fired for being a single mom, the City Council of Washington, D.C. passed a resolution to ban workplace discrimination based on personal repro-ductive healthcare decisions. 
This joint resolution does not in-
fringe on religious liberty. It ensures the freedom to practice individual reli-gious and moral beliefs. This decision of the D.C. Council will protect women and ensure that reproductive health de-cisions are made by women and not their employers and not corporations. 
It is 2015, and I would love for Con-
gress to be debating women in the workplace. We should be talking about how we achieve equal pay, how we in-crease paid sick leave, and how to help working families make ends meet. We should not be stripping away the progress that has already been made. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote against this rule. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, can I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄4 
minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Georgia has 12
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
11⁄4quarter minutes to the gentle-
woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good 
friend, because I would like to correct some misstatements from the other side. 
Mr. Speaker, the former Mayor and 
the former Attorney General never de-tailed what their concern was, but just in case, the District passed an amend-ment that made it clear that insurance and abortion are not covered by this bill. 
I want to be explicit. 
b1415 
A pro-life organization is not re-
quired to hire someone who advocates against abortion. An employee must carry out and must advocate whatever is the mission of the organization. 
This bill has an exception for organi-
zations’ religious and political views. Both must be carried out. 
The 1973 Home Rule Act has not 
come to this floor before because only three times in 25 years has it been taken up, and that was mostly because D.C. mistakenly wandered into Federal matters. That is why this Federal au-thority was retained in the House of Representatives and in the Senate, not to overturn local law whenever the other side simply disagreed with it. 
I thank my friend from Massachu-
setts for yielding. 
Mr. WOODALL. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R ECORD along with extra-
neous materials immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I just wanted to make that clear before I continue here. 
Mr. Speaker, it is frustrating to come 
to the floor and have to squeeze into a very short period of time three dif-ferent bills on one rule. These are three very controversial bills. 
You have heard about the bill that 
essentially is a war on women in the District of Columbia, that denies women and men their privacy and their right to reproductive health care. We have a bill in here also that essentially tries to gut the Clean Water Act, which is very controversial and has a very di-rect impact on the health and well- being of the people of this country. And then we have this budget that was filed minutes before the Rules Committee met. Nobody read it. 
I should also point out that the Rules 
Committee reports that, although the resolution waives all points of order against provisions in H.J. Res. 43, the committee is not aware of any point of order. Well, one of the points of order is the 3-day layover, which is being vio-lated, so the committee is waiving a point of order with regard to that. 
Look, we should be debating an im-
migration reform bill. We should be de-bating a pay equity bill. We should be debating an increase in the minimum wage. We should be debating a com-prehensive long-term highway and transportation reauthorization bill to help rebuild this country. There are so many important things that we should be debating, and, instead, we are bring-ing these wedge issues to the floor. We are bringing an anti-environmental bill to the floor that is going nowhere, and we are bringing a budget to the floor that paves the way for a lot of nothing. 
Unless we fix the sequestration prob-
lem, the Senate is not going to take up any of these appropriations bills, and neither should we. 
We ought to put the American people 
first and put the electioneering off. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the things I love 
about this institution is my colleagues come to the floor with different life ex-periences. They come with different opinions. They come with a different set of bosses. The 700,000 folks that I call my boss back home in Georgia, I am sure, have very different views than those who call themselves the boss of my friend from Massachusetts. 
But I tell you, the three bills that 
this rule makes in order—not that this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.035 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2682 April 30, 2015 
rule declares a foregone conclusion of 
passage. No. It just makes in order for debate on the floor of this House. These three bills are exactly the kind of thing that this House should be working on, and I am proud to bring it today. 
Number one, Mr. Speaker, I don’t 
serve on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That is where this resolution of disapproval has come from. I did last cycle. I don’t this cycle. I have heard colleague after colleague come to the floor and defend the rights of not being fired because your sister or your daughter or your son or your brother used birth control. 
Mr. Speaker, that is outrageous. I 
can’t imagine that someone would be fired for what their sister or their brother does in terms of their repro-ductive health choices. I agree. I agree. And if there is an opportunity to work together to prevent that from hap-pening—that is apparently happening en masse here in the District of Colum-bia—I want to be a part of it. 
But the truth is, it is not happening 
en masse. In fact, it is not happening at all. It is not happening at all. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not mind being lec-
tured by my friends to get back to the business of the people. I do not mind. In fact, I am onboard with it every sin-gle day of the week. We can start ear-lier, and we can start later, and I will be here. But do not, Mr. Speaker, do not lecture me on getting about the business of the people and come down with story after story after story that is not what this legislation is about, that is not a problem, that is not some-thing that any of us disagree on. 
Mr. Speaker, we have some legiti-
mate disagreements on this floor, and if we pass this rule, we will be able to get into the nitty-gritty of those dis-agreements. 
But we do not disagree on the free-
dom of family members to make their own reproductive health choices with-out it impacting our own employment. 
I will say to my friend sincerely: if 
we can find a case in the District of Co-lumbia—I don’t mean a case this year; I don’t mean a case last year; I mean a case ever of that happening—seek me out as your partner, and I will help you. Because what folks seem to miss here in this conga line of frustration is that if we reject the D.C. Council’s res-olution, we return D.C. to the law of the land as it exists, when? Today. We don’t take a single right away from anybody. We don’t take a single free-dom away from anybody. We are not interested in doing that whatsoever. 
What we are interested in doing is pro-tecting religious freedom. 
It turns out, if you live in Wash-
ington, D.C., Mr. Speaker, you might work for an institution that lobbies for life. You might work for an institution that focuses on faith. This is a town of ideas, Mr. Speaker. 
In the rush to pass a piece of legisla-
tion—these are not my words. These are the words of Vincent Gray in his letter to the members of the council of the District of Columbia: In the rush to push this bill through, the 
council did not take the time to protect this cathedral of freedom that we have here, did not take the time to make sure that that first and most important of our constitu-tional freedoms was protected. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution 
is the Constitution. There is nothing that the District of Columbia can do to undermine the Constitution. But they can cause a lot of problems for folks along the way. This is a resolution of disapproval to prevent that from hap-pening. 
Mr. Speaker, the second bill that is 
here, H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integ-rity Protection Act, my friends suggest that we are talking about clean water in this country, that this is about Re-publicans undermining clean water. 
I will say again, as I said about the 
resolution of disapproval: if we pass this bill, we will roll the regulatory en-vironment of clean water so far back, it will be just like it is today. That is what we are going to do. I just want to be clear about those radical ideas that my friends on the left have suggested. 
If we have the will in this body to 
pass this bill, we are going to roll regu-lations so far back, it will be exactly like it is as I am standing here today. 
Mr. Speaker, what this bill is about 
is preventing the regulatory overreach going forward. 
Guess what: I live in Gwinnett Coun-
ty, Georgia. I challenge you to have a water treatment plant that does a bet-ter job than we do. We have a water fountain right there where the sewage gets treated, Mr. Speaker. You can go ahead and press that water fountain and have yourself a drink. That is how clean it is. We put it back into the lake cleaner than we take it out of the lake. 
I will not be lectured by my friends 
in an executive office downtown about how to clean water in the State of Georgia. I promise you, I care more about clean water in Georgia than any-one on Pennsylvania Avenue does. We are succeeding today. 
If we have a problem with State regu-
lation of clean water, come to me. I will be your partner. We will work on that together. 
The problem is not that Georgia isn’t 
doing a good job. The problem is, the Feds are planning to get in the way of Georgia doing a good job. This bill will stop it. If we pass this rule, we will be able to have that debate. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, the bill that 
makes me the proudest is our concur-rent budget resolution. My friends have lots to say about why it is this budget doesn’t balance. Let’s be clear: I be-lieve that they are wrong. 
But what is more important in this 
discussion, Mr. Speaker, is that my friends don’t want the budget to bal-ance. We had a free and open debate on this floor. We considered every budget that any Member of this Chamber wanted to offer, every single one. 
An interesting thing happened, Mr. 
Speaker. Every Republican budget that was introduced balanced within 10 years and didn’t raise taxes on hard- 
working Americans. Every single budg-et the Democrats introduced never bal-anced—not in 10 years, not in 20 years, not in 100 years—and every single one raised taxes on hard-working Ameri-cans by trillions of dollars. Trillions of dollars in new taxes, and it still didn’t reach balance. 
My friends, I understand we have a 
fundamental disagreement about how this country ought to be run, and I am glad that we have that debate here in this Chamber. We are a deliberative body. I respect the opinions of my friends. I do believe there is a common ground that we can come to. But, Mr. Speaker, this is that common ground today. 
For years, the budget wasn’t even 
passed in the United States Senate, much less try to bring it together so that the House and the Senate are working off a single page of music. 
For the first time since 1991, this 
Chamber has done its job in concert with the Senate. It is no small thing. Far from being something to be criti-cized, it is something to be celebrated. 
I don’t know where the votes are 
going to be, Mr. Speaker. Conferencing something with the Senate is hard. I promise you that my bosses back home in Georgia have a much more conserv-ative view of the world than many of the folks do in the United States Sen-ate. But guess what, I don’t get every-thing I want every day. But what I get is an opportunity to come together to build that bridge of common ground and agreement. 
That is the agreement we have before 
us today—not my ideas, not Demo-cratic ideas, not Republican ideas, but collaborative House-Senate ideas—a budget for the Federal Government for the first time in 15 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues: Take a look at this rule. You will be proud. Take a look at the work of the hard-working people in the Rules Committee upstairs—nine Republicans, four Democrats getting together late in the evening, trying to make the rules work—you will be proud. 
Every single Democratic amendment 
was made in order on the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. The resolu-tion of disapproval, brought exactly as the Home Rule Act intended: last used by Democrats to disapprove; today used by this Chamber. 
And finally, that budget brought 
only after every single Member’s ideas were debated, and the best rose to the top. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support 
from all of my colleagues for this fair and honest rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 231, 
the special rule governing consideration of the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, included a prophylactic waiver of points of order against its consider-ation and it was described as such in House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.036 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2683 April 30, 2015 
Report 114–98. Due to an unexpected change 
in the legislative schedule, the waiver of all points of order against consideration would now include a waiver of clause 8(a)(1)(A) of rule XXII, prohibiting the consideration of a conference report until the third calendar day on which the conference report has been available in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
It is important to note that the text of the 
conference report and the joint explanatory statement were made available in electronic form on April 29, 2015. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 231 O FFERED BY  
MR. MCGOVERN OF MASSACHUSETTS  
In section 2, strike ‘‘except one hour of de-
bate.’’ and insert ‘‘except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit with instruc-tions that the Managers on the part of the House— 
(1) reject the austere and mindless seques-
ter spending cuts in critical services and in-stead offer a plan to put the budget on a fis-cally responsible path by making respon-sible, targeted spending cuts and by closing special interest tax breaks that benefit only the very wealthiest. 
(2) provide equal increases in both defense 
and non-defense spending above the seques-ter cap levels to: 
a. make necessary investments that boost 
the economy to create jobs, rebuild our in-frastructure, educate our children and sharp-en the nation’s competitive edge; 
b. avoid another unnecessary and harmful 
government shutdown; and 
c. protect national security, including law 
enforcement, homeland security, defense and international programs that help protect the nation; and 
(3) protect Medicare and reject attempts to 
end Medicare’s guaranteed benefit by turn-ing it into a voucher system that will in-crease costs for seniors and destabilize the traditional Medicare program that has served seniors well for half a century. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate 
vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule . . . because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. WOODALL. With that, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 180] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce 
Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah 
Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.042 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2684 April 30, 2015 
Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Frankel (FL) 
Lewis McKinley Payne Polis 
Scott (VA) Smith (MO) Wasserman 
Schultz 
Welch 
b1455 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 242, noes 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 181] 
AYES—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Kirkpatrick Lewis Lujan Grisham 
(NM) McKinley 
Payne Wasserman 
Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Welch 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1504 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
BLACK ). The unfinished business is the 
question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 175, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 182] 
YEAS—236 
Abraham 
Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook 
Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger 
Grayson Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.006 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2685 April 30, 2015 
Long 
Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marino 
Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell 
Pelosi Perlmutter 
Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Tiberi Titus Trott Tsongas Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—175 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Amash Babin Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Capuano Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Esty Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Fudge Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Keating Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Lance Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McDermott McGovern Meehan Miller (FL) Moore Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent Pallone Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shuster Sires Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Gohmert Tonko 
NOT VOTING—18 
Blum Carson (IN) Conyers Frankel (FL) Grijalva Kirkpatrick Lewis Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
McKinley Meng Payne Pingree 
Pitts Scott (VA) Slaughter Wasserman 
Schultz 
Welch 
b1512 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS, THE RO-TUNDA OF THE CAPITOL, AND EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR OFFICIAL CONGRESSIONAL EVENTS SURROUNDING THE VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL 
Mr. HARPER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Commit-tees on House Administration and Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 43, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 43 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL 
GROUNDS FOR EVENTS SUR-ROUNDING VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL  
GROUNDS .—The Capitol Grounds may be used 
for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on Thursday, Sep-tember 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CAPITOL POLICE  
BOARD .—The Capitol Police Board shall take 
such actions as may be necessary to enforce the restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds in connection with the events au-thorized by this section. 
(c) E
VENT PREPARATIONS .—The Architect 
of the Capitol is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplifi-cation devices, and other related structures and equipment as may be required for the events authorized by this section. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF ROTUNDA 
FOR EVENTS SURROUNDING VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL. 
The rotunda of the United States Capitol is 
authorized to be used for ceremonies and ac-tivities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on September 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate may jointly designate. 
Physical preparations for the conduct of such ceremonies and activities shall be car-ried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may pre-scribe. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF EMANCI-
PATION HALL FOR EVENTS SUR-ROUNDING VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor 
Center is authorized to be used for cere-monies and activities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on September 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate. Physical preparations for the conduct of such ceremonies and activi-ties shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Cap-itol may prescribe. 
SEC. 4. ARRANGEMENTS WITH OTHER DEPART-
MENTS AND AGENCIES. 
In carrying out their duties under this con-
current resolution, the Architect of the Cap-itol and the Capitol Police Board are each authorized to utilize appropriate equipment and services of appropriate personnel of de-partments and agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment, under such arrangements as each may enter into with the heads of those de-partments and agencies in connection with the ceremonies and activities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the fur-ther consideration of H.R. 2028. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Iowa). Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Idaho? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
Will the gentlewoman from Ten-
nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) kindly take the 
chair. 
b1515 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mrs. B
LACK (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\H30AP5.REC H30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2686 April 30, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, April 29, 2015, a request for a re-corded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) had been postponed, and 
the bill had been read through page 22, line 7. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF NEVADA  
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 25, lines 13 and 16, after each dollar 
amount, insert ‘‘(reduced to $0)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Nevada. 
Mr. HECK of Nevada. Madam Chair, 
my amendment builds on the commit-tee’s work to support scientific re-search and development within the De-partment of Energy. 
More than 30 years have elapsed since 
Congress passed the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act, and over that time, technology and scientific knowledge have evolved significantly. However, Congress still clings to outdated technology and pol-icy prescriptions to address today’s nu-clear waste issues. 
The fact is that dumping our coun-
try’s highly radioactive nuclear waste in a hole and hoping for the best is a 20th century solution. Instead, we must encourage the use of 21st century tech-nology to address this issue. My amendment eliminates the money ear-marked for the Yucca Mountain High- Level Waste Geological Repository and increases funding for the Nuclear En-ergy University Program within DOE’s Office of Nuclear Energy so that we can better support our scientists and uni-versities as they work to develop a 21st century solution to this problem. 
According to CBO, this amendment 
decreases budget authority by $75 mil-lion and has no net impact on budget outlays. The Nuclear Energy Univer-sity Program is authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005. Pursuant to these authorities, DOE’s Office of Nu-clear Energy allocates up to 20 percent of its R&D to university-based pro-grams and mission-supporting R&D and related infrastructure improve-ments each year. 
The funds provided by my amend-
ment will be used by the Office of Nu-clear Energy to support the Nuclear Energy University Program and the ef-forts by our universities to research and develop ways to reduce the radiotoxicity of nuclear waste, better recycle and reuse spent nuclear fuel, and ultimately provide a 21st century solution to our nuclear waste problem. 
For instance, grants provided 
through the Nuclear Energy University Program to the University of Nevada- Las Vegas College of Sciences help sup-
port and maintain a world-class radiochemistry program at UNLV that is currently working to reduce the radiotoxicity of nuclear waste. In fact, the technology available to students at UNLV is so advanced that scientists working at the national laboratories often use the facilities at UNLV to con-duct experiments in the field of radiochemistry. 
Strengthening and supporting the re-
search and innovations already taking place at UNLV and other universities throughout the country to solve our Nation’s nuclear waste problem is a much wiser investment of Federal re-sources than the flawed Yucca Moun-tain proposal. Instead of continuing the outdated, unworkable, one-State- must-lose-for-49–States-to-win ap-proach to this problem, why don’t we invest in the development of research and technology that will allow every State to win? 
For Nevada and other States 
throughout the country, the 21st cen-tury solution proposed by this amend-ment has the potential to create count-less new high-paying R&D jobs by uti-lizing existing regional technological capabilities. It is time we stopped sub-scribing to 20th century ideas that waste taxpayer resources by trying to sweep our nuclear waste problems under a very expensive rug and instead invest in American innovation and in-genuity to develop solutions that will make our country a leader in the field of nuclear energy once again. 
I urge my colleagues to embrace the 
future of nuclear waste disposal, sup-port my amendment to help create jobs, and restore the United States role as a leader in science and technology development. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I rise in opposition to 
the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s amendment and him offering the amendment, and I ap-preciate his point of view and why he is offering it, but this amendment would eliminate $150 million in the bill for the Department of Energy to reorga-nize its adjudicatory response team and get the Yucca Mountain licensing process back on track and running. 
Yucca Mountain is the law of the 
land. You have to remember that. Yucca Mountain is the law of the land, even though the administration has failed to follow that law. It has seen overwhelming support in countless numbers of votes and countless num-bers of times in the House and is the only permanent repository option we have on the table. 
This amendment would put in jeop-
ardy the more than $15 billion—let me repeat that, the more than $15 billion— that has been spent so far on this pro-gram. 
Once the Yucca Mountain application 
is finished, all Members of this body and the Senate will have the oppor-
tunity to decide whether to move for-ward to construct and use the facility, but killing the process at this point, I think, is shortsighted, even though I understand the gentleman’s concern. 
I, therefore, urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FOSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the au-thority of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defea-sible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facil-ity acquisition or expansion, and for con-ducting inquiries, technological investiga-tions and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $605,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount 
$120,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for program direction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 22, line 20, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $45,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $45,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, my 
amendment is simple and straight-forward. It is designed to reduce waste-ful spending, which I think we all would like to do around here. 
This year Republican appropriators 
increased taxpayer-funded fossil fuel research and development by $45 mil-lion above the President’s request. My amendment would simply reduce the funding for the Office of Fossil Energy by $45 million, down to the President’s requested level, and then dedicate these funds to the spending reduction account, which is something that I think all of us want to do, given how much we talk about wasteful spending and deficit reduction around here. 
The five most profitable oil compa-
nies—Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, BP, ConocoPhillips—together made more than a trillion in profits last decade. A trillion dollars of profit; I think that is pretty good. Fossil fuels are reaping $550 billion a year in subsidies, four times the amount of $120 billion paid out in incentives for renewable energy. So fossil fuels are not getting the short shrift. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.051 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2687 April 30, 2015 
Air pollution from fossil fuels costs 
money. Nationwide the hidden health costs of electricity generated by fossil fuels adds up to as much as $886 billion annually, or about 6 percent of gross domestic product. I am from Min-nesota, and I live in north Minneapolis, and I can tell you, Madam Chair, that children there suffer greater rates of asthma than the rest of the State, par-tially as a result of emissions from ve-hicles that run on fossil fuels. 
Climate change costs money, too. 
Climate change will make our elec-tricity costs go up. Greenhouse-gas- driven changes in temperature will likely increase demand for electricity. This will make it necessary for con-struction of up to 95 gigawatts of new power generation over the next 5 to 25 years. 
Residential and commercial rate-
payers will pay up to $12 billion more per year, and people living in coastal communities could pay as much as $35 billion a year within the next 15 years because of sea level rise and hurricane activity. 
Conclusion: let’s lower the deficit; 
let’s cut wasteful spending; let’s stop wasting taxpayer money on dirty fossil fuel resources that cost all of us a lot more in the long term. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I rise in opposition to 
the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, it is al-
most humorous to listen to someone who wants to reduce the deficit and put this money into the deficit reduction account but then complains that we are following sequestration, and it is just too low and too crazy, and we need to do away with sequestration. We need to be able to spend more money. 
The reality is, it is not that it is the 
deficit reduction account; it is that it is out of the fossil fuel program, which is more than what the President rec-ommended. The administration has pri-orities, and Congress has priorities. This bill reflects the priorities of the subcommittee and the full committee that brought it to the floor. The amendment would reduce funding for the fossil energy account by $45 million in favor of deficit spending. 
Fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and nat-
ural gas provide nearly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses. Fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and natural gas provide near-ly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide for the majority of our energy needs for the foreseeable fu-ture. 
The bill rejects the administration’s 
proposed reductions to the fossil en-ergy program, particularly the drastic cuts to the coal program, which is cut by $31 million in the budget request, and instead funds these programs at $605 million, a $34 million increase over last year. With this additional funding, the Office of Fossil Energy will target research into how water can be more 
efficiently used in power plants, how coal can be used to produce electric power through fuel cells, and how to ef-ficiently capture and store carbon from our abundant natural resources. 
This amendment would reduce fund-
ing for a program that ensures we use our Nation’s fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as possible. Let me repeat. Fossil fuels, such as coal, oil, and natural gas, provide nearly 85 per-cent of the energy used by our Nation’s homes and businesses, and will con-tinue to provide for the majority of our energy needs in the foreseeable future. 
Therefore, I must oppose the amend-
ment and urge my colleagues to do so. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, do I 
have time remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 2
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, surely 
my friend and I can join together on the spending reduction account on this particular measure. It is not that much money in the scope of this big event. The fact is, we should all be trying to reduce the deficit where we can, par-ticularly when we are talking about in-dustries that have combined profits of a trillion dollars. A trillion. 
I do not think my constituents in the 
Fifth Congressional District of Min-nesota need to foot the bill for R&D for Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, BP, and ConocoPhillips. I think they should pay their own R&D if they are banking money like that. I think they are doing just fine, and they don’t need more of the average taxpayer’s dough. 
Let me also say that we are already 
giving the fossil fuel industry $550 bil-lion a year in subsidies. Isn’t that enough? Can’t they live with a little less, given that they are making a tril-lion dollars in combined profits? We are giving them $550 billion in sub-sidies, and they want more, and they just cannot possibly do with $45 million less than we are giving them already? 
I have got to tell you, I have just got 
a feeling that if they don’t get this extra money, they will be fine. I feel ConocoPhillips and Chevron will some-how make it if they don’t get our American taxpayers’ $45 million. 
b1530 
I urge a very strong ‘‘yes’’ in favor of 
this amendment for deficit reduction and to end a little bit of corporate wel-fare. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. The reality is 
ExxonMobil, all of the other companies you named, don’t get this money. This money goes into research, research that fuels 85 percent of the electrical needs in this country—research. 
Now, you could also say: If you are 
going to do that, why not take away all the money that goes into renewable en-ergy research? Why not take away all the money that goes into wind power or into solar power or into nuclear power or into any of the other research 
that we do? 
It is just that some people can’t fath-
om the fact that 85 percent—that is getting close to 100—but 85 percent of our energy is produced by fossil fuel. While the gentleman talks about def-icit reduction, the reality is I think he just wants to take some money out of the fossil fuel research account. 
I will be interested, being so inter-
ested in deficit reduction, how the vote comes later on with the Republican budget that will be before the House later on, so I will be watching that very closely. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $17,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petro-leum and oil shale reserve activities. 
S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facil-ity development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the En-ergy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $212,030,000, to remain available until expended. 
N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Re-serve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $7,600,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $117,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  
For Department of Energy expenses, in-
cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense en-vironmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $229,193,000, to remain available until expended. 
U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  
DECOMMISSIONING FUND 
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary in carrying out uranium enrichment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.055 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2688 April 30, 2015 
facility decontamination and decommis-
sioning, remedial actions, and other activi-ties of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $625,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamina-tion and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 
S
CIENCE  
For Department of Energy expenses includ-
ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or fa-cility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 17 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambu-lance and one bus, $5,100,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $181,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direc-tion. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
Page 51, line 24, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chair, I rise to 
offer an important amendment that en-sures that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is appropriately funded to meet its core mission. The NRC’s work is vital to the energy picture of our Na-tion, and safety remains and always will be the number one priority. 
The NRC is funded in two ways: 10 
percent of its budget comes from ap-propriated funds from the taxpayers; and, secondly, 90 percent of the fees are collected from the nuclear industry. 
While I am a strong supporter of nu-
clear power and safety, the NRC budget has grown dramatically in the last dec-ade from $669 million per year in 2005 to the current level of over $1 billion this year. Herein lies the problem. 
This chart lays out the picture that 
we face today with the NRC. Under the NRC’s 2005 budget, there were 3,108 em-ployees responsible for oversight on 104 reactors and the review of 1,500 licens-ing actions. In their fiscal year 2016 budget request of $1.032 billion, the NRC called for 3,754 employees to over-see 100 reactors and review 900 licens-ing actions. 
In summary, the number of reactors 
has gone down by 4 percent; the num-ber of licensing actions has gone down by 40 percent; the number of employees has gone up by 21 percent, and the budget has grown by 54 percent. 
Madam Chair, only in Washington 
does the staff and the cost grow while the workload goes down. The historical 
increases in both funding and staff re-sources occurred in anticipation of new reactors being built under a nuclear renaissance for our country. 
Unfortunately, due to increasing bu-
reaucratic red tape and other market conditions, the work never material-ized; thus, a shrinking nuclear industry has faced an ever-growing regulator over the past 10 years. Only in Wash-ington, as I said before, does the bu-reaucracy grow while the workload shrinks. 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
even admits that it needs to downsize. In its February 2015 report entitled, ‘‘Project Aim 2020,’’ they said the same thing. Additionally, the NRC has 60 rulemakings underway, and they are collecting additional fees from existing reactors to make up for lost licensing revenue. These fees are ultimately paid by hard-working American families in their electricity bills. 
My amendment is simple. It reduces 
funding by $25 million, or about 2.5 per-cent, and would right-size the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to meet its core mission and safely regulate our existing nuclear fleet. 
The industry share of support, or 90 
percent of that, would be reduced by $22.5 million, and the Federal share of $2.5 would be redirected to basic re-search in DOE’s Office of Science in order to develop future American en-ergy solutions. 
Madam Chair, in the last few min-
utes, I have had the opportunity to have great discussions with Chairman S
IMPSON , and I am confident that he is 
aware of this issue and has taken steps to do this. He said he would work with me in the future to continue addressing this issue. I am raising this today, but I will be withdrawing my amendment. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
S
IMPSON for his efforts to address this 
issue and for agreeing to work with me on the issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. I want to thank the 
gentleman for being dogged on this issue. We share his concern. We had a great hearing with all the commis-sioners of the NRC. They also under-stand this concern. It was the Aim Project 2020 that they put together that realized that they have too many staff and they need to reduce it. They want to do it in a responsible way. 
In the full committee, we adopted an 
amendment to reduce their budget by $25 million. That is in addition to the fact that they had carryover fund that they could have spent last year that they won’t have available this year. 
Their budget is going down; whether 
it is the right amount or not, we don’t know yet, but we are going to keep on this because we want them to reestab-
lish their credibility in the world. They need to do that because they are a reg-ulatory agency that is very important, and they do incredibly important work. 
We are going to be holding hearings 
again on this next year when we do their budget to make sure they are fol-lowing through on their commitment to reduce their size and scope, particu-larly the rulemaking authority that they have got out there. Many people believe they are writing far too many rules, and some believe it is because they have too many employees. 
I appreciate the gentleman offering 
this amendment and the discussion and offering to withdraw the amendment. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Ohio. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I would just say to the 
offerer of the amendment from Texas that I come from a part of the country where the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion did not do its job for a long time. 
I appreciate what you are attempting 
to do, and all I would say is, coming from a region where we have serious in-fractions that put human life at risk more than once, as you look at that budget and try to improve it, do not as-sume whatever levels of regulation ex-isted in fact were appropriate because, in many cases, they were shortchanged and inadequate. 
As you move forward in this impor-
tant arena, I would urge you to look at the places in the country where mis-takes happened and figure out why and then direct resources to where they are most important in this very important technology. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. 
R
OKITA ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.013 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2689 April 30, 2015 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $239,749,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 2, after the dollar amount in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $239,749,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
rise today to offer an amendment to address an imbalance in our efforts to promote the long-term economic secu-rity interests of the United States. 
This appropriations bill would 
underfund the Office of Science by al-most $240 million below the President’s request for the next fiscal year. My amendment would correct this by bringing the Office of Science account up to the President’s request level. 
Investments in the DOE Office of 
Science and its laboratories have sup-ported American innovation and dis-covery science at the forefront of the physical sciences and engineering. 
It is impossible and unwise to ignore 
the value of our national labs. They have helped answer fundamental ques-tions on how the universe works, sup-ported breakthroughs in fields as di-verse as medicine and astronomy and developments in industry that drive our economy. 
Investments in our labs have led to 
the construction of accelerators and detectors that enable our scientists to discover new particles, including quarks and the Higgs boson, to help ex-plain the nature of the universe in matter, energy, space, and time. Physi-cists have used their fundamental re-search to develop new technologies, in-cluding the PET scan, which is used every day to treat patients diagnosed with cancerous tumors. 
The Office of Science has also sup-
ported the training of scientists, math-ematicians, and engineers for more than 60 years. We need to maintain a competitive advantage now more than ever. 
While the U.S. is reducing invest-
ments in Federal R&D, Europe and Asia have been increasing investments. In 1968, we spent 9.1 percent of the budget on research and development. Today, we are spending only 3.6 per-cent. If this trend continues, it won’t be long before China’s investments in R&D will far outpace our own. 
The Office of Science is not only an 
important investment in our future, it is a valuable investment in our econ-omy. Our national labs and the major user facilities housed at those labs are some of the greatest tools we have to offer researchers and industry. They are also important contractors to the local economy. The economic impacts of Argonne and Fermilab in Illinois are estimated to be more than $1.3 billion annually. 
Those who seek to underfund and 
eliminate Federal programs often say that the private sector can do it better, but, when it comes to fundamental sci-
entific research, that simply is not an option. The Office of Science is respon-sible for building and maintaining re-search facilities, which many private companies rely on but are far too big for any single business or university to develop. 
These user facilities, such as the Ad-
vanced Photon Source at Argonne Na-tional Laboratory, are a critical re-search tool to academics and industry alike. For example, Eli Lilly conducts nearly half of the research in their drug discovery portfolio at the Ad-vanced Photon Source at Argonne, but the funding levels in this bill will threaten the Advanced Photon Source and other critical projects. 
At a time of ongoing economic stress, 
we must continue to develop the next generation of the American technical workforce. As other world powers are growing and challenging our position as the global leader in science and in-novation, we cannot let the number of American scientists and researchers or the quality of their research facilities diminish. Bringing the Office of Science budget up to the President’s request is crucial to maintaining that quality. 
I would also like to briefly discuss 
the offset, which is the NNSA weapons activities account. It is important for us to recognize that we need to strike the right balance between defending our country today and investing in sci-entific research for the future. 
b1545 
I would argue that maintaining an 
advantage as the global leader in science and technology makes us much more secure than amassing and main-taining excessive numbers of nuclear weapons. 
Madam Chairman, I rise today be-
cause we must continue to invest in American innovation and fully fund the research and development con-ducted through the DOE Office of Science. 
I understand that the majority party 
has the power to block that funding and that there will be a point of order pending against this amendment. 
Madam Chairman, I ask unanimous 
consent to withdraw my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  
For nuclear waste disposal activities to 
carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–425), in-cluding the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expansion, $150,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be made available to affected units of local government, as defined in section 2(31) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101(31)), to support the Yucca Mountain 
geologic repository, as authorized by such Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TITUS  
Ms. TITUS. Madam Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $150,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $150,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Nevada. 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Chairman, I come 
to the floor today on behalf of the peo-ple of Nevada to ask my colleagues to reject the failed policies of the past and concentrate our efforts on real so-lutions to the Nation’s energy chal-lenges. 
The bill before us appropriates $150 
million for the failed Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste project. Taxpayer-fund-ed junkets and photo ops cannot change the fact that this project has never been based on sound science but, instead, stems from targeted politics. 
After decades squandered and $15 bil-
lion wasted, we are no closer to a solu-tion than when President Reagan signed the ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill in 1988. Yet, today, the House is set to consider legislation that will waste millions more on this failed project. 
Now, I have heard my colleagues say 
this is the law of the land. Well, the ACA is the law of the land, and that hasn’t stopped them from trying to overturn it 57 times. Furthermore, it appears that although this is the so- called law of the land, the interpreta-tion of that law is pretty flexible. 
I want to bring my colleagues’ atten-
tion to a particular line in this bill that appropriates $5 million for units of local government to support Yucca Mountain. This simply creates a slush fund to pay off local governments in re-turn for their support of this failed project. 
I don’t anticipate that many of my 
colleagues are as familiar with the Nu-clear Waste Policy Act as we are in Ne-vada, but the law clearly states that any benefits that the Federal Govern-ment may appropriate can only be pro-vided through mutual agreement be-tween the Federal Government and the State. Last time I checked, Republican Governor Brian Sandoval, not the House Appropriations Committee, is the chief executive of the State of Ne-vada, and he strongly opposes Yucca Mountain. 
Madam Chairman, I will submit for 
the R
ECORD an op-ed written by Gov-
ernor Sandoval and former Governor Richard Bryan, titled ‘‘Yucca Moun-tain: Unsafe site won’t ever be safe for nuclear waste.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.061 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2690 April 30, 2015 
[Special to the Review-Journal, Apr. 12, 2015] 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN : UNSAFE SITEWON’TEVER 
BESAFE FOR NUCLEAR WASTE  
(By Brian Sandoval and Richard Bryan) 
Nevada Rep. Cresent Hardy, who joined a 
pro-Yucca Mountain congressional site visit this past week, recently asked the question, ‘‘Is there a scenario in which Nevadans would actually welcome nuclear waste stor-age at Yucca Mountain?’’ (‘‘Time for Nevada to talk Yucca Mountain,’’ March 22 Review- Journal). 
The answer to that question is an em-
phatic ‘‘no’’ for one simple yet unavoidable reason: Because Yucca Mountain is an unsafe place for storing or disposing deadly nuclear waste and was selected for purely political reasons having nothing to do with science or suitability. There is nothing for state offi-cials to negotiate. In fact, our leaders would be remiss in their duty to protect the public and the environment to entertain the notion that any amount of dollars could possibly compensate for likely grievous and lethal harm from siting a facility in such an unsafe location as Yucca Mountain. 
From day one, science with respect to 
Yucca Mountain has taken a back seat to Washington, D.C., power politics. 
In 1987, Congress ignored science com-
pletely and named Yucca Mountain as the only site to be studied as a potential reposi-tory in spite of its known serious flaws. Yucca was picked not because it was the best site or even a safe one. It was chosen solely because Nevada was the most politically vul-nerable state at the time. Sites in Texas, Louisiana, Washington, and other states were dismissed out of hand because their states were protected by powerful Wash-ington, D.C., politicians. 
As site characterization at Yucca pro-
gressed, every time the science showed the site to be seriously flawed, the Energy De-partment merely invented another engineer-ing fix—like the metal waste packages that will have to remain intact for 10,000 years or more, even though they’ve never been built or tested; more than 11,000 titanium drip shields that must be placed over the ‘‘corro-sion-resistant’’ waste packages (DOE does not plan to install them for 100 years or more) in order to meet the radiation expo-sure criteria; and manipulating the site’s boundaries so the aquifer below Yucca can be used to ‘‘dilute’’ the radiation that will in-evitably escape from the repository. 
And when even these ‘‘fixes’’ were not 
enough, the Energy Department simply abandoned its own siting criteria containing specific qualifying and disqualifying condi-tions (that Yucca couldn’t meet) and created a black box-like assessment tool (called Total System Performance Assessment, or TSPA) that allows the site’s many flaws to be camouflaged and rendered insignificant. 
The way to fix the nuclear waste disposal 
problem is not to keep beating the dead horse that is Yucca Mountain, as Rep. John Shimkus, R-Ill., appeared to be doing with the promotional tour of the shut-down Yucca Mountain site last week. A more construc-tive and fruitful approach would be to move forward with new initiatives that rely on real science to identify safe and suitable storage and disposal sites and require states and local governments to give their consent to any future nuclear waste siting efforts. 
Brian Sandoval, a Republican, is governor 
of Nevada. Richard Bryan, a Democrat, is a former Nevada governor and U.S. senator, and chairman of the Nevada Commission on Nuclear Projects. 
Ms. TITUS. Also, the committee’s re-
port language sites that this hush money is provided for local govern-ments that give ‘‘formal consent.’’ This 
raises yet another question about the intent of this section. The law does not outline any process for giving formal consent, so how would the newly bribed localities be able to provide that con-sent? 
If you are looking for consent, I urge 
you to support H.R. 1364, the Nuclear Waste Informed Consent Act, which I introduced, along with my colleague Congressman H
ECKand Senators R EID 
and H ELLER . This bipartisan legislation 
sets out a formal consent process so that Nevada or Texas or New Mexico or any other State and affected local com-munity or tribe that chooses to host a nuclear waste depository will have a process by which it can give consent for siting by the Federal Government. No community should have to face what we in Nevada have faced for the last few decades of having this pushed down our throat. 
Madam Chairman, I will also submit 
for the R
ECORD two articles outlining 
nuclear waste storage proposals that are supported in the State of Texas and the State of New Mexico. 
[West Texas Radio, Feb. 13, 2015] 
COMPANY WANTS TO EXPAND NUCLEAR WASTE  
SITE IN TEXAS  
(By Travis Bubenik) 
A Dallas-based company is looking to ex-
pand its nuclear waste site in rural West Texas into a longer-term storage site for high-level radioactive waste. 
Waste Control Specialists (WCS) is asking 
the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission to approve a new license to expand its above- ground storage facility in Andrews County to allow more radioactive types of waste. 
The company already stores ‘‘low level’’ 
waste—contaminated rags, tools and other equipment that have come mostly from the national nuclear research lab in Los Alamos, New Mexico. 
The site also served as a home for waste 
that was supposed to wind up at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in Carlsbad, New Mex-ico, until that site was shuttered after a leak contaminated workers there about a year ago. 
WCS now wants to store used fuel rods 
from nuclear power plants across the coun-try—a more radioactive form of waste. 
In theory, the waste would stay in West 
Texas temporarily—until the federal govern-ment comes up with a long-term disposal plan—but it could be decades before that happens. 
‘‘Even though it is called an interim stor-
age facility, that storage period is a long time,’’ says WCS President Rod Baltzer. ‘‘We think that’s somewhere between 60 to 100 years.’’ 
Baltzer was in Washington, D.C. Monday 
talking to reporters about the company’s push to expand the facility. 
‘‘This wasn’t initially something we in-
tended to do when we got out there, but we’ve been out there a long time, and times have changed,’’ he says. 
Those changes have riled some environ-
mentalists in Texas. 
The Sierra Club has criticized the company 
for its track record of slowly expanding its intentions for the West Texas site. The envi-ronmental group says the company’s misled lawmakers and the public as it’s sought to store more radioactive types of waste through the years. 
Cyrus Reed, Conservation Director for the 
Sierra Club’s Lone Star Chapter, says he’s watched with concern while the company’s 
plan for the site grew from storing low level waste to larger quantities of the same waste. 
‘‘Now it turns out we are to become the na-
tion’s dumping ground for all manner of dan-gerous highly toxic radioactive waste,’’ he says. 
WCS maintains it can store the waste safe-
ly, and that the community in Andrews County has welcomed the idea. 
Baltzer says the company is fulfilling the 
Obama Administration’s call in 2013 for a ‘‘consent-based’’ approach to transporting, storing and disposing of the nation’s nuclear waste. 
That strategy instructs the government to 
seek out communities willing to house nu-clear waste ‘‘in expectation of the economy activity that would result from the siting, construction and operation of such a facility in their communities.’’ 
For now, Andrews County appears to be 
that kind of place. County Commissioners recently passed a resolution enthusiastically backing the plan. 
If the Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
gives WCS the green light, the company says construction on the expanded facility could be complete by the end of 2020. 
[From the Associated Press, Apr. 30, 2015] 
NEWMEXICO JOINS RACE TO BUILD STORAGE  
FORNUCLEAR WASTE  
(By Susan Montoya Bryan) 
Two rural New Mexico counties announced 
Wednesday they’re partnering with an inter-national firm in the race to build an interim storage facility to house spent nuclear fuel that has been piling up at reactors around the nation. 
Officials from Lea and Eddy counties and 
Holtec International gathered at the Na-tional Museum of Nuclear Science and His-tory in Albuquerque to outline their plans. 
John Heaton, a former state lawmaker and 
chairman of the Eddy-Lea Energy Alliance, a consortium of city and county governments, said there’s no better place in the U.S. than southeastern New Mexico to build such a fa-cility since the region is already home to a multibillion-dollar uranium enrichment plant and the federal government’s only un-derground nuclear waste repository. 
Heaton acknowledged that in vetting the 
project, safety was the top priority. 
The region is still rebounding from the in-
definite closure of the government’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, where a chemical reac-tion inside a drum of waste resulted in a ra-diation release in February 2014. The U.S. Department of Energy has said it will take years and more than a half-billion dollars be-fore the repository resumes full operations. 
The proposed storage facility would be de-
signed to handle spent nuclear fuel from power plants, not the kind of defense-related waste that was shipped to WIPP. 
Holtec CEO and President Kris Singh said 
his company has spent more than a decade developing technology to ensure the safe storage of spent fuel inside triple-lined stain-less steel casks that are capable of enduring the force of a freight train collision or an earthquake. 
‘‘We became convinced that this is an ex-
traordinary, safe process that needs to occur in this country,’’ Heaton said. 
Federal officials acknowledged that the fu-
ture of nuclear energy in the U.S. depends on the ability to manage and dispose of used nu-clear fuel and high-level radioactive waste. 
In March, the DOE announced it would 
begin siting interim storage sites as part of its plan to spur the use of nuclear power and develop the transportation and storage infra-structure needed to manage the waste. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.025 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2691 April 30, 2015 
Some members of Congress have shown re-
newed interested in the mothballed Yucca Mountain project in Nevada. 
In West Texas, Waste Control Specialists 
announced plans earlier this year to build a temporary storage facility that would even-tually be capable of holding up to 40,000 met-ric tons. 
Yucca Mountain was designed with a cap of 
70,000 metric tons. The proposed facility in southeastern New Mexico would hold even more. 
The agreement between Holtec and the 
Eddy-Lea Energy Alliance addresses the de-sign, licensing, construction and operation of an underground storage site on 32 acres be-tween the communities of Carlsbad and Hobbs. 
Holtec officials say the company expects 
to apply for a permit from the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission within a year. State per-mits would also be required. Licensing could take three years. 
‘‘It’s a tough road to get any nuclear 
project off the ground, otherwise we would have repositories and interim storage facili-ties all over the country,’’ Heaton said. ‘‘We have great partners and the will to get it done.’’ 
Gov. Susana Martinez weighed in earlier 
this month. She sent a letter to Energy Sec-retary Ernest Moniz as a preliminary en-dorsement of the proposal. 
Watchdogs have raised concerns, pointing 
to transportation issues and the possibility that New Mexico could become a permanent repository for such waste. Supporters said Wednesday they would have to work with communities along the transportation routes, just as they did when setting up the network for shipping waste to WIPP. 
Holtec officials were reluctant to put a 
price tag on the venture, but Heaton said it could involve anywhere from $200 million to $400 million in capital costs. 
The revenue the storage facility could 
bring in for the counties and the state would ultimately depend on how big of a share of the market Holtec could attract, Singh said. 
Ms. TITUS. So I would say, Madam 
Chairman, instead of wasting tens of millions of dollars more on an unwork-able solution, let’s, instead, meet our fiduciary obligations to future genera-tions. At the same time, let us commit to moving forward on a new policy to address the Nation’s nuclear waste, one that relies on a consent-based system that doesn’t force waste on commu-nities like mine, which is the rec-ommendation of the Blue Ribbon Com-mission. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment and send a message that Congress will not continue to move backwards but will take serious action to address our Nation’s nuclear waste policy. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, I 
understand the lady’s passion for this, but some of the rhetoric, quite frankly, isn’t accurate. 
When she calls it a failed policy, it is 
only a failed policy politically because this administration came into office on a promise of not doing Yucca Mountain because they needed electoral votes from the State of Nevada. That is the 
reality. 
The fact is we have spent over $15 bil-
lion on this project, and the fact is it is the law of the land. Until you change that law of the land, it remains the law of the land. 
Whether it is safe or not, I don’t 
know. I am not a scientist. But what I do know is there has been 52—I think it is 52—National Academy of Sciences studies on all sorts of aspects. This is the most studied piece of earth on the Earth. In fact, I have suggested during a hearing with the Department that if we ultimately decide not to do Yucca Mountain, they shouldn’t close that down because they are going to need a space that big to put all the papers from the studies that we have done on Yucca Mountain. That is the reality. 
I think we all understand my col-
league’s opposition to Yucca Mountain. I don’t blame her. I know she is from Nevada. But I can’t support this amendment. This amendment would eliminate $150 million in the bill for the Department of Energy to reorga-nize its adjudicatory response team and get the Yucca Mountain licensing process back up and running. Other-wise, more than $15 billion which has been spent on this program will truly be wasted. 
Once that application is finished, all 
Members of this body, all Members of this body and the Senate will have the opportunity to decide whether to move forward, to construct and use the facil-ity. But killing the process at this point, I think, would be very short-sighted. I therefore urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Madam Chairman, I ap-
preciate the comments made by my colleague, but he does not address the points I make about how this amend-ment looks at provisions of the bill that are contrary to the new proposal. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. There is no point 
in throwing good money after bad. American taxpayers deserve a wiser ex-penditure of their dollars. Nevadans de-serve to be heard on this issue, and those areas that want to have a site in their State or their community deserve a chance to be considered. 
I thank you, and I urge, strongly, a 
‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
The amendment was rejected. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, I 
move to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, it 
is my pleasure to yield to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ), the vice chairman of 
the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Chair-
man, I would like to thank the Appro-priations Committee and the chairman for acting to impose greater discipline 
on the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion. 
We know that the future of nuclear 
power in the United States depends on having a credible nuclear safety regu-lator and depends on the industry con-tinuing to perform at a high level of safety. We feel strongly that the agen-cy must continue its core mission of protecting the public health and safe-ty, but the NRC must do so in a man-ner that does not add to the economic headwinds that the industry faces. 
Thanks to the scientific break-
throughs and renewed interest in nu-clear energy, our Nation has an incred-ible opportunity to develop new sources of power that can provide af-fordable and reliable energy. I hope that the NRC can work with industry to seize these opportunities, while ful-filling its mission to ensure public safety. 
I support the committee’s direction 
to require the NRC’s rulemaking proc-ess to be commission-driven in order to provide greater discipline, trans-parency, efficiency, and account-ability. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — 
ENERGY  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary in carrying out the activities author-ized by section 5012 of the America COM-PETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $280,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount $28,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for pro-gram direction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL OF  
CALIFORNIA  
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Madam Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 25, line 25, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I rise to offer an 
amendment on behalf of Mr. S
CHIFF of 
California and Mr. P OLIS of Colorado, 
which would increase funding for the Advanced Research Project Agency-En-ergy, also known as ARPA-E. Mr. S
CHIFF offered this same exact amend-
ment last year, and it passed the House with bipartisan support. I hope the House will vote in support of it again. 
Like the House’s mark last year, the 
underlying bill this year provides $280 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.027 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2692 April 30, 2015 
million for ARPA-E, which is $45 mil-
lion below the President’s request. This amendment would increase funding for ARPA-E by $20 million, with the offset taken from the Department adminis-tration. 
I would like to thank the chairman 
and the ranking member of the sub-committee for providing at least level funding for ARPA-E this year, which is a substantial improvement from last year, which cut the program by as much as 80 percent over previous years. 
However, I think that rather than 
providing flat funding, we should be stepping up our commitment to a po-tentially game-changing research pro-gram, and that is exactly what this amendment does. 
This is a very modest investment for 
an agency whose work is helping to re-shape our economy. While the amend-ment would leave us still short of where the funding should be and where it is in the President’s budget, passing it would send a strong signal that there is bipartisan support for this kind of research. 
Started in 2009, ARPA-E is a revolu-
tionary program that advances high- potential, high-impact energy tech-nologies that are too early for private sector investment. ARPA-E projects have the potential to radically improve U.S. economic security, national secu-rity, and environmental well-being as well. 
ARPA-E empowers America’s energy 
researchers with funding, technical as-sistance, and market readiness. ARPA- E is modeled after the highly success-ful Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, which has produced groundbreaking inventions for the Department of Defense and the Nation, perhaps most notably the Internet itself. A key element of both Agencies is that managers are limited to fixed terms, so new blood continu-ously revitalizes this research port-folio. 
As we cut spending to return the 
budget to balance, we must not weaken those programs that are vital to our economic future and national security, and ARPA-E is such an agency. Even if we can’t make the investment that the President has called for in his budget, let’s be sure that we don’t hinder an agency that is pointing the way to a more energy-secure future. 
Energy is a national security issue; it 
is an economic imperative; it is a health concern; and it is an environ-mental necessity. Investing wisely in this type of research going on at ARPA-E is exactly the direction we should be going as a nation. 
We want to lead the energy revolu-
tion. We don’t want to see this advan-tage go to China or anywhere else in the world. If we are serious about stay-ing at the forefront of the energy revo-lution, we must continue to fully in-vest in the kind of cutting-edge work that ARPA-E performs. By providing the funding I am recommending today, we will send a clear signal of the seri-ousness of our intent to remain world 
leaders in energy. 
I urge the adoption of this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time reluctantly. I happen to be one who thinks the ARPA-E does some good work. My biggest problem is that, as I said last night on either the first or second amendment that was offered to this bill, they took money out of de-partmental administration to fund something, and then another one to take money out of departmental ad-ministration. So far we have taken out about $50 million out of a $245 million budget for the departmental adminis-tration. 
It is easy to vote that way because 
who wants to pay for the administra-tive costs? Yet we are going to have to deal with that when we get into con-ference to make sure that they have adequate funding in the Department for the administrative work. 
b1600 
So at some point in time, I have to 
say I can’t support continuing to take money out of the departmental admin-istration in order to fund a variety of programs, even though some of them may be very worthwhile. 
And while I, myself, am not opposed 
to ARPA-E and think they do some good work, the reality is, you have to balance this bill. 
We have got ARPA-E down $266 mil-
lion from what it was last year and substantially below what the President requested, but we had other priorities that we had to fund. And the other thing I had to consider is that the Science and Technology Committee— that is, the authorizing committee that does much of this work—has marked up a bill in their committee that substantially reduces the overall funding authorization for ARPA-E. So that causes me some concern. 
While I may or may not agree with 
their markup—I don’t know; we will see when that hits the floor—that is the reason that I am going to oppose this amendment. 
Other than that, I understand what 
the gentleman is trying to do and the concern that many people have for the decrease in funding in ARPA-E. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
TITLE 17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN 
GUARANTEE PROGRAM  
Such sums as are derived from amounts re-
ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected 
in accordance with section 502(7) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided , That, 
for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $42,000,000 is appropriated, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017: Provided fur-
ther, That $25,000,000 of the fees collected 
pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 shall be credited as offset-ting collections to this account to cover ad-ministrative expenses and shall remain available until expended, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $17,000,000: Provided further , That fees col-
lected under section 1702(h) in excess of the amount appropriated for administrative ex-penses shall not be available until appro-priated: Provided further , That the Depart-
ment of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in viola-tion of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obli-gation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. 
A
DVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  
MANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  
For Department of Energy administrative 
expenses necessary in carrying out the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $6,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Depart-
ment of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $247,420,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, in-cluding the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $30,000, plus such addi-tional amounts as necessary to cover in-creases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provi-sions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided , That such increases in 
cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided fur-
ther, That moneys received by the Depart-
ment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $117,171,000 in fiscal year 2016 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $130,249,000: Provided further , That of the total amount 
made available under this heading, $31,297,000 is for Energy Policy and Systems Analysis. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 27, line 13, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.071 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2693 April 30, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, 
let me begin by thanking Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  
for the work that they have done, a very challenging and popular appro-priations when it comes to energy and water and also the issues of the envi-ronment. 
I have a very simple amendment that 
reinforces our commitment to commu-nities from rural America to urban America, from hamlets and villages to large urban centers. And it simply em-phasizes a quality of life: for all Ameri-cans to have a good, clean environ-ment; to reduce asthma in children; to help senior citizens; and to have a good quality of life in their sunset years, in their older homes, in older commu-nities, of which I represent, is an im-portant funding necessity for this Na-tion. 
I want to emphasize the work that 
has been done and remind my col-leagues—for those of us who had the privilege of being here—that President Clinton issued an executive order di-recting Federal agencies to address the disproportionately high and adverse human health environmental impacts on minority and low-income popu-lations, which covered rural America, which oftentimes experienced the im-pact of the environment. 
We have worked over the years to im-
prove their quality of life, and today I ask that we continue to do so. 
In particular, I want to refer to a 
project in Houston, Texas, called the CAS site. That site was attempted to be cleaned up. It is in an older neigh-borhood, Madam Chair. Senior citizens own their homes. They have been there for a long time. 
There have been a lot of machina-
tions about this entity that is espous-ing chemicals, leaking chemicals be-cause it is old and closed down and abandoned. And we had to call upon the environmental justice sector in the Federal Government to provide the le-verage to help these senior citizens, people who did not want to move from their homes. 
I walked those streets, went into the 
backyards of senior citizens and saw the seepage coming out of the ground and, as well, coming in from the prop-erty on the back side. 
Environmental justice is a good 
thing, and it is through those efforts that we are working with the EPA to give hope to these citizens that they can stay in their homes. 
I live in the energy capital of the 
world. It is a job-creator. But on occa-sions, in the midst of our wetlands and our areas of pristine, if you will, envi-ronmental assets, we have some ups and downs. 
Just recently, I flew over the Hous-
ton port at the time of a spillage that was impacting some of our most envi-
ronmentally important areas, includ-ing wetlands and areas that are pro-tected or are important to the environ-ment and to the quality of life. 
So I am asking that the Jackson Lee 
amendment be accepted for the impor-tance of providing for the continued support of environmental justice and equality for areas that are both urban and rural. 
Let me finish by making this state-
ment, Madam Chair. 
This is an important cause because, 
as we look at the funds that are deal-ing with environmental justice, they increase youth involvement through science, technology, engineering, and math. They also help to promote clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, asset revitalization, and they help my con-stituents and the constituents of so many in this body whose older neigh-borhoods are sometimes impacted by older entities that are left behind in the neighborhood where seniors con-tinue to live. I want to be able to walk those neighborhoods and make sure that my seniors can stay in their homes—small frame homes—and make sure that as they stay in their frame homes, that they will have the quality of life that all of us would like. 
Again, I want to thank the chairman 
and ranking member. This is a tough job to do. And I would like to empha-size the importance of the funding for environmental justice and helping to continue, if you will, to put focus and emphasis on quality of life for home-owners, seniors, and people living in rural America and urban America. 
Madam Chair, I want to thank Chairman 
S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for 
shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by gen-erations to come. 
My amendment increases funding for DOE 
departmental administration by $1,000,000 which should be used to enhance the Depart-ment’s Environmental Justice Program activi-ties. 
Madam Chair, the Environmental Justice 
Program is an essential tool in the effort to im-prove the lives of low-income and minority communities as well as the environment at large. 
Twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, 
President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing Federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental ef-fects of their actions on minority and low-in-come populations. 
A healthy environment sustains a productive 
and healthy community which fosters personal and economic growth. 
Maintaining funds for environmental justice 
that go to Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, Minority-Serving Institutions, Tribal Colleges, and other organizations is impera-tive to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. 
The funding of these programs is vital to en-
suring that minority groups are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environ-ment and the continued preservation of their 
homes. 
Through education about the importance of 
environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. 
IMPORTANCE OF DOE ’S ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE  
PROGRAM ACTIVITIES  
Funds that would be awarded to this impor-
tant cause would increase youth involvement in STEM fields and also promote clean en-ergy, weatherization, clean-up, and asset revi-talization. These improvements would provide protection to our most vulnerable groups. 
This program provides better access to 
technology for underserved communities. To-gether, the Department of Energy and Depart-ment of Agriculture have distributed over 5,000 computers to low-income populations. 
The Community Leaders Institute is another 
vital component of the Environmental Justice Program. It ensures that those in leadership positions understand what is happening in their communities and can therefore make in-formed decisions in regards to their commu-nities. 
In addition to promoting environmental sus-
tainability, CLI also brings important factors in-cluding public health and economic develop-ment into the discussion for community lead-ers. 
The CLI program has been expanded to 
better serve Native Americans and Alaska Na-tives, which is a prime example of how various other minority groups can be assisted as well. 
Through community education efforts, 
teachers and students have also benefited by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. 
The Department of Energy places interns 
and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low- income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. 
Since 2002, the Tribal Energy Program has 
also funded 175 energy projects amounting to over $41.8 million in order to help tribes invest in renewable sources of energy. 
With the continuation of this kind of funding, 
we can provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities and help im-prove their environments, which will yield bet-ter health outcomes and greater public aware-ness. 
In fiscal year 2013, the environmental jus-
tice program was not funded. 
For fiscal year 2016, we ask that money be 
appropriated for the continuation of this vital initiative. 
We must help our low-income and minority 
communities and ensure equality for those who are most vulnerable in our country. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and support 
the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environ-mental Justice Program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For expenses necessary for the Office of the 
Inspector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.075 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2694 April 30, 2015 
$46,000,000, to remain available until Sep-
tember 30, 2017. 
ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES 
NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY 
ADMINISTRATION 
WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  
For Department of Energy expenses, in-
cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $8,713,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
$92,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairwoman, 
I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ) having assumed the chair, Mrs. 
BLACK , Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 231, I call up the conference report on the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 231, the con-ference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and state-
ment, see proceedings of the House of April 29, 2015, at page H2516.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE) 
and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thank-
ing everyone involved in getting us to this moment, where we have an agree-ment between the House and the Sen-ate Budget conferees on a joint bal-anced budget proposal before the Con-gress. 
All members of our committee and 
the conference committee and their staffs should be commended for their 
hard work. And I want to commend specifically the staff directors on both sides of the aisle. Rick May on the Re-publican side and Tom Kahn on the Democratic side worked yeoman’s serv-ice in making certain that their respec-tive Members were prepared for the ac-tivity that we have gone through over the past 4 months. 
We are set, Mr. Speaker, to adopt the 
first balanced budget of this kind in over a decade. That is important not only from an historical perspective but also for what it says about this Con-gress’ commitment to doing the work that the American people sent us here to do, to get it done, to move forward with positive solutions for a healthier economy and a stronger, more secure nation. 
b1615 
What we have before us today, Mr. 
Speaker, is a budget that balances within 10 years without raising taxes and reduces spending over $5 trillion over that period of time, which will not only get Washington’s fiscal house in order, but pave the way for stronger economic growth, more jobs, and more opportunity. 
It invests in our Nation’s priorities, 
ensures a strong national defense, and saves, strengthens, and protects impor-tant programs like Medicare and So-cial Security. 
Mr. Speaker, I know our friends on 
the other side of the aisle, we will hear from them, and they may have a dif-ference of opinion. If past is prologue, we are bound to hear from them a few items that they will talk about. They will say that our budget will, in their words, ‘‘hurt the middle class.’’ That statement bears no resemblance to re-ality, Mr. Speaker. 
In fact, what is hurting the middle 
class right now are the policies of our Democrat friends and President Obama that they have put in place, policies that have led to the worst economic re-covery in the modern era, stagnant wages and underwhelming growth in our economy. We just heard today, Mr. Speaker, that the economy grew in the first quarter by 0.2 percent. There is a reason for that. 
What we need to do is to get the 
economy rolling. The best thing we can do for the middle class—for hard-work-ing American families—is to get our economy turned around so more jobs are being created and more dreams are being realized. 
Guess what, Mr. Speaker. Our budget 
does just that through responsible re-forms that make government more ef-ficient, more effective, and more ac-countable by lifting the oppressive reg-ulatory regime here in Washington off the backs of job creators and entre-preneurs and by fundamentally reform-ing our Tax Code so it is simpler, fair-er, and American companies can better compete more effectively in the global economy. 
By doing all of that, Mr. Speaker, the 
Congressional Budget Office tells us that we will rein in deficits and lower 
government spending which will have a positive, long-term impact on the econ-omy as well as the budget, benefits like increases in the pool of national sav-ings and investment which would allow for more growth, job creation, and more economic security. 
Our friends on the other side of the 
aisle are fond of attacking our efforts to save, strengthen, and protect pro-grams like Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security. Why some folks here in Washington would be willing to let these programs go bankrupt is beyond me. Medicare and Social Security are going broke. That is not according to me. That is according to the trustees of the programs. 
Medicaid is not working for patients 
or the doctors who would like to be able to serve them. The status quo is unsustainable, and doing nothing is in-defensible. We can save these programs and improve them. We have to do so for the sake of their beneficiaries and for future generations, and our budget does just that. 
Further, Mr. Speaker, as I have men-
tioned before, our budget prioritizes the safety and security of the Amer-ican people, channeling important re-sources to our men and women in uni-form. We do so in a responsible way, in a manner consistent with current law, and without allowing further across- the-board cuts in defense spending. 
There are those who criticize how we 
do that, and I respect that there are differences of opinion on this, but, Mr. Speaker, I would hope that we can all agree that, when we are faced with hugely complex national security threats and growing unrest around the world, what we need to do is to find a way to move forward to ensure that those protecting our lives and our free-dom have the support and the training that they need. 
I look forward to an open and honest 
debate about the vision we have put forward to get our Nation’s fiscal house in order, to strengthen our Nation’s de-fenses, to protect our most vulnerable citizens, and to ensure a healthier economy for all Americans because that is exactly what this budget agree-ment does. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the agreement, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong opposition to this budget conference report. 
I do agree with the gentleman on one 
issue, which is that the staff of the Budget Committee on both sides, Re-publican and Democrat, have worked very hard; but, Mr. Speaker, I have to say that the product that is brought before us today is the wrong direction for America. 
We began with a House budget that 
was wrong for America, and we went to conference with a Senate budget that was wrong for America. It is not sur-prising, but it is still disappointing, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.021 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2695 April 30, 2015 
that we come to the floor today with a 
budget that is wrong for America. 
Why do I say that? We are all enti-
tled to our opinions, but we don’t get to make up our own facts. The reality is, according to the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office, the folks who are referees in this House, in this Con-gress, where people have competing opinions, they have said that this Re-publican budget will slow down the economy over the next couple of years. 
It is right here on page 3 of their re-
port. Real GNP, real economic growth per person, would be lowered by as much as 0.6 percent under the specified paths than under the baseline 2016 to 2018 CBO budget estimates. 
Let’s translate that. What that 
means is that, compared to what would happen in the economy without the Re-publican budget—if we didn’t have this—this will make things worse. This will slow down economic growth. This means less economic growth per person in the United States of America. That is not me saying it, that is the non-partisan budget experts saying it. So it is going to slow down economic growth, although we have good news, some good news in the economy, right. I mean, we have seen month after month now of positive economic growth. We would like to see the econ-omy grow faster, and we would like to see it grow stronger, but we have seen over 61 consecutive months of positive economic growth. Why in the world would we want a budget that over the next couple of years slows down that economic growth, according to the Congressional Budget Office? 
But it gets worse than that because 
one of the chronic problems we have seen in our economy, Mr. Speaker, over the last many years—not just 2 or 3 or 4, but over decades—is this phe-nomenon where Americans are working harder than ever and they are more productive than ever, but their pay-checks are flat. Their take-home pay is flat. 
You have rising worker productivity 
on the one hand; people are working harder than ever, but it is not trans-lating into higher wages and benefits. 
Back about 30 or 40 years ago—we 
had a chart with rising worker produc-tivity—guess what else was rising with it? It was worker wages. But, over the last 30 years, we have seen people working harder than ever, and produc-tivity has gone up, but wages for most Americans have been pretty flat in real terms. 
The gain of that increased worker 
productivity has flowed dramatically and overwhelmingly to folks at the very top end of the economic ladder, and God bless them. But why would we want to bring a budget to the floor of the House that squeezes even tighter and harder the people who are working hard every day and not seeing their paychecks go up? 
How does their budget make life 
harder for most Americans? First of all, Mr. Speaker, it increases taxes on working families. They get rid of the 
bump up in the Child Tax Credit. They get rid of the strengthening of the Earned Income Tax Credit. 
They eliminate entirely the college 
deduction that helps families afford college in this era of high tuition rates; they get rid of that. They eliminate the Affordable Care Act tax credits, meaning millions of Americans will no longer be able to access affordable care. 
Students, they actually start charg-
ing students higher interest rates on their loans. Right now, a student in college doesn’t have to pay interest on their loan while they are in college. Our Republican colleagues apparently think that $1 trillion of student debt is not enough. They want to charge them more. It is a fact under this budget. 
Seniors, they want to reopen the pre-
scription drug doughnut hole. It is not a secret. They have said they will do this. As a result, seniors with high pre-scription drug costs on Medicare will be paying lots more, and they will be paying higher copays for preventative health care under this Republican budget. 
Mr. Speaker, working families, stu-
dents, and seniors are all squeezed even tighter. 
I will tell you who is not squeezed at 
all under this budget, the folks at the very top. This budget green-lights the Romney-Ryan tax plan. What does that plan propose? Let’s cut the top tax rate for millionaires by one-third—by one- third. Let’s take it down from 39 per-cent to the 28, 25 percent range. That is who gets a big break in their tax rates. 
While they are cutting tax rates for 
folks at the very top, what else are they cutting? They are cutting our in-vestment in our kids’ education. They are cutting our investment in science and research at places like NIH. They are cutting our investment in modern-izing our infrastructure which has helped power our economy. 
Why? It is because they are cutting 
the portion of the budget we use to make those investments by 40 percent below the lowest level as a share of the economy since we have been keeping records in the 1950s. That is a dis-investment in America, so they are cutting those investments. 
I will tell you what they don’t cut, 
Mr. Speaker. They don’t cut one spe-cial interest tax break to help reduce the deficit, not one penny. Apparently, that corporate jet tax deduction? Oh, they really need it. Apparently, that special tax rate for hedge fund man-agers? They really need it because they don’t want to eliminate any of those in order to reduce the deficit. They do ap-parently want to increase taxes on working families and cut our invest-ment in education. 
Here is the sad part about it, Mr. 
Speaker. After all that, it still doesn’t balance, not by a long shot. Here is the chart. I’m sorry we have to go through this math so many times, but I will tell you that the current chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Senator 
E
NZI, before he became chairman, 
talked about this budget accounting scam that is at the heart of the Repub-lican budget and at the heart of the claim that they have a balanced budget because, you see, they claim that, at the end of the 10-year window, they are $33 billion in balance, but they also say they are eliminating the Affordable Care Act. 
Guess what, the budget relies on the 
same level of revenue as the Affordable Care Act. If you get rid of the Afford-able Care Act in those revenues, you are not close to balance. 
I will tell you what else it doesn’t 
take into account, the tax provisions. You may recall, Mr. Speaker, that we had on this floor, just about 10 days ago, a Republican proposal to elimi-nate the estate tax for estates over $10 million. 
That was the overwhelming economic 
priority of our Republican colleagues, to get rid of the estate tax for estates over $10 million, about 5,500 people in this country per year. You can put 
more people on a big cruise ship. That added about $260 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years. 
Guess what, it wasn’t accounted for 
in the Republican budget. If you did ac-count for that in the other tax cut measures for special interests that are being brought to the floor, it is even further out of balance, so this is just Alice in Wonderland accounting. 
Mr. Speaker, we really should be 
going back to the drawing board. We haven’t even talked about the whole sort of shell game being played with the OCO account, which is already hav-ing an impact on appropriations bills here in the House because our Repub-lican colleagues are doing this year the exact opposite of what they said we should do just last year. Read the Re-publican’s own budget conference com-mittee report. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just close with 
respect to veterans because the reality is that the first bill coming to the floor based on this budget conference report for veterans and military construction, the Veterans of Foreign Wars says it is bad for veterans. 
It has a lower amount for our vet-
erans than in the President’s proposal. We believe we should be true to the values and priorities of this country, and we don’t think that means giving folks at the very top, millionaires, an-other cut in their tax rate while disinvesting in the rest of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I must strongly oppose 
this Republican conference committee report because it really does take America down the wrong path, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), 
the distinguished vice chairman of the Budget Committee. 
b1630 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Chairman P
RICE for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.079 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2696 April 30, 2015 
extraordinary leadership throughout 
this entire process. And I want to thank my fellow conferees for their hard work, many hours over many days, to get us to where we are today and, of course, my fellow Budget Com-mittee members, both Republican and Democrat, for the robust discussion, debate, spirit, as it was sometimes. The process worked. We did go late into the night a few times. But we came out of those late nights, those long hours, with the product here today. 
The product here today, unfortu-
nately, is a more rare product than it should be. Mr. Speaker, for the first time since 2001, 14 years, we have a bal-anced joint budget resolution, bi-cameral. 
As a relatively new person to this 
Chamber, in my fifth year, and you think about why that is the case, you, unfortunately, in my opinion, have to conclude it is because most of the time we are talking about the demagoguery, like some of which we just heard, half the story, so to speak, about what is really going on here. If we had full dis-cussions about where this country real-ly needs to go, where this Federal Gov-ernment needs to go in terms of im-proving its debt and deficit picture, the whole budget picture, you would really see that the economy in this country could be better off with those honest, full discussions. 
This budget, for example, does bal-
ance in less than 10 years without rais-ing taxes—without raising taxes. The gentleman very much knows that the Budget Committee doesn’t write tax prescriptions; it is the Ways and Means Committee. We say in our budget docu-ment that the Ways and Means Com-mittee should get on with the business of tax reform. 
What the Congressional Budget Of-
fice that the gentleman mentioned says is that over the 10-year window of this budget agreement, the economy will grow $400 billion. That is hardly a contraction. $400 billion, at least to some of us, is a lot of money, and that is great for economic growth. This budget agreement does that. 
Do you see what I mean, Mr. Speak-
er, by ‘‘the whole story’’? 
It also ensures a strong national de-
fense, making sure that our troops have the money they need, but remain accountable to the money that is given. It gives us a chance to repeal in full, taxes and all, ObamaCare, and al-lows us a chance to start over with pa-tient-centered health reform. It hasn’t been done. We haven’t had that chance in a long time. ObamaCare, Mr. Speak-er, is an expensive proposition, and we are seeing more and more proof of that every day. 
It strengthens Medicare in the future 
without affecting those in or near re-tirement now. This is important. Some of us, for my friends on the conserv-ative side, have looked at the press re-ports and found, hey, we have given up on Medicare. Absolutely not; nor for Social Security. These are the drivers of our debt, Mr. 
Speaker, and our budget language re-mains intact. The fact of the matter is this conference committee report is numerically driven, not policy driven. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. ROKITA. And for everyone, this 
is what is driving our debt. These pieces of the pie. They are all attached together, whether it is Social Security, Medicare or Medicaid, or the interest we owe ourselves and others for the amount of money we are borrowing. 
Our ideas for correcting this debt, 
the drivers of our debt, are still in place. I call upon the authorizing com-mittees, whether it be Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, or any other com-mittee, to start working on reforming this debt. 
This budget agreement, Mr. Speaker, 
gives us the opportunity, finally, after 14 years, to start down that road. This is not a conclusion; this is a beginning, and I ask my Democratic friends to join us down that road. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would actually encourage all those 
authorizing committees to get to work trying to implement this budget so the American people can see just how bad it is. I would be curious as to whether they are actually going to do it in the next couple of months. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member. 
I rise in strong opposition to this 
budget. 
There is football and then there is 
fantasy football. Mr. Ranking Member, you were being very charitable when you used the word ‘‘scam.’’ This is a real lemon by any stretch—and you don’t have to use your imagination. 
This is a formula for another 2007– 
2008. This will be a duplication. And the pain caused by that decade, that 8 years of the 21st century, the budgets from 2001–2008 when we cut taxes in 2001 and we cut taxes in 2003, and then 2007 and 2008 the world fell apart. Why? An enormous loss of jobs every month. Look at the numbers. You want to hold up charts, hold them up. 
This agreement uses gimmicks to 
balance the budget and does so on the backs of the poor and the middle class and senior citizens. It imposes its cuts on programs that assist low- and mod-est-income Americans even though they constitute—those programs—less than one-fourth of the Federal spend-ing. 
The Republican plan would cause 
tens of millions of people to become uninsured or underinsured. I know how you are careful to even talk about that. In other words, if we are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act, make sure you put in a sentence about what 
we need to do about those people who have preconditions. 
Phony, phony, phony. You said it; we 
didn’t. 
Slashing funding for education, for 
research, for infrastructure. Wait until the bridges fall down and more people fall into the water. Cuts to nutrition, cuts to health will only increase pov-erty. Your claims that this budget bal-ances is a total farce—not a semi-farce, a total farce. 
Congressman V
ANHOLLEN produced a 
very strong, fair budget. It was a strong budget. It was dismissed. But I like it. I like it. Through the Chair to my ranking member, I like it when we are seen as irrelevant. We do our best work. 
So that is what you have got in front 
of you. This budget, while calling for a complete and total repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act, continues to assume the law’s $2 trillion revenue. That is not a farce. That is fantasy football. How could you do that? The bill stinks, but we will use the money in the bill. Explain that one. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gen-
tleman from New Jersey an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. PASCRELL. To me, when we get 
the taxes, this budget assumes that revenues remained unchanged from our current law. Someone needs to have a conversation with the chairman of Ways and Means, because he seems to be unaware. In fact, he stated explic-itly that he doesn’t think we should be using the current law baseline. He said it; I didn’t. 
Two weeks ago, this same majority— 
and I end on this point, Mr. Speaker— we passed $294.8 billion in unpaid-for tax breaks for Paris Hilton and Ivanka Trump and the rest of that crowd and their fortune enough to be left a nice inheritance. Much of that money has never been taxed in the first place. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair, not to other Mem-bers in the second person. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As I said when we talked about this 
the first time around, folks across this land, if they turn on the television and they take a look, you have got one par-ent yelling at the other: Hide the dog and the cat and the kids, sweetheart, they are talking about the budget. 
The distortion and the misrepresen-
tation that is coming from the other side, Mr. Speaker, it really is abso-lutely phenomenal. 
I am pleased to hear that the gen-
tleman likes their budget, and I com-mend him for liking their budget; but let me just state for the R
ECORD , Mr. 
Speaker, that neither their budget nor the President’s budget ever, ever, ever gets to balance. If the American people can’t live on borrowed money, their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.081 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2697 April 30, 2015 
Federal Government ought not do so 
either. 
Our budget gets to balance within a 
10-year period of time. It does so with-out raising taxes. That is why the American people are going to appre-ciate the work that is being done right here. 
I am very, very pleased to yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), an incredibly pro-
ductive member of our committee, and a member of the conference committee. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, what a difference a year 
makes. Since I came to Congress in 2011, my House Republican colleagues and I worked every year to pass a re-sponsible, timely budget that confronts our runaway spending in Washington; but meanwhile, the Senate Democrats refused to pass a budget during 4 of the last 5 years. That ends now. 
This year, our new American Con-
gress worked to pass a balanced budget in both the House and the Senate and to then unify our budgets through reg-ular order. I had the distinct privilege of serving on the budget conference committee, and I am pleased with the final product that we were able to de-liver. This will mark the first balanced budget, joint budget resolution, since 2002, and we did it without raising taxes. 
But we didn’t stop there. This budget 
would also erase the President’s disas-trous healthcare law, allowing us to start over on reforms that put patients and their doctors in charge, not Wash-ington bureaucrats. And we used the critical reconciliation tool to help en-sure an ObamaCare repeal bill that reaches the President’s desk so that we can put him on record, forcing him to make a decision and defend that to the American people. 
What is more, this plan supports the 
growth of 1.2 million jobs over the next decade, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. 
Mr. Speaker, as has been said many 
times before, budgets aren’t just a se-ries of numbers; they are a statement of our values. I believe the priorities found in this budget are shared by my constituents and reflect the values that we can all be proud of. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We keep hearing this mathematical 
fantasy that somehow the Republican budget balances. 
I just want to turn to an authority. 
He is the now-chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. Here is what he said last year: 
One of the problems I have had with budg-
ets that I have looked at is that they use a lot of gimmicks. Now, when there was an an-ticipation that ObamaCare would go away, and that all of that money would still be there, that’s not realistic. I’d like to see us get to a real accounting with the budget. 
Well, guess what, Mr. Speaker; the 
Affordable Care Act is still here, the revenue is still here, and the Repub-
lican budget assumes that revenue for the purpose of achieving balance at the same time they are getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. That leaves peo-ple’s heads spinning and it means the budget is not in balance. 
I am now happy to yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Y
ARMUTH ), a distinguished member of 
the Budget Committee. 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate Mr. V ANHOLLEN yielding. 
We are talking a lot about gimmicks. 
Even the conservative Financial Times said the Republicans had to resort to smoke and mirrors to make this budget balance. But I want to talk about one of the other tricks that is used. 
What the Republicans’ budget uses is 
they do something called dynamic 
scoring, which basically allows you to project all sorts of, probably, at least, speculative growth based on policies that they would anticipate doing. 
Now, here is a real-world example of 
that. This weekend is the Kentucky Derby. It would be as if somebody went out and said: I am going to buy a 2- year-old for $2 million. And then that 2-year-old I am sure is going to win the Kentucky Derby, so I am going to use that $3 million purse that that horse is certainly going to win next year, and I am going to plug that into my budget so my budget comes out ahead. 
Yes, it could happen, but there is no 
evidence to believe it will happen. That is one of the ways that this budget reaches so-called balance. 
There are other macroeconomic ef-
fects which we ought to consider, how-ever. As we have mentioned several times, this budget would direct the re-peal of the Affordable Care Act. 
The Deloitte professional services 
firm just did an audit of Kentucky’s ex-perience over the last 14 months, 15 months, with the Affordable Care Act. Here is what it said would happen in Kentucky over the next 6 years. 
b1645 
$30 billion in increased economic ac-
tivity, 44,000 new jobs, and a positive impact on the Kentucky State budget of $850 million—that is what would be eliminated from Kentucky. That is an-other effect of the Republican budget. Think about what it might do in other States—California, New York, Florida. For it to have that much impact in a State like Kentucky, the national ef-fect would be very consequential. 
Aside from all of the truly damaging 
ways in which this budget affects our economy and our citizens, we have to take note of the fact that there are im-pacts beyond just the Federal budget, and this budget would be a disaster for the American economy and the Amer-ican people. I urge its defeat. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
OOLENAAR ), a productive and de-
lightful member of our Budget Com-mittee and a freshman member of our conference. Mr. MOOLENAAR. I thank the chair-
man for his kind words and for yield-ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I am excited to say 
that, for the first time in many years, the House and Senate will adopt a uni-fied resolution for a balanced budget. The 2016 Federal budget resolution will set the guardrails for Federal spending, and it is a step in the right direction for our country. 
Families in my home State of Michi-
gan and across the country tighten their belts when there is a change in household income or expenses, and Washington needs to do the same. The 2016 budget resolution does not raise taxes on hard-working Americans. It keeps the promises that have been made to seniors while slowing the soar-ing national debt. Leaving less debt to our children is vital, and if we fail to act, debt payments will crowd out spending for the priorities of the Amer-ican people, including national secu-rity and protecting the Great Lakes. 
This budget provides for flexibility, 
and it gives States the opportunity to innovate on Medicaid policy, allowing them to design a safety net that works best for those in need. This will move Medicaid further away from Wash-ington bureaucrats and closer to the people it was meant to serve. 
This budget also calls for tax reform, 
which has the potential to add 1 mil-lion new private sector jobs. The Tax Code is over 74,000 pages long and was last overhauled 29 years ago. It is time for a pro-growth Tax Code that is sim-pler and fairer. 
This budget addresses our country’s 
fiscal problems in a responsible way, and it puts our Nation on a brighter path for our children and grand-children. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
my friend and colleague and the distin-guished Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this conference report. 
Written by House and Senate Repub-
licans alone, it reaffirms their commit-ment to a severe and unworkable pol-icy agenda that would harm the econ-omy and that stands little chance of being implemented. 
This budget conference report draws 
heavily on the House Republicans’ budget framework by eliminating the Medicare guarantee, turning Medicaid into a capped block grant, limiting Pell grants for college students, and cutting nutrition assistance while hid-ing $1 trillion in additional cuts behind a magic asterisk to be filled in at some time in the future. 
These proposals, if implemented, 
would be disastrous for our country, and I suspect even most Republicans wouldn’t vote to make them law, and I predict they will not vote to make them law. Still, many of its proposals must be taken very seriously. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.082 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2698 April 30, 2015 
The Republican budget conference re-
port includes reconciliation instruc-tions to fast-track yet another vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act, jeop-ardizing affordable coverage for mil-lions of Americans with no alternative in sight. 
It continues the Republican policy of 
sequester for nondefense priorities this year—a disinvestment suggestion, an undermining of America’s economy and its quality of life—and further limits our ability to invest in priorities like education, research, and infrastructure by $496 billion below sequester levels over the ensuing decade. This is the same sequester policy that the Repub-lican chairman of the Appropriations Committee called ‘‘unrealistic and ill- conceived.’’ Let me repeat that. He is the Republican chairman of the Appro-priations Committee, H
ALROGERS of 
Kentucky, and he said that the policies being pursued in this budget are ‘‘unre-alistic and ill-conceived.’’ He is right. 
Shamelessly, they propose to do all 
of this while exempting defense spend-ing from the sequester caps. Defense spending needs to be raised. It ought to be raised honestly and not pretend that some slush fund will pay for, not con-tingencies, which it is intended to do, but for regular defense investments, which we need to do. 
This budget conference report is, es-
sentially, a work of fiction, promul-gated as a message to the Republican base. I urge my colleagues to defeat it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. HOYER. Instead, let us work to-
gether in a bipartisan way to replace the unrealistic and ill-conceived—not my words but H
ALROGERS ’ words—and, 
I would add, completely unworkable se-quester caps with an alternative that enables Congress to invest in America’s future growth and prosperity. 
That is what our constituents want. 
That is what we owe them—honesty and responsibility. I hope this resolu-tion is defeated. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I would just remind my friend that we look forward to enacting and bringing forward the policies that are incorporated within this budget. In fact, just last night, the Armed Serv-ices Committee passed out on a 60–2 vote policies that are consistent with the spending on the defense area in this budget. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ), who is a won-
derfully productive and energetic mem-ber of the Budget Committee. 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, in watching this debate 
back and forth, I am reminded of the saying: ‘‘If you like sausage, don’t watch it being made.’’ The same is true, certainly, with the budget proc-ess, in fairness to my colleague from Maryland, and the same is true for the overall legislative process. It is a de-
cidedly human and imperfect process. 
What we have here is a result of the 
House and Senate coming together on a budget, and it is something that we haven’t seen for a long, long while. We certainly didn’t see it while H
ARRY  
REIDwas running the Senate. As a con-
sequence of the House and Senate com-ing together on a budget, we will see debate go to 11:30 or midnight tonight on appropriations bills, and they will do that week, after week, after week going forward. I, myself, will come down with an amendment on Energy 
and Water. I suspect other Members in this very Chamber will come down with 
similar amendments, saying, ‘‘I think we need to add something here,’’ or ‘‘we need to subtract something here.’’ 
That process of scrubbing the budget 
is something that has been absent for years. That process is called regular order, but regular folks back home would call it, simply, common sense because it is what they do every day. Vital to any well-run organization is that ability to go in and say, ‘‘This isn’t working so well over here. I think we need to take from here this low per-former and add to this high per-former.’’ It is done in churches; it is done in families; it is done in busi-nesses; and it needs to be done in the Federal Government. 
I think, as a matter of process, what 
we have is awfully, awfully important. For too long, our Federal Government has been running on automatic pilot. Entitlements run on automatic pilot, but, in essence, domestic discretionary has been running on automatic pilot as we run on CRs and omnibus bills. I mean, you would go bankrupt in no time if your mode of operation were to simply say, ‘‘I will take what I spent last year, and I am going to spend it again this year.’’ Yet that is the way the Federal Government has been run-ning, and it is this budget that actu-ally moves us away from that process. 
In fairness to my Democratic col-
leagues, this is important from the standpoint of democracy. When you have an omnibus bill or a CR, some-body is still deciding what goes into that stuff. It is oftentimes leadership and staff as opposed to rank and file Members going down to the floor and saying, ‘‘I think we need to subtract here or to add here.’’ So there are two different levels that, I think, are aw-fully important. 
Are there still deficiencies? Obvi-
ously so. I mean, I think that when you look at the budget cap issue and when you look at the issue of off budget those are both pathways to financial oblivion, and they have got to be ad-dressed. The bigger framework that has been set in place is by moving to reg-ular order and by the House and Senate coming together on a budget—thanks to your leadership, Mr. Chairman— which, I think, is vital. As a con-sequence, I will be supporting this measure. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), a ter-
rific new member of the Budget Com-mittee. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to express my opposition to the Republican budget because of the way that it treats our Nation’s veterans. 
As I have said during the Budget 
Committee debates, the Republican proposal does not provide our past and present servicemembers with the re-sources they need upon their return. Protecting our veterans is not an op-tion—it is our duty. We owe it to our veterans to provide them with quality health care, education, job training, and the long-term treatment they have earned through their service to our Na-tion. 
It is more than just a moral obliga-
tion. It is also a wise investment in America’s future. The Greatest Genera-tion was not called ‘‘the Greatest Gen-eration’’ in 1946. That term didn’t come about until the 1990s. It had as much to do with what our veterans of World War II did after the war, when they came home, as with what they did in it. To ensure success for today’s vet-erans, we need to do much better than the Republican proposal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. MOULTON. As a veteran, I see 
firsthand that insufficient funding for VA programs creates an environment in which our veterans fall through the cracks. I do not support simply throw-ing money at the current bureaucracy, but insufficient funding for the VA and its programs will only exacerbate this problem. 
We ought to be able to agree that 
caring for our veterans should be a na-tional priority. The budget before us today fails to prioritize our servicemen and -women, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has 13
1⁄2minutes 
remaining, and the gentleman from Maryland has 8
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 min-utes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ-BALART ), a very diligent and 
dedicated senior member of the Budget Committee. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I 
first need to commend and thank Chairman P
RICE for all of his hard 
work in putting this budget resolution together. This is a rare occasion on this floor. It has been a long time since we have had a budget agreement, and it is not an easy thing to do. As one of the House budget conferees, I can tell you that a lot of work has to be done and that a lot of difficult choices have to be made. 
Mr. Chairman, you have done a spec-
tacular job in getting this here to the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.083 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2699 April 30, 2015 
One of the most important things, 
Mr. Speaker, that the budget resolu-tion has to do is to, frankly, set the stage so that we can move forward on the appropriations process. We need a budget that puts Congress and our committees on a path to move forward, and this budget resolution does it. It balances the budget within 10 years, and it does so without raising taxes. 
It is no secret, I believe—and I think 
many of us believe—that the first re-sponsibility of the Federal Government is to protect the American people, and it is no secret that the world around us—I think greatly due to the failed foreign policy of this administration— is almost in flames. We see a growing instability, and we see a growing pres-sure to our allies, and we see the thugs and the enemies of freedom who believe they have a green light. 
We must provide for a strong na-
tional defense through the robust fund-ing of our troops, of their training, of their equipment, of their readiness. This budget does so. It accomplishes these goals while staying under the budget control caps—in other words, adhering to the law of the land. 
b1700 
It funds the military over the Presi-
dent’s request, without breaking the law and without raising taxes. Again, something that is easier said than done, but Chairman P
RICE has been 
able to do that. 
At a time when we see China’s rap-
idly growing defense capabilities, North Korea’s nuclear weapons pro-gram, Iran pursuing theirs, and grow-ing threats from terrorist groups, let’s not forget what our number one pri-ority has to be. 
This budget resolution reflects our 
commitment to our national security, to the men and women in uniform, to the safety of the American people. It does so, balancing the budget within 10 years. It does so without raising taxes. 
I know it is very easy to be critical; 
it is very easy to lecture why this is not perfect. It has been a long time coming. I am grateful for the leader-ship of Mr. P
RICE, of his counterpart in 
the Senate, Chairman E NZI. I ask the 
Members of this distinguished body to approve this well-thought-out, hard-ne-gotiated budget that funds our prior-ities, doesn’t raise taxes, and even bal-ances within 10 years. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), who has 
been focused on trying to make sure we have an economy that works for all Americans. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank 
Mr. V
ANHOLLEN for yielding. More im-
portantly, I want to thank him for his tireless work as our ranking member on the Committee on the Budget. It is truly a pleasure to serve with him. 
A budget is a moral document, a doc-
ument that really reflects our values as a nation. Unfortunately, this budget just does the opposite. Mr. Speaker, once again, this Congress is poised to 
take a huge step in the wrong direc-tion. 
The budget agreement before us is 
truly a work hard, get less budget that uses accounting gimmicks to balance the budget, once again on the backs of the most vulnerable. It calls for cuts to nondefense discretionary programs to-taling $496 billion below the already dismally low sequestered level. 
This means further draconian cuts to 
our education, our infrastructure, vet-erans, and health programs that have already been eviscerated by slash-and- burn Republican austerity plans. 
Today, more than 45 million of our 
fellow Americans are living in poverty. This agreement will push more people over the brink. With $300 billion in cuts to SNAP—that is our food assistance— $431 billion in cuts to Medicare, and a 
half trillion in cuts to Medicaid, strug-gling families will continue to fall fur-ther and further behind. 
We can’t forget how these cuts dis-
proportionately affect our commu-nities of color, who are more likely to be living in poverty. What is more, this is the latest in the misguided Repub-lican fixation on repealing the Afford-able Care Act, which the House has al-ready voted to repeal over 50 times. 
The number of uninsured Americans 
has gone down by 16 million since it was enacted. Why in the world do you want to take health care away from 16 million people? That is mean. 
This agreement continues to use the 
overseas contingency operation, OCO, account as a slush fund for overbudget Pentagon spending by including—I think it is—$38 billion over the Presi-dent’s request. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentle-
woman another 30 seconds. 
Ms. LEE. I introduced an amendment 
in committee to eliminate the OCO ac-count increase of $36 billion that was included in the House Republican budg-et. Members on both sides of the aisle have criticized OCO as an affront to transparency and Congress’ constitu-tionally mandated oversight respon-sibilities. 
Mr. Speaker, last month, we intro-
duced our Democratic, Congressional Progressive Caucus, and Congressional Black Caucus alternative budgets. Those budgets reflect real solutions to lift Americans out of poverty and to support the middle class. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
misguided and very cynical agreement that would put us on a path to a great-er unequal America that provides less liberty and less justice for all. It doesn’t reflect who we are as a nation. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), a senior, 
thoughtful member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, with this vote, our Na-
tion is about to take its first step away from financial ruin and back to pros-
perity and solvency. Our Nation’s debt has literally doubled in 8 years, now exceeding the size of our entire econ-omy. That debt requires us to make in-terest payments of $230 billion this year. That is nearly $2,000 from an av-erage family’s taxes just to rent the money that we have already spent. 
On our current path, that burden will 
triple within a decade, eclipsing our entire defense budget. Medicare and Social Security will collapse just a few years after that. Time is not our ally, and the future is not a pleasant place if we continue just a few more years down the road that we have been on. 
That is why this budget is so impor-
tant. It changes the fiscal course of our Nation, slowly pointing us back toward solvency and prosperity. It restores congressional oversight of an abusive Federal bureaucracy. 
It rescues our healthcare system 
from the nightmare of ObamaCare. It rescues Medicare from collapse. It adopts the time-tested progrowth poli-cies that produced the Reagan eco-nomic recovery and the unprecedented prosperity of the 1980s. 
If we can implement this budget, in 
10 years, deficits will turn to surpluses, and we can begin paying down this ru-inous debt at a pace that ensures that students now in college will retire into a prosperous, secure, and debt-free America. 
It is not perfect, and it is not com-
plete. Ahead of us are many months of legislating to build the governmental streamlining and reforms that it calls for, but if we can set this course and if we can stay this course, one day in the very near future, a new generation of Americans can know just how wonder-ful it is to awaken and realize that it is morning again in America. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ), another 
one of our terrific new members of the Committee on the Budget. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the 
conference report before us today is deeply flawed. It forces hard-working families to work more and take home less and puts our country on the wrong path. 
It concerns me that the budget put 
forth by my Republican colleagues does not address the deep, arbitrary, and damaging budget caps we are facing right now. These caps, which are so bad that they were never meant to become law, are now a reality, a reality that we are gutting our military and harm-ing working men and women and their families in multiple ways. 
The gimmicks in the conference re-
port do nothing to address the long- term structural problems that budget cuts have created at the Pentagon, and they do nothing on the nondefense side to help hard-working families buy a home, send their children to college, or enjoy a safe, secure retirement with adequate health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.084 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2700 April 30, 2015 
Democrats have a better way, a bet-
ter budget, one that creates greater op-portunity for a secure future. We need a secure budget, and we shouldn’t stand for anything less. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the 
distinguished majority leader of the House of Representatives. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. I want to take a moment and thank the chairman. He has done a tremendous job. Again, he has brought another budget to the floor that balances, but he has done something no one has done in 6 years. He has brought a bicameral budget. 
That is something that we shouldn’t 
just take for granted, something that the House and Senate couldn’t do for quite sometime. Your leadership has been tremendous. 
To my friend on the other side, you 
make a lot of debates, and I look for-ward to hearing them. I am thankful this time you have more Democrats on the floor helping you than you did a couple weeks ago, and that is helpful. That is helpful for a debate. This is the place we should have it. 
Two weeks ago, I was on this floor to 
talk about a budget. I said that a budg-et is a vision for the future; it sets out your priorities, but it also shows your values. Well, for the first time in 6 years, the House and Senate have got-ten together, worked out our dif-ferences, and drafted a bicameral budg-et. This budget shows America exactly where we stand. 
With this budget, we have a choice 
before us. Do we keep going down our current path? Or do we change course? Our current path adds to the debt; it is stuck in the past. In fact, the budget the Democrats offered would never bal-ance. 
I say to my friend, the ranking mem-
ber: we have a family close in age; we have children about the same age. My question to the other side is simply this: How will our kids invest in the fu-ture when they are busy paying for our past? 
The budget is a different course. It 
says that we will balance the budget and then actually start paying down the debt. It says that it is a more dan-gerous world, so we will increase spend-ing for defense. It says we will repeal ObamaCare, and it says no new taxes. It says that it is time to grow Amer-ica’s economy, not Washington. 
Mr. Speaker, the future is not about 
Washington; it is not about govern-ment trying and failing to solve our problems while adding more and more debt that our children and grand-children have to pay. America’s future, our 21st century, will be built by Amer-ican people. That is what this budget would do. It is the foundation for a strong American future and a future even brighter than our past. 
I look forward to taking the first 
steps to that future. I look forward to not leaving our children our debt, but leaving them a brighter future where 
they have greater opportunities. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just say to the 
Republican leader, who mentioned the children of America, that if the chil-dren of America learn Republican math, we are going to be in real trou-ble because they won’t be able to count. 
As the Republican chairman of the 
Senate Committee on the Budget has said, this kind of budget approach that claims balance because they take the level of revenue from the Affordable Care Act, when at the same time say they are repealing the Affordable Care Act, I think most kids can figure out that that is a shell game, and we are going to be in real trouble if that is the basis of teaching math in our schools, not to mention the fact that we have got a budget here that is squeezing peo-ple who are really working hard while providing a green light to tax cuts for people at the very top. That is also not a set of priorities I think that we want to pass on to our children. 
We want an economy that works for 
everybody, an economy where everyone who works hard can get ahead. I don’t see how we are going to get our kids ahead by providing tax cuts to folks at the top while cutting our kids’ edu-cation and making them pay more for their college loans. That is a recipe for decline. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the distinguished 
majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding and also for his leadership in bringing this budget to the floor. I really want to thank the entire Com-mittee on the Budget and the conferees for doing the hard work and the re-sponsible work of finally focusing on bringing responsibility and fiscal dis-cipline back to Washington. 
If you look at what has been hap-
pening all across the country, people are struggling. These are tough times. It is a tough economy. People’s wages are stagnant. They are paying more for food. They are paying more for elec-tricity. They are surely paying more for health care. 
They are looking to Washington and 
saying: Why doesn’t Washington start focusing on these problems? Why doesn’t Washington do what families are doing? Hard-working taxpayers live within their means. Why can’t Wash-ington do the same? 
This budget does that. It focuses on 
creating a healthy economy, actually getting jobs, and getting people back to work in this country, forcing Wash-ington to finally balance the Federal budget. 
b1715 
Mr. Speaker, when we pass this budg-
et, it will represent the first time since 2001 that Congress has come together 
to pass a budget that balances in the 10-year window. That shouldn’t be something that happens every 14 years; that should be something we do every year. 
The other side surely didn’t do it 
when they were in the majority. In fact, none of the budgets they brought to the floor ever get to balance—not 10 years, not 20 years, not 50 years. They rack up more debt. They increase taxes. There are over $2 trillion of new taxes in the President’s budget that he proposed, and he never gets to balance. 
This budget not only calls for good 
tax reform to make our country com-petitive again, lower rates so that fam-ilies can keep more of their money and invest in themselves and not grow the size of government, but it actually fo-cuses on getting more jobs in this country and stop shipping jobs out of the country. 
It repeals the President’s healthcare 
law that is causing so many problems, millions of people losing the good healthcare plans they have and paying more for it. 
We have got to finally bring this dis-
cipline back and finally force Wash-
ington to do what families have been doing and be responsible. 
It is a good budget. I am glad that we 
are going to be bringing it to the floor and passing it. Let’s get to doing the other work we need to do to get our economy back on track, and it starts here. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, how much time remains on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia has 5
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. The gentleman from Mary-land has 3
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This budget does not reflect the pri-
orities of the American people. If you ask most Americans what kind of econ-omy they want, they would say they want an economy that is growing rap-idly, with more shared prosperity. 
You don’t get that kind of economy 
with trickle-down economics with the kind of theory that is embedded in the Republican budget. That theory is that if you provide tax rate cuts to people at the very top—to millionaires—some-how the benefits are going to trickle down and lift everybody up. We tried that in the 2000s under George Bush. It didn’t work. 
What happened—not surprisingly—is 
folks at the top who got tax cuts ended up with even more take-home income. Everybody else was either treading water or falling behind. Why we would want a budget based on a failed eco-nomic strategy is going to leave the American public scratching their heads. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.086 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2701 April 30, 2015 
The approach we recommended was 
one where we provide more tax relief to hard-working Americans. We wanted to expand the provision for child and de-pendent tax credits so that people can make sure their kids are in a safe envi-ronment while they are at work and not have to break the family bank in order to do it. 
We want to invest in our kids’ edu-
cation; we want to invest in scientific research, and we want to pay for it by closing some of those tax breaks that encourage American corporations to ship American jobs and money overseas and getting rid of the special tax rates that hedge fund managers have that hard-working Americans don’t. 
We proposed fixing a tax system that 
is rigged in favor of the special inter-ests and the very powerful and chang-ing in a way that provides additional help to people who are being squeezed and are in the middle or working their way into the middle. That is an eco-nomic plan that works for everybody in the country, not one that just works for people at the very top. 
What we saw just last week was the 
number one economic priority of our Republican colleagues was to eliminate the estate tax on estates above $10 mil-lion, help 5,500 Americans run up the deficit by $270 billion, and then come back and say, Hey, the deficit just went up by $270 billion because we pro-vided an estate tax cut to estates $10 million and up. Now, let’s cut our kids’ education. Let’s increase the amount we charge seniors for their prescription drugs. Let’s raise the cost of student loans. Let’s cut our investment in kids’ education. 
That is what this Republican budget 
does. It is not that our colleagues don’t believe in this failed theory, but you would think, at some point, reality would intrude, and people would say we need an economy that works for every American, not just a few. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
budget. Let’s start again in a way that really reflects the greatness of Amer-ica. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on the conference report on S. Con. Res. 11. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I guess it is appropriate 
that we begin the process of this debate that is called ‘‘and now for the rest of the story.’’ 
For folks who are watching and for 
our colleagues who have been observing this debate and want more informa-tion, I would urge you to go to the Web site and take a peek at the resolution, budget.house.gov. You can get all sorts 
of information about the positive solu-tions that we are putting forward. 
It is not just our opinion. We have 
got a lot of folks who are out there supporting the resolution that we put forward. 
The 60 Plus Association says: 
On behalf of more than 7 million senior cit-
izen activists, the 60 Plus Association ap-plauds the leadership of you and Senate Budget Committee Chairman E
NZIin putting 
forth a responsible balanced budget plan. Not only will this legislation protect today’s sen-iors, but it will also protect our children and grandchildren. 
The National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business says: 
On behalf of the NFIB, the Nation’s leading 
small business advocacy organization, thank you for your efforts . . . NFIB and small- business owners strongly support your ef-forts. 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce: the 
world’s largest business federation rep-resenting interests of more than 3 mil-lion businesses—those are jobs, Mr. Speaker—of all sizes, sectors, and re-gions strongly supports your resolu-tion. 
The Association of Mature American 
Citizens: 
On behalf of 1.3 million members of AMAC 
. . . I am writing to applaud the House and Senate for working to pass a budget this year and to convey our strong support for the policies set forth therein. 
There is significant support literally 
from across the country, Mr. Speaker. 
I want to address some very specific 
issues that have come forward because, as I say, now, it is time for the rest of the story. 
Our friends talk about the lack of 
growth within our budget. In fact, that is not the case. In fact, the Congres-sional Budget Office stipulates that over $400 million in growth will occur in the first 10-year period of time. We believe it will be much more than that because we believe in a dynamic mar-ket. 
We believe that, when you allow the 
economy to thrive, when you allow folks to have more jobs and more op-portunity and more dreams realized, that in fact you get the economy roll-ing to a greater degree and actually more increase in growth will occur within the economy. 
We have heard from our friends on 
the other side about all these tax in-creases that are in this budget. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you very clearly: there are no tax increases in this budg-et. We balance the budget within a 10- year period of time with no tax in-creases. What they describe is their ex-trapolation on what they think policy is going to be. 
As you know and our colleagues in 
this Chamber know, it is not the Budg-et Committee that brings forward tax resolutions. It is the Ways and Means Committee. We charge the Ways and Means Committee with coming forward with progrowth tax policy to get this economy rolling again and to actually get rates down—yes, for large and small businesses, so that we can create 
more jobs, but, yes, Mr. Speaker, for the American people as well. 
That is our vision. That is our goal. 
That is what we think ought to occur again so that more dreams can be real-ized and more Americans can have the kind of opportunity that they so de-sire. 
We have heard a lot of talk about 
student loans. Mr. Speaker, this budget resolution does not decrease student loans, does not decrease the Pell grants. It is important that the Amer-ican people know that. If you don’t be-lieve it, just go to the Web site. Read the resolution at budget.house.gov. 
We have heard over and over and over 
again about the talk on health care. In fact, one individual on the other side of the aisle said we were ‘‘taking away health care from 16 million.’’ 
Nonsense, Mr. Speaker, nonsense—it 
just simply is not so. What we believe is that we ought to have a healthcare system that actually works for pa-tients and families and doctors and al-lows them to make medical decisions and healthcare decisions, not Wash-ington, D.C., not the Federal Govern-ment. That is not what the American people want. 
We are mired in a system right now 
that the President forced down the throats of the American people and our friends on the other side of the aisle forced down the throats of those of us in this Congress a few short years ago. We are mired in a system that actually is providing less quality of care and less affordability and less access to care. 
That is not what we believe ought to 
happen. What we do is charge the com-mittees with coming forward with that patient-centered solution, a solution that will again put patients and fami-lies and doctors in charge. 
Then we hear about continuing the 
sequester. You are right. We do follow 
the law of the land, Mr. Speaker, be-cause the budget resolution can’t change the sequester. 
I challenge my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle and I invite them to work together as we move forward over the next number of months to get together and solve the challenge of se-quester in a responsible way by de-creasing spending on the mandatory side so that we can find the resources that are so vitally necessary on the discretionary side. I welcome the op-portunity to work with my colleagues. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a budget that 
gets our Nation’s fiscal house in order. It is a budget that would get folks back to work. It is a budget that would save and strengthen and secure Medicare and Medicaid, put us on a path to sav-ing Social Security. It is a budget that protects our national defense. It is a budget that deserves support in this Chamber. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to take this opportunity 
to thank the staff of the House Budget Com-mittee and the Office of the Sixth District of Georgia. We are on the cusp of agreeing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.087 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2702 April 30, 2015 
this budget resolution, due in large part, to the 
hard work and dedication of my staff. For the past four months, they have worked many long hours and out of the spotlight to help build a budget that balances within 10 years. It has been an honor to work with each of these staff members as they have helped craft a budget this Congress can be proud of, and the staff should be proud of what they have helped accomplish. 
HOUSE BUDGET COMMITTEE STAFF  
Alex Campau, Alex Stoddard, Amanda 
Street, Andy Morton, Ben Garndenhour, Brad Watson, Dick Magee, Eric Davis, Emily Goff, Ersin Aydin, Jane Lee, Jenna Spealman, Jim Bates, Jim Herz, Jon Romito, Jose Guillen, Justin Bogie, Kara McKee, Kelle Long, Kyle Cormney, Mary Popadiuk, Pat Knudsen, Paul Restuccia, Rich Kisielowski, Rick May, Ryan Murphy, Tim Flynn, William Allison. 
PERSONAL AND DISTRICT OFFICE STAFF  
Brent Robertson, Carla DiBlasio, Charlene 
Puchalla, Cheyenne Foster, Daniel Grey, Devin Krecl, Gary Beck, Jennifer Poole, Kris Skrzycki, Kyle McGowan, Kyle Zebley, Megan Wells, Meghan Dugan, Meghan Graf, Ryan Brooks, Tina McIntosh, Warren Negri. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 231, 
the previous question is ordered on the conference report. 
The question is on the conference re-
port. 
Pursuant to clause 10 of rule XX, the 
yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, fur-
ther proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1740 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ) at 5 o’clock and 
40 minutes p.m. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the question on adop-tion of the conference report on the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the conference report. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 226, nays 197, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 183] 
YEAS—226 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—197 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Buck 
Garrett Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1815 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. ROGERS of Alabama, COLE, 
STEWART, FINCHER, and REICHERT changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the conference report was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
183 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2029. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\H30AP5.REC H30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2703 April 30, 2015 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
DOLD) kindly take the chair. 
b1817 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for mili-tary construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
OLD(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, April 29, 2015, a request for a re-corded vote on amendment No. 3 print-ed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD of-
fered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) had been postponed, and the bill 
had been read through page 67, line 10. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
An amendment by Mr. V
ANHOLLEN of 
Maryland. 
An amendment by Mr. M ULVANEY of 
South Carolina. 
An amendment by Mr. M ULVANEY of 
South Carolina. 
An amendment by Mr. N ADLER of 
New York. 
An amendment by Mr. B LUMENAUER  
of Oregon. 
An amendment by Mr. P OCAN of Wis-
consin. 
An amendment by Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . VAN HOLLEN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 229, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 184] 
AYES—191 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher 
Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—229 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Issa 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis Meadows 
Payne Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1822 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida changed his 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 229, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 185] 
AYES—192 
Adams 
Amash Beatty Becerra 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.093 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2704 April 30, 2015 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Burgess 
Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—229 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise 
Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Issa 
NOT VOTING—9 
Buck 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis Miller (FL) 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1827 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 231, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 186] 
AYES—190 
Adams 
Amash Beatty Becerra 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—231 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.030 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2705 April 30, 2015 
Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Issa 
NOT VOTING—9 
Buck 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Kaptur Lewis 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1831 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
AD-
LER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 167, noes 254, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 187] 
AYES—167 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Bustos 
Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—254 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis Payne 
Price (NC) Slaughter Smith (WA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1834 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BLUMENAUER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 210, noes 213, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 188] 
AYES—210 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera 
Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.033 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2706 April 30, 2015 
Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins 
Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter 
Perry Peters Pingree Pocan 
Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—8 
Buck 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1839 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 237, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 189] 
AYES—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.036 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2707 April 30, 2015 
Mica 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Buck 
Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1842 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . HICE OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. 
HICE) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 232, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 190] 
AYES—190 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—232 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney 
Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Barton 
Buck Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Payne Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1846 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 235, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 191] 
AYES—186 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.035 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2708 April 30, 2015 
Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—235 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham 
DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Crenshaw Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Payne Smith (MO) Smith (WA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1849 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise and re-port the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the rec-ommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amend-ed, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. D OLD, Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation 
that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
House Resolution 223, the previous question is ordered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Kirkpatrick moves to recommit the 
bill H.R. 2029 to the Committee on Appro-priations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
In the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account, on page 
27, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
In the ‘‘General Administration’’ account, 
on page 30, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. 
As we witnessed last year during the 
VA’s patient access crisis, the VA does not have the resources it needs to care for our Nation’s veterans. Last year, I worked tirelessly with my colleagues to pass the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, which estab-lished the VA Choice Program, allow-ing our veterans to seek care outside the VA when they live too far from a VA medical facility or cannot receive timely care. 
While some improvements in the VA 
patient access have been made, I know from listening to the veterans in my district and from veterans service orga-nizations that veterans are still strug-gling to access care. This bill, in its current form, underfunds the VA by over a billion dollars—a billion dollars. The Arizona Department of Veterans’ Services and the Arizona VFW and vet-erans groups all over Arizona and this country are opposed to these cuts. 
This motion to recommit will pro-
vide an additional $15 million for vital medical services, long-term care, men-tal health treatment, assistance to homeless veterans, substance abuse treatment, and caregiver support. $15 million toward these essential services for our veterans is tiny in comparison to the drastic cuts to the VA’s budget in this bill. This $15 million is paid for by a reduction in administrative ex-penses, so this money will go directly to providing care for veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to remind my 
colleagues that the VA Choice Program will end next year. Whether or not vet-erans are given a choice where they may receive their care, the VA will still need adequate funding and re-sources to care for our veterans. 
I would also like to remind my col-
leagues that just 2 months ago we learned from another whistleblower that the Phoenix VA’s mental health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.040 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2709 April 30, 2015 
facility is significantly 
underresourced. Due to significant understaffing and mismanagement, veterans contemplating suicide and veterans seeking treatment for sub-stance abuse will be unable to receive the immediate care they need. This is horrible and unacceptable. 
While it is necessary that we con-
tinue to hold the VA accountable, ad-dress the VA’s management issues, and prevent waste, we will not solve the VA’s patient access problem without ensuring the VA has the resources it needs to provide timely and quality care. Veterans will continue to wait if the resources are not there. 
If we do not address the lack of VA 
resources now, we will continue to hear heartbreaking stories from veterans who are unable to receive timely treat-ment. If the VA Choice Program ends without reauthorization and funding, those veterans will return to the VA, and veterans new to the VA will also need treatment. We will then face an-other patient access crisis, and this time it will be our fault. 
Caring for veterans is a cost of war. 
Cuts to government spending should not be shouldered by the men and women we have chosen to place in harm’s way. We have a moral obliga-tion to ensure these brave Americans who have fought and sacrificed for us receive the health care and the benefits they have earned. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, as Members 
of Congress, we have a serious responsi-bility to exercise proper oversight. This bill has long enjoyed broad bipar-tisan support and was brought up through an open process that allowed all voices to be heard and all opinions to be considered. 
Now, I was proud to work in a bipar-
tisan manner with Ranking Member B
ISHOP on this bill. He is a good friend 
and a good man and a good partner. We considered, together, 715 Member re-quests while drafting this bill, of which 562 were from Democratic Members, and we did our best to accommodate the Members on both sides of the aisle. I believe we did. We were successful. We then considered 43 additional amendments, proposals yesterday and all last night. This motion to recommit could have been offered at anytime during this debate, but they chose to do it tonight. 
By the way, I should let you know, 
too, the bill that we are going to be considering passed last year with all but one vote. The bill that we are going to be considering spends 6 percent more than the one last year. 
I want to say something about the 
motion to recommit. It reflects the ad-ministration’s continuing efforts to de-flect their management failures at the VA on the Congress. And the gentle-lady who just spoke said this bill cuts 
spending. Well, it does not. 
b1900 
It is a 6 percent increase over last 
year. It is not a cut. 
Yes, I know the administration 
doesn’t want us to talk about the $930 million cost overrun at the Denver VA medical construction project, and there are others. I know they don’t want us to discuss the pervasive ne-glect and mismanagement at the Philadelphia VA regional office, and of course, they don’t want us to discuss the atrocious failure to serve countless veterans in Phoenix. 
I know the administration doesn’t 
want us to talk about the cost overruns in Denver, Orlando, or wherever else they may occur—New Orleans. They don’t want us to talk about the prob-lems in Philadelphia, where the inspec-tor general, just 2 weeks ago, provided a laundry list of horrible failures. 
Most of all, they don’t want us to 
talk about or discuss the atrocious fail-ure to serve countless veterans in Phoenix, many of whom, tragically, paid for the VA’s mistakes with their own lives. 
The Obama administration has con-
trolled this government for 6 years. It is time that they take responsibility for the VA’s failures and allow us to move forward with this bill to increase the services and resources available to our veterans and servicemembers. 
For the administration to say they 
would veto this bill because we pro-vided a 6 percent increase for the VA over enacted levels, instead of a 9 per-cent increase, is the sort of incendiary threat that can only make sense here in Washington. 
Only here in Washington can a 6 per-
cent increase be called a cut. Every-where else in America, that is called an increase, 6 percent above last year. Congress should not be expected to be-have like potted plants and simply ac-cede to the President’s request that does not adhere to the budget caps that he signed into law himself. 
By the way, just for some numbers, 
the bill provides $48.6 billion for VA medical services—$3.4 billion above last year’s level—plus we provide ad-vance funding for fiscal year ’17 at $51.7 billion. 
Our bill is a good bill in its current 
form. It targets the needs of homeless veterans, caregivers who sacrifice their time and livelihood to care for their in-jured servicemembers, and those vet-erans waiting too long for decisions on their disability claims. 
In all these areas, the bill provides 
every dollar the administration re-quested, but that good news story ap-parently doesn’t fit the gloom and doom narrative of this administration which, once again, doesn’t want to ac-knowledge the management failures at the VA, and they are saying a 6 percent increase is a cut. 
We know better. The American peo-
ple know better. The veterans know better. It is time that we reject this 
motion and support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 236, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 192] 
AYES—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.111 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2710 April 30, 2015 
NOES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Allen Barton Bilirakis Buck Herrera Beutler Hinojosa 
Lewis Payne Pelosi Smith (MO) Smith (WA) 
Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1908 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas 
and nays are ordered. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 255, noes 163, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 193] 
YEAS—255 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—163 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—13 
Buck 
DeFazio Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis Neal 
Payne Slaughter Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth 
b1914 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Pursuant to House Resolu-
tion 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.039 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2711 April 30, 2015 
b1917 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) 
had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 29, line 4. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 29, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $167,050,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $167,050,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, over 
the next decade, the U.S. is set to spend hundreds of billions of dollars op-erating and upgrading our nuclear ar-senal. But in this budget environment, every dollar we spend to keep our out-dated and oversized nuclear arsenal functioning is a dollar we aren’t spend-ing on other priorities that keep us safe and secure or on reducing our unsustainable debt and deficits. That is why the amendment I am offering with Mr. P
OLIS will put $167 million towards 
deficit reduction by placing funding for the new nuclear-armed cruise missile warhead back on its original 2015 ac-quisition schedule. 
In the FY 2015 budget, production of 
the warhead was scheduled to begin in 2027, but this year’s budget request sped up the development for the war-head by 2 years. This is despite the fact that the existing air-launched cruise missile and warhead isn’t being phased out until the 2030s. And there is plenty of uncertainty about whether this pro-gram is affordable or even necessary. 
Chairman S
IMPSON is so concerned 
about the cost of the warhead that lan-guage was included in the E and W re-port to require a red team assessment on the affordability of the program— and for good reason, given our history of spending large amounts of money on warhead programs that end up getting tabled. 
Given the cost concerns over the pro-
gram, does it really make sense to rush the acquisition process? 
Furthermore, as some experts note, 
there is no longer a need to shoot nu-clear cruise missiles from far away when we have the most advanced 
bomber ever created in our arsenal, the B–2 stealth bomber, which is capable of penetrating enemy airspace and drop-ping a nuclear bomb directly above a target. And if we decide we want to shoot nuclear missiles from thousands of miles away, we still have very ex-pensive submarines and very expensive ICBMs capable of doing just that. 
So ask yourselves: Should we really 
be accelerating the development of a warhead that goes on a missile we don’t need and could cost hundreds of millions, if not billions, more than an-ticipated? 
I ask my colleagues to support my 
commonsense amendment to maintain funding at the program’s FY 2015 ac-quisition schedule, and save the tax-payers $167 million in the process. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
Ensuring funding for the moderniza-
tion of our nuclear weapons stockpile is a critical national security priority in this bill. The bill fully funds the $195 million needed to initiate a life exten-sion program for the W80 warhead, the only nuclear-tipped cruise missile in the U.S. nuclear arsenal. The life ex-tension program will replace non-nuclear and other components to ex-tend the life of the W80, and to ensure it can be deployed on the Air Force’s long-range stand off cruise missile, or LRSO, should that program move for-ward. 
The budget request was considered a 
2-year acceleration of the LRSO pro-gram, compared to last year’s stockpile plan, to meet a defense requirement for deployment in 2030. However, it is clear that there is considerable planning that needs to be accomplished by the administration before Congress can have confidence in these long-term stockpile plans. 
While 2030 may seem like many years 
away, these warheads are very com-plex, and there is considerable amount of work to accomplish between now and then. Performing additional work earlier in the schedule will allow the NNSA to reduce technical risk and limit any cost growth. The gentleman’s amendment would slash funding for this effort, and that will add additional risk and uncertainty to the schedule. 
We must do the work that is needed 
to extend the life of this warhead as long as there is a clear defense require-ment for maintaining a nuclear cruise missile capability. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-
spect Chairman S
IMPSON ’s request that 
language be included in the E and W re-port to require a red team assessment 
of the affordability of this program. All I am adding to that is, if we have ques-tions about the affordability of this program, a program that is not going to take place for some time, do we real-ly want to accelerate the spending pro-gram? 
In this budget environment, it does 
not make sense to accelerate the devel-opment of a warhead while, at the same time, requiring an assessment on its affordability. Why would we put more money into a program that may end up getting tabled? Shouldn’t we at least wait until the release of the red team report before adjusting the acqui-sition schedule? 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Members are re-
minded to please not traffic the well while another Member is under rec-ognition. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Again, I would urge 
my colleagues to vote against this amendment. 
As I said, performing additional work 
earlier in the schedule will allow the NNSA to reduce technical risk and limit any cost growth while we are finding out about what the red team assessment comes up with. So I think this is important that we defeat this amendment so that we can move for-ward with modernization of this war-head. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 29, line 2, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, we 
just heard Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. S IMP-
SONin a debate about this very same 
issue, and I don’t want to cover the exact same ground, but I want to put this in the context of, I think, a very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.117 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2712 April 30, 2015 
serious concern that all of us ought to 
have. 
The rebuilding, or what is known as 
the life extension program for our nu-clear bombs, is but one small part, ac-tually, one very large part, but small in comparison to the total recondi-tioning, rebuilding of our entire nu-clear enterprise. 
And when you consider the totality 
of what we are doing in this appropria-tions bill and last night, when we took up the defense authorization bill, you can only, and you must, come to the conclusion that the United States is now involved in a very significant, total restructuring and rebuilding of our entire nuclear deterrent system. It is not just the six to seven different nu-clear warheads that are going to be re-built at a cost of several tens of bil-lions of dollars; it is also all of the de-livery systems. We are, in fact, engaged in a new nuclear arms race. 
Now, many of us grew up in the six-
ties and seventies—fifties, sixties, and seventies—and I think all of us have a memory of the arms race and all of the drills, hiding underneath the table, all of that trouble. I think we have a mem-ory of what went on with the Cuban Missile Crisis. 
When you step back and look at what 
we are doing in the appropriations bill before us as well as in the National De-fense Authorization Act, you must come to the conclusion that we are on the path to spend $1 trillion over the next 25 to 30 years rebuilding the entire nuclear enterprise. We have, in this bill, all of the nuclear weapons. 
In this one, we went from some $9 
million last year for this W80 to over $190 million in this bill. Yes, there are safeguards and, yes, we ought to pull all of this money back until we decide how this fits into the new cruise mis-sile, the new long-range cruise missile replacing the old variety. 
That goes on the new stealth bomber, 
the LSRO, a new stealth bomber, at $550 million a copy, more than half a billion dollars a plane. A cruise mis-sile, a new plane doing the exact same thing, and that is to be added to a new Minuteman missile for the silos in the Midwest, the upper Midwest, new Min-uteman III missiles. 
That will be added to the new sub-
marines that are going out there with new missiles and new warheads and, on top of that, some new stealth tech-nology that is going on that we really can’t even talk about. 
But it is happening, $1 trillion in a 
nuclear arms race that is being rep-licated by China and Russia, the United Kingdom and France. 
What in the world is this world com-
ing to? 
This isn’t Iran. Iran is a separate 
issue, significantly important, but this is different. This is the major nuclear- armed countries in the world, all of them, upgrading their nuclear systems. 
We have the new bombs, new preci-
sion bombs. We have the new delivery system, stealth. It is extraordinarily dangerous because the hair trigger of 
the past and all of the rules of the past are now going to be put aside, and now we have a really, really, fine hair trig-ger. 
b1930 
You won’t know but a few minutes 
ahead of time when it is incoming be-cause it is a stealth bomber or a cruise missile or even a hypersonic missile. And suddenly, there you are; you have got seconds to make a decision about whether you are going to annihilate the world or not. How do you respond to this? 
And you have got Russia over there 
talking about using a nuclear weapon as a deterrent to reduce some sort of standard military conflict. This is an extraordinarily dangerous situation. 
I want to draw the attention of the 
entire House and use this particular ef-fort to reduce this account by $25 mil-lion. The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), I think, had a better pro-
posal, and that is to reduce the whole thing. 
But here we are. Pay attention, men 
and women of this House and of the Senate. Pay attention to what the overarching issue is here. It is the opening quarter of a new nuclear arms race among the great powers of the world. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The bill fully funds the request of 
$195 million to initiate a life extension program for the W80 warhead. The life extension program will replace non-nuclear and other components to ex-tend the life of the W80 and to ensure it can be deployed on the Air Force’s Long-Range Standoff cruise missile, or the LRSO, should that program move forward. 
Certainly, the committee will look to 
realign the work that needs to be done on the W80 if there are changes to the schedule for the LRSO. But as long as that program stays on track, we need to make sure that the work that needs to be done by the NNSA is properly aligned with those efforts. 
The gentleman’s amendment would 
make it more difficult for the NNSA to meet its schedule requirements, and I urge Members to oppose this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  
For Department of Energy expenses, in-
cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for de-fense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $1,918,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D– 143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and by prior Acts that remain unobligated for such Project, may be made available only for construction and program support activi-ties for such Project. Provided further , That 
of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under this heading, $10,394,000 is hereby rescinded: Provided fur-
ther, That no amounts may be rescinded 
from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FORTENBERRY  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 29, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $13,802,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $3,802,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Nebraska and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Nebraska. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
first of all, it is my understanding that our chairman, Chairman S
IMPSON , as 
well as Ranking Member K APTUR actu-
ally support this amendment. I want to express my gratitude to the chairman for working with me and thinking critically as to how we make our nu-clear nonproliferation architecture more robust. 
What this amendment does is it 
moves $13.8 million from the mixed oxide portion of our nonproliferation account over to the nuclear smuggling and detection account and the research and development account as well. 
Nuclear smuggling and detection is 
an important part of our nonprolifera-tion regimen, and research and devel-opment into better techniques to de-tect the illicit movement of fissile ma-terial or technology has to be one of the more robust policy considerations moving forward, not only in this appro-priations bill but as a body here, ensur-ing that we, again, are focused sin-gularly on the nonproliferation threats that are occurring throughout the world as this technology spreads and as fissile material potentially becomes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.120 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2713 April 30, 2015 
more available to those who would use 
it for potentially great harm. 
I also want, in the amendment, to 
point out why this money is taken from the mixed oxide program. 
Currently in the bill, we are spending 
about $345 million on this program. But MOX is expensive, and its future is un-clear. We have to come to some policy decision here. We keep digging this hole and digging this hole. This policy is adrift, and it is costing taxpayers a great deal of money. It is not fair in terms of public policy. It is not fair to taxpayers. It is not fair to the people of South Carolina and Georgia because of this uncertainty. 
So we need a decision here. If it is, 
No, we are not going to proceed with MOX, then we have to develop an un-derstanding of what we are going to do with this material, whether it is blend it down or store it or whether we need to rethink the entire public policy that led us to this point, which is about 20 years old, and whether perhaps this ought to become some sort of inter-national consortium, for instance, to deal with this particular issue and share in the cost. 
If the answer is, Yes, we are going to 
proceed with MOX, then spending $345 million a year to sort of keep it open, with a little bit extra, and that cost to keep it open—to keep it in cold stor-age, as we say—is approximately $200 million, so we throw in a little more on top. It doesn’t get us to final comple-tion. It doesn’t even really get us on that road. 
So the policy here is adrift, and we 
have got to come to some deeper con-sideration as to what we are going to do. 
The problem with MOX fundamen-
tally is the initial cost was $1 billion. Now we are looking at $7 billion. The lifecycle costs are skyrocketing. So some clear, deliberate decision. And if it is ‘‘yes,’’ we need to expedite this, and we need to do so in a cost-con-scious manner. If it is ‘‘no,’’ let’s turn to other alternatives quickly so that we can move more of these funds into the robust portions of our nonprolifera-tion regimen, our architecture to en-sure that we bring down the prob-
ability of a nuclear weapons explosion as close to zero as possible, ensuring as well that we are keeping this material out of others hands. 
With that, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
commend the gentleman for taking up this issue. The MOX facility lifecycle cost is now over $47 billion and at the end of the day will not solve the prob-lem. 
The disposition of the unnecessary 
plutonium stock can be done in other ways. We ought to set aside that money. You are quite correct to put it into nonproliferation issues, trying to figure out where the loose nukes might be around the world. 
Mr. Chairman, I will draw your at-
tention and the attention of the gentle-men and gentlewomen here today that 
in yesterday’s National Defense Au-thorization Act, those facilities that sense the movement of nuclear mate-rials across borders, the in-place were withdrawn, taken out. We ought to pay attention to that, put those back in in one more piece. 
I commend the gentleman for being 
right on. And we do need to sort out the MOX facility and come to some conclusion; otherwise, we are in a $47 billion rathole that won’t solve the problem. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I thank the 
gentleman for his comments. 
Mr. Chairman, I commend the chair-
man for trying to work with me. This is a difficult position. The chairman has a very difficult task here of bal-ancing competing ends. I really appre-ciate the way in which he has artfully drawn together an important bill here. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from Nebraska for his efforts in nonproliferation and his strong advo-cacy for this program and trying to be-come the expert. And really, he is what I consider maybe one of the foremost experts in the House on nonprolifera-tion issues. I thank both the gentleman from Nebraska and the gentleman from California for their efforts in this area. 
It is a challenging issue for us. You 
know, I was interested to hear the $47 billion because I have heard $31 billion. I have heard $30 billion. There are all sorts of different estimates, and we haven’t got the numbers of how they came to these conclusions. And when they look to the alternatives in this re-port that just came out from the De-partment, they said, if I remember cor-rectly, the downblend activities had a cost that was much less. But if you look at the downblend alternatives, what they didn’t add into it is that you would put that material in WIPP theo-retically. 
First of all, you would have to get 
WIPP extended. It is supposed to be closed. So you have got a 15-year ex-tension of what you would have to do. There was no cost in there for the oper-ation of WIPP for those 15 years and what it was going to cost. So we are still having a hard time coming to grips with what the actual cost of the different alternatives are. 
This is one of those things that it is 
frustrating for our committee, I think, over the years for a lot of different things. Where we head down one path, spend billions of dollars, and then all of a sudden, change directions. And it seems like we are throwing money away. 
But I am open to looking at what the 
alternatives are, and I want to look at the numbers behind the report that came out. But this amendment simply 
adds and reduces the defense nuclear nonproliferation account by the same amount. Therefore, the language of the amendment doesn’t change the amounts directed specifically for the MOX project in the House report, which will continue to be funded at $345 million. 
But I understand both of your con-
cerns. They are concerns I share. And they are concerns we need to address because you are absolutely right. If we are not going to go down this road, we shouldn’t be spending $345 million a year. 
Now we are going to spend a bunch of 
money at the start. Even if you close it down, it is going to cost some money, or if you stop it. So all of that needs to be taken into consideration. But we need to make a determination of what is going to happen with MOX and what we are going to do with this additional plutonium. 
Some people have suggested maybe 
the best thing to do is store it. Of course that violates an agreement that we have with the Russians. So you would have to get their agreement on that. So it is a challenging issue, I will be the first to admit. And we have had a challenge in the committee trying to deal with it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman from Idaho’s concerns and the way he is approaching it is really quite commendable and the right way to go about it. Two studies have been done, the most recent dealing with the $47 million. That speaks to the current MOX procedure and process. The blend-ing down, you have correctly analyzed the problem there because it doesn’t take into account the full cost, and then you have still got to dispose of this stuff someplace. 
There is also the vitrification of it, 
which is blending down, putting it into a glass container, and then storing that. Those have problems. 
There is another option that will be 
analyzed and is coming out later in this year, in September, and that is the use of a fast reactor to actually burn the plutonium and, thereby, make it unusable for weapons. It also would generate a significant amount of en-ergy, which could produce steam and electrical energy along the way. That study is coming out later this year. 
In the meantime, we ought to do 
what you are doing here, and that is, just slow down, take a look at this. 
And for those who are concerned 
about the jobs in the Savannah River area, a lot of this work can be done there in any one of these options. Just don’t do something that doesn’t work, which is the current process underway. So you could do a fast reactor there. 
Use that as a method of consuming the plutonium and rendering it unuseful. 
There are many different ways to do 
it. But we are headed down a rathole. Slow down. Stop. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.124 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2714 April 30, 2015 
I commend both the gentleman from 
Nebraska and the gentleman from Idaho for where they are going on this. Carry on. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman from California. And I thank the gentleman from Nebraska, again, for his efforts in this area. I know it is a matter of both urgency to the United States and to the world, actually. But I thank the gentleman for his efforts in this arena, and continue on. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Again, let me 
just reiterate my deep thanks to the chairman for his leadership on this. This is a tough one, and he is working aggressively to try to get to the heart of a prudential and good decision. 
Let me thank, again, the gentleman 
from California for his insights and participation as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTEN -
BERRY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 29, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $125,000,000)’’. 
Page 31, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $105,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to raise an issue along the lines of my earlier discussion and part of what we just heard in the previous dis-cussion. That is, where are we going with the nuclear enterprise? What is it all about? Where will it take us? 
My personal view is that we are in 
the first quarter of a new nuclear arms race. This amendment deals with a critical part of that effort to rebuild the nuclear weapons systems of the United States. 
We currently have maybe 10,000 un-
used nuclear plutonium pits. This is the heart of a nuclear bomb. It is pure plutonium, and it is the heart of the bomb. 
The 10,000 that are not used came out 
of nuclear weapons that have been dis-mantled as a result of the various arms control treaties that have been in place over the last 30 years, all to the good. The MOX facility deals with that un-used excess plutonium and others. But this amendment deals with the notion of rebuilding and increasing the capac-ity of the United States to produce new plutonium pits. 
b1945 
We presently have the capacity to 
produce somewhere between 5 and 10 plutonium pits, again, the heart of a nuclear weapon, in the existing facili-
ties. We are going to spend a few bil-lion dollars—unknown—but somewhere probably between $1 billion and $2 bil-lion or $3 billion building the facilities to increase the capacity to manufac-ture these plutonium pits to 50 to 80 a year. 
Now, testimony that we have re-
ceived in the Strategic Forces Sub-committee of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee indicates that nobody knows what you are going to do with them or whether you even need the pits, but they want to build the facility just in case. 
You go: Wait a minute, you have 
10,000 out there; what are you going to do? Why are you doing this? 
It has never been answered other 
than: Well, we might need it some day. 
Well, God willing, we will never need 
it some day. Five to 10 a year, more than we need, 50 to 80, the military doesn’t know what to do with it; the NNSA doesn’t know what to do with it, but they want to build the manufac-turing facility even so. 
This amendment simply says let’s 
take $125 million of that and apply it to something useful like cleaning up what is going on out there. Just keep in mind that we are talking about an enormous amount of money here for the production or the manufacturing facilities of these pits. 
It is not just the facility for the plu-
tonium, but it is also for the rest of the bombs, so it is probably going to be well over $10 billion by the time we fin-ish, and then you have the operating costs, if we ever operate at all. Be care-ful here. We are into a massive expend-iture of over $1 trillion over the next 20 to 25 years. 
I have asked the military: Tell us 
how we are going to spend that. 
They say: Well, we really don’t know. They gave me a document that is a 
bunch of equations with no explanation of what the factors are. I am asking for information. I was shut down in com-mittee yesterday, but we all ought to demand information. 
What is going on here? What are we 
talking about? A new long-range stealth bomber to replace the B–2, new cruise missiles, new submarines, new missiles for land and sea, and new war-heads to go on top of it; and, all the while, other countries are trying to match us. It is a nuclear arms race well underway. 
Are we causing it? We are clearly 
part of it. Russia and China are also in-volved in this and matching tech-nology, spending a vast amount of money. Just think what we could do if we took one-quarter of that and spent it on education. What could we do for the American people? I think I hear the knock-knock of time having run out, and that frightens me because time is running out on this issue, and we need to pay attention here. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. S
IMPSON  
and his committee for paying attention to all of this. Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Ohio. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Could I just ask for 
clarification? Which of your amend-ments are you addressing in your argu-ments now? It was our understanding the gentleman was addressing the MOX facility. Are you addressing that or your prior amendment? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am addressing 
the facilities, the nuclear pit facilities, the plutonium pit facilities. It is $125 million. The MOX was my colleague from Nebraska’s amendment. That was his amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment you are speaking to on the pit production is an end of the bill amendment, and we are not yet at the end of the bill. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. So I can come 
back and do it again? 
Mr. SIMPSON. There you go. The 
amendment that was reported by the Clerk was the MOX facility that took $125 million out of the MOX facility. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. That is correct. Mr. SIMPSON. That was the amend-
ment that was reported by the Clerk. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. That is what I was 
speaking to. 
Mr. SIMPSON. You have another 
amendment that deals with pit produc-tion? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. If I can go back 
and talk about the MOX facility now. I stand corrected. 
The 125 was the MOX facility amend-
ment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Our arguments and 
the debate that we just had with the gentleman from Nebraska about the MOX facility and the challenges that we face in the MOX facility is the same as the debate we just had, and while we asked for the Department to look at the two alternatives, the downblend and the continuing MOX, the Armed Services Committee asked for a report on all five of the alternatives that they were looking at and the cost and stuff. 
I would oppose this amendment of 
taking $125 million out of the MOX fa-cility. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Chairman, if we 
are, in fact, about to entertain the MOX amendment, I would love to speak in opposition to that amend-ment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. This is the amend-
ment that has been reported. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:55 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.125 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2715 April 30, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. If the gentleman 
would yield for 15 seconds, I will ex-plain the error, and then I will be out of the way. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Quite correct, 
there was an error on my part. 
This is the question of the MOX facil-
ity, $125 million to be applied to other cleanup programs across the Nation. That is it. I spoke on a different issue, and the MOX facility came up earlier. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Chairman, as I 
said, I oppose this amendment. I do so because I really believe that this amendment would endanger our na-tional security by making harmful cuts to the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility that is located in South Caro-lina. 
This facility will be used to dispose 
of 34 metric tons of weapons grade plu-tonium according to binding inter-national agreements originally signed back in 2000 and reaffirmed in 2010. Most of the plutonium has already been transferred to the Savannah River site, and it is there awaiting disposi-tion through the MOX facility. 
The President has requested the level 
of funding included in this bill to con-tinue construction. The facility is over 65 percent complete and supports over 1,500 highly skilled jobs. Any further delay will jeopardize our international agreements and will abandon commit-ments that the country has made to the State of South Carolina when we signed and agreed to house these dan-gerous materials for our Nation. 
I want to close by saying South Caro-
lina has developed what I call a level of tolerance for nuclear. It didn’t get there, as we say down in Gullah Geechee country, just by itself. We got there because of the commitment we made to this Nation years ago with the Manhattan Project. 
I believe the State of South Carolina 
and the Savannah River site have made significant commitments to helping se-cure this Nation. I believe we would be breaking faith with the State to crip-ple this effort at this time because it is an agreement, the agreements are international, and I think we have a commitment to the State of South Carolina to continue the movement on this project. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that this amend-
ment be opposed. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The amendment was rejected. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ). Mr. LATTA. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. I appreciate it. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on the 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission. As a member of the House Energy and Com-merce Committee which has jurisdic-tion over the NRC, our committee has taken a close look at the regulatory priorities and resource needs of the commission. 
The Energy and Power Sub-
committee oversees nuclear energy, and the Environment and Economy Subcommittee has oversight on nu-clear waste. I serve on both sub-committees. 
In both committee and subcommit-
tees, we have held hearings in recent years with the commissioners on the NRC, as well as other experts and stakeholders. In these hearings, we have learned important facts such as, while the Nation’s fleet of nuclear re-actors continues to operate safely, the evidence clearly demonstrates that the NRC’s budget exceeds what is reason-ably necessary in light of current regu-latory and licensing needs. We have further learned that—and the NRC Chairman recently acknowledged—the NRC budget needs to be right-sized to some degree. 
We have also focused on the fact 
that, unlike most other Federal agen-cies, 90 percent of the NRC’s budget is recovered through fees on nuclear li-censees, which are eventually paid through electric rates. 
This means that an outsized NRC 
budget is actually paid for by the American people, both through their taxes and their electric rates. We have also seen recent closures of nuclear power plants in the United States and fewer new plants coming online than anticipated a decade ago. In fact, even though the number of nuclear plants is currently decreasing, the NRC budget has increased substantially compared to 10 years ago. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank 
the Appropriations Committee and the chairman for acting to provide a level of appropriations for the NRC that is appropriate under the circumstances. This budget gives the NRC all it needs to ensure the safe operation of the Na-tion’s nuclear fleet without asking tax-payers and electricity ratepayers to pay more than is necessary. 
I thank the gentleman. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for his interest in this subject. I can assure you that the sub-committee is very concerned also, and we look forward to working with you and your committees as we try to right-size the NRC and all of the budg-ets that we will be doing in the future. 
As you said, the NRC is well aware of 
the fact that they need to right-size themselves as they try to attempt to implement their Project Aim 2020, so I appreciate it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. The Clerk read as follows: 
NAVAL REACTORS  
For Department of Energy expenses nec-
essary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition (by purchase, condemnation, con-struction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,320,394,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
$43,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 30, line 10, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $2,426,400).’’ 
Page 30, line 16, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000).’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Rhode Island and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would support beginning an assessment of the feasibility of using low-enriched uranium in naval reactor fuel that would meet military requirements. 
Using low-enriched uranium in naval 
reactor fuel could yield significant po-tential national security benefits re-lated to nuclear nonproliferation, could lower security costs, and sup-ports naval reactor research and devel-opment at the cutting edge of nuclear science. 
As we continue to face the threat of 
nuclear terrorism and as countries con-tinue to develop naval fuel for military purposes, the imperative to reduce the use of highly enriched uranium will be-come increasingly important over the next several decades. This is the time to begin investments in new tech-nologies to address proliferation threats and to reduce reliance on high-ly enriched uranium. 
R&D on LEU for naval reactors 
would also support continued R&D within Naval Reactors at the cutting edge of nuclear science and engineer-ing, which remains a critical capa-bility. The Naval Reactors director Ad-miral Richardson testified on March 24, 2015, before the House Armed Services Committee that, with current tech-nology, using low-enriched uranium fuel would only be feasible for aircraft carriers and would require an addi-tional refueling at a cost of $1 billion. 
He added, however: 
The potential exists that we could develop 
an advanced fuel system that might increase uranium loading and make low-enriched ura-nium possible while still meeting very rig-orous performance requirements for naval reactors on nuclear-powered warships. 
Mr. Chairman, this $2.5 million in 
funding would support early testing and manufacturing development re-quired to advance LEU technology for use in naval fuel. Such a program, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.128 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2716 April 30, 2015 
successful, could yield significant bene-
fits for nuclear nonproliferation and yield security cost savings. 
Mr. Chairman, it sounds like we have 
broad-based support for this amend-ment. I urge acceptance of this amend-ment in order to start this very impor-tant effort, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b2000 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FEDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for Federal Sala-
ries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $388,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, in-cluding official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. 
ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE 
ACTIVITIES 
D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  
For Department of Energy expenses, in-
cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one fire apparatus pumper truck and one armored vehicle for replacement only, $5,055,550,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount 
$281,951,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for program direction. 
D
EFENSE URANIUM ENRICHMENT  
DECONTAMINATION AND DECOMMISSIONING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For an additional amount for atomic en-
ergy defense environmental cleanup activi-ties for Department of Energy contributions for uranium enrichment decontamination and decommissioning activities, $471,797,000, to be deposited into the Defense Environ-mental Cleanup account which shall be transferred to the ‘‘Uranium Enrichment De-contamination and Decommissioning Fund’’. 
O
THER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  
For Department of Energy expenses, in-
cluding the purchase, construction, and ac-quisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classi-fied activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the ac-quisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $767,570,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That of such amount, 
$253,729,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, for program direction. 
POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS 
B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND 
Expenditures from the Bonneville Power 
Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for the Shoshone Paiute Trout Hatchery, the Spo-kane Tribal Hatchery, the Snake River Sockeye Weirs and, in addition, for official reception and representation expenses in an 
amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided , That 
during fiscal year 2016, no new direct loan obligations may be made. 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  
POWER ADMINISTRATION  
For expenses necessary for operation and 
maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancil-lary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,900,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,900,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further , That 
the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation esti-mated at not more than $0: Provided further , 
That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to 
$66,500,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further , That 
for purposes of this appropriation, annual ex-penses means expenditures that are gen-erally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , 
SOUTHWESTERN POWER ADMINISTRATION  
For expenses necessary for operation and 
maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of trans-mission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representa-tion expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $47,361,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided , That notwithstanding 31 
U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $35,961,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Admin-istration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to re-main available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further , That the sum herein appro-
priated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $11,400,000: Provided further , That, notwith-
standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $63,000,000 col-lected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expendi-tures: Provided further , That, for purposes of 
this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (ex-cluding purchase power and wheeling ex-
penses). 
C
ONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , WESTERN AREA POWER  
ADMINISTRATION  
For carrying out the functions authorized 
by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other re-lated activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $307,714,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $302,000,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Rec-lamation Fund: Provided , That notwith-
standing 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and sec-tion 1 of the Interior Department Appropria-tion Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $214,342,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual ex-penses of the Western Area Power Adminis-tration: Provided further , That the sum here-
in appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,372,000, of which $87,658,000 is 
derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided 
further , That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, 
up to $352,813,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclama-tion Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be cred-ited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further , 
That, for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). 
F
ALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  
MAINTENANCE FUND 
For operation, maintenance, and emer-
gency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $4,490,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Oper-ating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided , That notwithstanding the pro-
visions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $4,262,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this ac-count as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Adminis-tration activities: Provided further , That the 
sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further , 
That for purposes of this appropriation, an-nual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further , That for 
fiscal year 2016, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $460,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Fal-con and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.131 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2717 April 30, 2015 
the purpose for which contributed in like 
manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided fur-
ther, That any such funds shall be available 
without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commis-sioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and Water Commis-sion for the sole purpose of operating, main-taining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Com-missioner, and the power customers. 
F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Federal En-
ergy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation ex-penses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $319,800,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $319,800,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2016 shall be retained and used for expenses nec-essary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2016 so as to re-sult in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT 
OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER AND RESCISSIONS OF  
FUNDS)  
SEC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-
thority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to ini-tiate or resume any program, project, or ac-tivity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (includ-ing Requests for Quotations, Requests for In-formation, and Funding Opportunity An-nouncements) for a program, project, or ac-tivity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. 
(b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy noti-
fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— 
(A) make a grant allocation or discre-
tionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; 
(B) make a discretionary contract award or 
Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract cov-ered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; 
(C) issue a letter of intent to make an allo-
cation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or 
(D) announce publicly the intention to 
make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to 
the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. 
(3) The notification required by paragraph 
(1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appro-priated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief de-
scription of the activity for which the award is made. 
(c) The Department of Energy may not, 
with respect to any program, project, or ac-tivity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘De-partment of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— 
(1) the contract, grant, or cooperative 
agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or 
(2) the contract, grant, or cooperative 
agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress at least 3 days in advance. 
(d) Except as provided in subsections (e), 
(f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘De-partment of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of En-ergy’’ in the report of the Committee on Ap-propriations accompanying this Act. 
(e) The amounts made available by this 
title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed re-programming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. 
(f) None of the funds provided in this title 
shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture through a reprogramming of funds that— 
(1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a pro-
gram, project, or activity; 
(2) increases funds or personnel for any 
program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or 
(3) reduces funds that are directed to be 
used for a specific program, project, or activ-ity by this Act. 
(g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive 
any requirement or restriction in this sec-tion that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or re-striction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. 
(2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify 
the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall in-clude an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. 
S
EC. 302. The unexpended balances of prior 
appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropria-tion accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 
S
EC. 303. Funds appropriated by this or any 
other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activi-ties are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2016 until the enact-ment of the Intelligence Authorization Act 
for fiscal year 2016. 
S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available 
in this title shall be used for the construc-tion of facilities classified as high-hazard nu-clear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Independent Enterprise Assess-ments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. 
S
EC. 305. None of the funds made available 
in this title may be used to approve critical decision-2 or critical decision-3 under De-partment of Energy Order 413.3B, or any suc-cessive departmental guidance, for construc-tion projects where the total project cost ex-ceeds $100,000,000, until a separate inde-pendent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. 
S
EC. 306. Notwithstanding section 301(c) of 
this Act, none of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy— Energy Programs—Science’’ may be used for a multiyear contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or Other Transaction Agreement of $1,000,000 or less unless the contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or Other Transaction Agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award. 
S
EC. 307. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this or any prior Act under the head-ing ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new con-tracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. 
(b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the 
prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the na-tional security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. 
(c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not 
be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. 
S
EC. 308. (a) N OTIFICATION OF STRATEGIC  
PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN .—None of 
the funds made available by this Act or any prior Act, or funds made available in the SPR Petroleum Account, may be used to conduct a drawdown (including a test draw-down) and sale or exchange of petroleum products from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve unless the Secretary of Energy pro-vides notice, in accordance with subsection (b), of such exchange, or drawdown (includ-ing a test drawdown) to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(b)(1) C
ONTENT OF NOTIFICATION .—The noti-
fication required under subsection (a) shall include at a minimum— 
(A) the justification for the drawdown or 
exchange, including— 
(i) a specific description of any obligation 
under international energy agreements; and 
(ii) in the case of a test drawdown, the spe-
cific aspects of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve to be tested; 
(B) the provisions of law (including regula-
tions) authorizing the drawdown or ex-change; 
(C) the number of barrels of petroleum 
products proposed to be withdrawn or ex-changed; 
(D) the location of the Strategic Petroleum 
Reserve site or sites from which the petro-leum products are proposed to be withdrawn; 
(E) a good faith estimate of the expected 
proceeds from the sale of the petroleum products; 
(F) an estimate of the total inventories of 
petroleum products in the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve after the anticipated draw-down; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.053 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2718 April 30, 2015 
(G) a detailed plan for disposition of the 
proceeds after deposit into the SPR Petro-leum Account; and 
(H) a plan for refilling the Strategic Petro-
leum Reserve, including whether the acquisi-tion will be of the same or a different petro-leum product. 
(2) T
IMING OF NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary 
shall provide the notification required under subsection (a)— 
(A) in the case of an exchange or a draw-
down, as soon as practicable after the ex-change or drawdown has occurred; and 
(B) in the case of a test drawdown, not 
later than 30 days prior to the test draw-down. 
(c) P
OST-SALE NOTIFICATION .—In addition 
to reporting requirements under other provi-sions of law, the Secretary shall, upon the execution of all contract awards associated with a competitive sale of petroleum prod-ucts, notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress of the ac-tual value of the proceeds from the sale. 
(d)(1) N
EW REGIONAL RESERVES .—The Sec-
retary may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional petroleum product re-serve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. 
(2) The budget request or notification shall 
include— 
(A) the justification for the new reserve; (B) a cost estimate for the establishment, 
operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; 
(C) a detailed plan for operation of the re-
serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; 
(D) the location of the reserve; and (E) the estimate of the total inventory of 
the reserve. 
S
EC. 309. Of the amounts made available by 
this Act for ‘‘National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration—Weapons Activities’’, up to $50,000,000 may be reprogrammed within such account for Domestic Uranium Enrichment, subject to the notice requirement in section 301(e). 
S
EC. 310. (a) Unobligated balances available 
from appropriations for fiscal years 2005 through 2010 are hereby permanently re-scinded from the following accounts of the Department of Energy in the specified amounts: 
(1) ‘‘Energy Programs—Energy Efficiency 
and Renewable Energy’’, $16,677,000. 
(2) ‘‘Energy Programs—Electricity Deliv-
ery and Energy Reliability’’, $900,000. 
(3) ‘‘Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy’’, 
$1,665,000. 
(4) ‘‘Energy Programs—Fossil Energy Re-
search and Development’’, $12,064,000. 
(5) ‘‘Energy Programs—Science’’, $4,717,000. (6) ‘‘Power Marketing Administrations— 
Construction, Rehabilitation, Operation and Maintenance, Western Area Power Adminis-tration’’, $4,832,000. 
(b) No amounts may be rescinded by this 
section from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
TITLE IV—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
programs authorized by the Appalachian Re-gional Development Act of 1965, notwith-standing 40 U.S.C. 14704, and for expenses necessary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $95,000,000, to remain avail-
able until expended. 
D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-
clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100– 456, section 1441, $29,900,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017. 
D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Delta Re-
gional Authority and to carry out its activi-ties, as authorized by the Delta Regional Au-thority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382C(b)(2), 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $12,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
D
ENALI COMMISSION  
For expenses necessary for the Denali 
Commission including the purchase, con-struction, and acquisition of plant and cap-ital equipment as necessary and other ex-penses, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided , That funds 
shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed commu-nities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106– 113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed com-munities. 
N
ORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  
For expenses necessary for the Northern 
Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such 
amounts shall be available for administra-tive expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
S
OUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  
For expenses necessary for the Southeast 
Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to re-main available until expended. 
N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Commission 
in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $1,003,233,000, including official representation expenses not to ex-ceed $25,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $25,000,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided , That 
of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for sal-aries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017, of which, not-withstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the En-ergy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further , That revenues 
from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $862,274,000 in fiscal year 2016 shall be re-tained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That the sum 
herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $140,959,000: Provided further , That of the 
amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to their respective organization’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will sup-port multiyear projects that do not align with programmatic missions but are critical to maintaining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For expenses necessary for the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,136,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017: Provided , That revenues from 
licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,060,000 in fiscal year 2016 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2017, for necessary salaries and expenses in this ac-count, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further , That 
the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2016 so as to result in a final fiscal 
year 2016 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,076,000: Provided further , That of 
the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $958,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. 
N
UCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary for the Nuclear 
Waste Technical Review Board, as author-ized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
O
FFICE OF THE FEDERAL COORDINATOR FOR  
ALASKA NATURAL GASTRANSPORTATION  
PROJECTS  
For expenses necessary for the Office of the 
Federal Coordinator for Alaska Natural Gas Transportation Projects pursuant to the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline Act, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That any fees, charges, or commis-
sions received pursuant to section 106(h) of the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline Act (15 U.S.C. 720d(h)) in fiscal year 2016 in excess of $2,402,000 shall not be available for obligation until appropriated in a subsequent Act of Congress. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT 
AGENCIES 
S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commis-
sion shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Com-mission Procedures when responding to Con-gressional requests for information. 
TITLE V—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to com-municate to Members of Congress as de-scribed in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in title III of this Act may be trans-ferred to any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the re-port of the Committee on Appropriations ac-companying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.053 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2719 April 30, 2015 
(b) None of the funds made available for 
any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fis-cal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality. 
(c) The head of any relevant department or 
agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any author-ity whereby a department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another de-partment, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year-to- date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. 
S
EC. 503. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environ-mental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Populations). 
S
EC. 504. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adjudicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with the Yucca Mountain geologic repository license application, or for actions that irrevocably remove the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. 
S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to further imple-mentation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy de-veloped under Executive Order 13547 of July 19, 2010. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 506. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to transform the Na-tional Energy Technology Laboratory into a government-owned, contractor-operated lab-oratory, or to consolidate or close the Na-tional Energy Technology Laboratory. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from West Virginia and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, there 
have been efforts to privatize and con-solidate the National Energy Tech-nology Laboratory, also known to us as NETL. This amendment is offered to eliminate that uncertainty of privat-
ization and to continue the present public-private partnership. 
NETL is our Nation’s premier energy 
laboratory for fossil energy, using 600 government scientists, technicians, and employees, but they couple that with nearly 1,200 private sector con-tractors. Through this partnership, NETL has developed breakthrough re-search, carbon capture, enhanced nat-ural gas exploration and production, emission control for our power plants, and steam and gas turbine efficiency. 
Having NETL government owned and 
operated also maintains that the re-search that they produce will not be proprietary and is available to all util-ity companies. Small utility companies in rural America where I come from would potentially suffer the most from a move towards privatization, and they would no longer be able to perform this research and be forced to buy the new technologies at very high costs. 
Mr. Chairman, who would end up 
paying these high costs? The limited customers of these small companies through higher electric bills. 
People looking to privatize and con-
solidate these laboratories seem to be searching for a solution to a problem that doesn’t exist. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to support the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
This amendment would prevent the 
Department from transforming the Na-tional Energy Technology Laboratory into a government-owned, contractor- operated laboratory, or to consolidate or close NETL. 
NETL does important research in 
support of a balanced energy portfolio that will increase the efficiency and safe usage of abundant natural re-sources in this Nation. 
I appreciate my colleague’s passion 
for this issue, and I have no objection to this amendment being included in the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation’’ may be made avail-able to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran except for contracts or agreements that require the Islamic Re-public of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisi-tion, and development of nuclear weapons technology. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, let me 
begin by saying that I strongly support programs and operations that are fund-ed by the Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation section of the underlying bill. 
Keeping loose nuclear materials—es-
pecially from places like the former Soviet Union states—out of the hands of America’s enemies is one of the most important duties of the Department of Energy and the Federal Government as a whole. That being said, Congress has the obligation to set requirements and criteria for every dollar of taxpayer money that we spend, especially funds that are sent or used overseas. In fact, my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee already exercised this judg-ment with an additional provision in their bill that is very similar to the amendments that I will be offering today. 
Section 307 of the underlying bill spe-
cifically prohibits any DOE non-proliferation funds from being used to enter into new contracts or agreements with Russia, sending a strong signal to Mr. Putin and others that there are real consequences for their irrespon-sible and destabilizing actions of the last few years. 
My amendment adds this section to 
the end of the bill: 
‘‘None of the funds made available in 
this Act under the heading ‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran except for contracts or agree-ments that require the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisi-tion, and development of nuclear weap-ons technology.’’ 
If the last line of my amendment 
sounds familiar, it should. It is the very same language that Congress de-fined as total disarmament of Iran’s weapons of mass destruction program when it passed the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divest-ment Act of 2010. That bill passed the Senate by a vote of 99–0 and in the House 408–8, and only two of the Mem-bers who voted ‘‘no’’ on that bill still serve here in Congress today. 
There is a lot to be worried about in 
President Obama’s deal with Iran, but two serious concerns trump all of the others: 
First, how will Iran properly deal 
with and dispose of 14,000 centrifuges 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.053 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2720 April 30, 2015 
and 9,700 kilograms of highly enriched 
uranium that they are supposed to give up? 
And if they are serious about not pur-
suing a bomb, what are they planning to do with the 6,000 centrifuges and 300 kilograms of uranium that they get to keep under this deal? 
On the first question, the Web site 
Vox, hardly a rightwing outlet, says that the disposal of these materials is an open question and that the nego-tiators punted on how to safely and ef-fectively remove this material from Iran. Given that fact, there is every reason to believe that the DOE non-proliferation account could be used for this purpose. 
The second question is even more 
troubling than the first. Michael Morrell, former Director of the CIA, said back in February that ‘‘the poten-tial Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program,’’ a statement verified as ‘‘true’’ by PolitiFact. 
b2015 
Iran’s leaders have repeatedly said 
they have no interest in developing a nuclear weapon, and over the years, they have made that promise to the international community to gain relief from crippling economic sanctions. I don’t trust Iran, but even if I did, I would still say that we follow Presi-dent Reagan’s charge that led us to victory when facing another nuclear foe: trust but verify. 
Let me be clear. If Iran proves that 
they are serious about giving up all of their nuclear ambitions, I fully support using DOE nonproliferation assets to get their nuclear materials safely out of that country. Why, I would write a check myself to make sure that my grandkids don’t grow up in a world where loose Iranian nuclear material makes its way to the black market or into the hands of terrorists. 
But Iran can’t have one without the 
other. That is why my amendment will make sure that, if DOE signs a con-tract with Iran to help remove nuclear material from Iran, it will also stipu-late that they are giving up all efforts to build a bomb. 
This is a commonsense amendment 
that reiterates the position of Congress and the promises made by President Obama’s negotiating team. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman and I share a great desire to prevent the spread of Iran’s nuclear ca-pabilities, but the only thing that, un-fortunately, your amendment does is endanger security, including America’s security. 
We can differ on how we work with 
Iran on the broader issue of conditions for an agreement on sanctions and their nuclear program, but that is not 
the issue we are debating here today. What we are debating here today is the 
nonproliferation program at the De-partment of Energy. Stopping the spread of dangerous materials from the Republic of Iran is in our Nation’s in-terest regardless of the outcome of the broader discussion. 
While there are currently no plans to 
work in Iran and no funding that di-rectly supports work in Iran, let me give you a few examples of what your amendment would stop, would pre-clude: 
One, the Department of Energy’s 
nonproliferation program might be asked to engage with Iran to facilitate the removal of excess low-enriched ura-nium or heavy water from Iran. Such an engagement could necessitate con-tracts to arrange for the packaging, shipment, and disposition of such ma-terials and would be prevented by the proposed amendment. 
Second, the Department of Energy’s 
nonproliferation program might also be asked to engage with Iran to strengthen Iran’s nuclear safety, nu-clear security, or nuclear safeguard practices. Such engagement could re-quire contracts to provide technical ex-pertise or support logistical arrange-ments and would be prevented by your amendment. 
There may be some who want to use 
any bill, including our bill, to make po-litical points, but shouldn’t we be more concerned about endangering American lives and the lives of other innocents around the world? Wouldn’t you prefer that this material be under lock and key in the United States, for example, or with one of our allies than have it stored in Iran? I can only speculate that our security practices are much better. 
This amendment has no place in this 
bill, and I urge its defeat. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, yes, I 
would still earnestly urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I ask that 
the Committee call up amendment No. 4. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation’’ may be used to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran except for contracts or agree-ments that include authority for the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency to conduct anytime, anywhere inspections of civil and military sites within the Islamic Republic of Iran. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Texas and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BABIN. My amendment is simi-
lar in nature to the one just offered, and I want to ensure that my strong support for the Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation Program and the good work of the committee to properly fund it is, once again, reflected in the R
ECORD . 
Mr. Chairman, I offer this second 
amendment to the Energy and Water 
Appropriations bill to make clear to Iran and to the world that the com-plete, intrusive inspections of all Iran civil and military sites are nonnego-tiable and must be part of any deal with Iran. 
My amendment adds this section to 
the end of the bill: ‘‘None of the funds made available in this Act under the heading ‘Defense Nuclear Nonprolifera-tion’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with or new agree-ments for Federal assistance to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran except for con-tracts or agreements that include au-thority for the International Atomic Energy Agency to conduct anytime, anywhere inspections of civil and mili-tary sites within the Islamic Republic of Iran.’’ 
I was encouraged to see Energy Sec-
retary Moniz, President Obama’s chief technical expert in the Iran negotia-tions, quoted as saying: ‘‘We expect to have anywhere, anytime access’’ to conduct nuclear inspections of Iran. 
I share his view that without these 
full, intrusive inspections there is sim-ply no way to fully and truly verify that Iran is complying with the terms of any deal they supposedly agree to. 
Unfortunately, the Iranians do not 
share the views of our Secretary. Shortly after the Secretary made these comments to Bloomberg News, Iranian Brigadier General Hossein Salami re-sponded by saying: 
‘‘Not only will we not grant for-
eigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject. They will not even be per-mitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.’’ 
Apologists for Iran say that they just 
need to say these types of things, as well as maintain a limited nuclear stockpile, in order to save face and pre-serve their national pride. 
Mr. Chairman, I didn’t come here to 
help the Iranians with their PR efforts. Neither did you, and neither did any-one in this body. Our job is to keep the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.136 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2721 April 30, 2015 
American people and the free world 
safe, and any deal with Iran that lifts sanctions but is not coupled with strict inspection requirements isn’t just not worth the paper it is written on; it will make us less safe. 
History can be our guide on this very 
subject. In one of his biggest but least discussed foreign policy failures, Presi-dent Clinton in 1994 made a similar ‘‘deal’’ with North Korea that was sup-posed to end their nuclear ambitions and bring them into the international community. 
Sanctions were lifted, but we were 
given nothing but mischief and decep-tion by the North Koreans in return. International inspectors were ob-structed and blocked on a regular basis. North Korea continued to de-velop their nuclear program, only now in the shadows and in hardened, under-ground facilities. In 2006, they success-fully detonated a nuclear bomb, and they continue to develop and test long- range missiles and to threaten their neighbors and the West. Instead of weakening the authoritarian regime that controls North Korea, the lifting of the sanctions and the development of nuclear weapons allowed the Kims to tighten their grip on the country and pass it along to the next generation. 
Congress cannot allow President 
Obama’s flawed deal on Iran to take us down this same path. 
Once again, if we are going to use 
DOE resources and taxpayer money to help Iran clean up the mess created by their nuclear ambitions, it should come with conditions. The most important condition should be that they permit the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy to conduct the anytime, anywhere inspections that are so essential to any nuclear reduction agreement. 
History and our own Energy Sec-
retary tell us that this deal won’t work without robust and full inspections. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment to make sure that those inspections do happen. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I make 
a point of order against the amend-ment because it proposes to change ex-isting law and constitutes legislation in an appropriations bill and therefore violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a new deter-
mination. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair finds that this 
amendment includes language requir-ing a new determination as to the meaning of inspections that qualify as ‘‘anytime, anywhere.’’ 
The proponent has failed to fulfill his 
burden as to the meaning of that term. The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I call 
up the Hudson amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Each amount made available 
by this Act is hereby reduced by 11.1208 per-cent. 
(b) The reduction in subsection (a) shall 
not apply to amounts under the headings ‘‘National Nuclear Security Administra-tion’’, ‘‘Environmental and Other Defense Activities’’, or ‘‘Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
evening, I offer an amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill that would cut spending back to the fiscal year 2008 level. 
While I appreciate the work of the 
Appropriations Committee in crafting this important bill, I recognize that we should go further to cut reckless spend-ing. Washington has a spending prob-lem, and we can’t afford to kick the can down the road any longer. 
My amendment makes an across-the- 
board cut of more than 11 percent to the bill in order to decrease the amount back to the fiscal year 2008 level, saving nearly $2 billion for the taxpayers. 
We are over $18 trillion in our na-
tional debt. This is merely a drop in the bucket, and we owe it to our con-stituents to cut even more to restore fiscal sanity in Washington. Defense accounts are exempt from this cut be-cause Congress is expected to take up the National Defense Authorization Act in the near future to address those programs. 
Mr. Chairman, when I first ran for 
Congress, I was repeatedly asked: ‘‘If you are elected, what programs would you cut?’’ 
The answer I gave was: ‘‘First, I 
would go back to 2008 spending levels, and then we will start cutting.’’ 
My amendment does just this. It al-
lows us to return to the point when we can finally get serious about paying down our national debt and saving fu-ture generations from economic dis-aster. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I am 
opposed to this amendment because it is sort of an untargeted proposal, and our budget in many places on this bill 
is very tight. We know the net effect will be to reduce jobs and hurt the mid-dle class in a sector where America needs help, and that is energy inde-pendence and the modernization of our infrastructure. 
The result of the amendment will be 
less investment in water resource in-frastructure all over this country at a time when global trade is increasing. Energy research and development pro-grams, which lead us to future energy, not past energy resources, which create good jobs and have substantial returns on investment, will be harmed. 
At a time when unemployed Ameri-
cans lose jobless benefits and when many young families struggle just to survive, we should be creating jobs and securing the American Dream through investing in our energy future, includ-ing innovation and investments in the ground in every ‘‘all of the above’’ en-ergy sector we have, not tearing it down. Just since 2003, the United States has spent $2.3 trillion in import-ing foreign petroleum. Think about that one. 
This is a vast shift of wealth, and 
thousands upon thousands of jobs are connected to energy production from our country. This amendment only ex-acerbates this shift of wealth from the American middle class to offshore. It is not something I support, and I doubt the gentleman really wants to support that. 
This bill funds critical water re-
source projects; it supports science ac-tivities necessary to breakthroughs to lead us to a new energy future; and it contributes, importantly, to our na-tional defense through vital weapons, naval reactor research, and the non-proliferation funding we had been dis-cussing earlier this evening. 
b2030 
We must make certain decisions to 
lead our country forward. There are a lot more people who live in this coun-try than lived here in 2008 or 2003. Also, one of the reasons that we have a little bit of uptick in some of the accounts is, there are actually more American people now, so we have got to do some things in terms of the ports. Our ports silt up. We have got to get that out of there in order that we can get larger ships into our ports carrying more goods. 
We can’t live in the past. I urge my 
colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. Let’s take America to the future and not backwards. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I, too, 
rise in opposition to this amendment. This bill that we are currently consid-ering meets the budget resolution that was just adopted. We have been cutting discretionary spending for the last 4 years, $173 billion, as I understand it, over the last 4 years, not in decreases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.139 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2722 April 30, 2015 
in the increases, but actual decreases 
in spending. This goes way too far and makes sweeping changes with broad cuts to the reductions. This is an ap-proach I can’t support. 
I am particularly concerned about 
the impact this amendment would have on our critical infrastructure, as men-tioned by the gentlewoman from Ohio, and the basic research needs that are prioritized in this bill. While the gen-tleman has attempted to exclude na-tional security activities, I have got to tell you, in all honesty, national secu-rity is not the only thing the Federal Government does. We do do other things. We maintain our waterways and our ports and other activities. This amendment would still have the detri-mental impact on the security of nu-clear materials at the Idaho National Laboratory. These accounts are very complex, and reductions to each ac-count must be carefully weighed, and that is what this subcommittee has been doing and holding hearings on for the last 4 months. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, reclaim-
ing my time, I just wanted to say to the author of the amendment that I said something to the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means today. I think he took it rather lightly, but I said, Here we are discussing our appro-priation bills on the floor, and I said, We are trying to balance the budget. I said, But you know what? Your com-mittee is sitting back; there are no rev-enues on the table, and mandatory spending isn’t on the table, and you are trying to take it out of the hides of dis-cretionary spending, which is such a small part of the entire Federal budget. You know what he did? He twirled around and kind of laughed me off and walked toward the back of the Cham-ber. I didn’t think that was a very re-sponsible answer. 
So I respect the gentleman being 
down here tonight, offering his amend-ment. I would encourage you to talk to the head of the Committee on Ways and Means because to try to get us to shrink even more than we have done in many of our accounts—and, by the way, eleven other appropriation bills coming after us that have been asked to do the same—really isn’t fair to the American people. 
We need all hands on deck, all hands 
on deck. So I thank the gentleman for attempting to be responsible, but I really think you ought to look to some of the other committees that are sit-ting back while the burden is on our committee to make these decisions alone. That isn’t right. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HUDSON. How much time do I 
have remaining, Mr. Chair? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from North Carolina has 3
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chair, I acknowl-
edge the fine point the gentlewoman made that we can’t cut discretionary 
spending to get ourselves out of debt. She makes two valid points: we need more revenue and we need to address the mandatory spending side. I agree wholeheartedly. We need tax reform to get us more revenue, to get the econ-omy generated, to get people back to work, and we also need to look at sav-ing Social Security and Medicare, shor-ing them up for future generations and controlling the cost curve. She makes a valid point. 
I also want to acknowledge that 
Chairman S
IMPSON and the Committee 
on Appropriations have actually made real cuts over the last few years. He also makes a valid point that we have actually cut discretionary spending in real dollars. I would say to you, Mr. Chairman, we can do more. I just be-lieve that if you look at the path we are on, we are heading, if we don’t spend another dime, toward a horrific debt crisis in this country. We just can’t afford to sit back and not deal with that. 
I believe we do need to work on the 
mandatory side for sure because that is the real driver of our debt. But in the meantime, let’s go back to pre-stim-ulus time, let’s go back to 2008 spend-ing levels because I don’t remember the Federal Government starving for money. I don’t remember the Federal Government just barely being able to function because it didn’t have enough revenue back in 2008. I think it is pru-dent for us to do that. It is about jobs, it is about the economy, it is about our future generation, our children and grandchildren who are going to have to actually pay the bills that we are run-ning up right now. Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to please sup-port the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or pur-chase new light duty vehicles for any execu-tive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, on May 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet perform-ance that required all new light-duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be al-ternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel, by De-cember 31 of this year. 
My amendment echoes the Presi-
dent’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new light-duty vehi-cles unless that purchase is made in ac-cord with the President’s memo-randum. 
I have submitted identical amend-
ments to 15 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
Global oil prices are down. We no 
longer pay $147 per barrel, but despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. Spikes in oil prices have profound re-percussions for our economy. The pri-mary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative tech-nologies that exist today. The Federal Government operates the largest fleet of light-duty vehicles in America, over 635,000 vehicles. More than 50,000 of those vehicles are within the jurisdic-tion of this bill and being used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, and the Army Corps of Engineers. 
When I was in Brazil a few years ago, 
I saw how they diversified their fuel by greatly expanding the use of ethanol. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem impor-tant. I want the same choice for Amer-ican consumers. That is why I am also proposing a bill this Congress, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. They do it in Brazil. We can do it here, and it would cost less than $100 per car to do so. 
In conclusion, expanding the role 
these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign govern-ment-controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. I am delighted that both my Republican and Democratic col-leagues have unanimously supported this bill for the past several years. I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.141 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2723 April 30, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) The amount otherwise made 
available by this Act for ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Advanced Technology Vehicles Manu-facturing Loan Program’’ is hereby reduced to $0. 
(b) None of the funds made available by 
this Act may be used to provide a loan under section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
because too often here at the Federal level we find ourselves rewarding or oc-casionally funding corporations that would do what they do irregardless of what we did at the Federal level. It has been a point of contention with Demo-cratic colleagues. Too often we con-tinue to pay for programs that have outlived their original purpose. I think that too often we find ourselves look-ing the other way at programs that don’t work and/or have wasted tens upon tens of millions of dollars. 
It is for those different reasons that 
I rise to offer this amendment, which would indeed defund the Department of Energy’s failed Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing program. Quite simply, it would just do two things: one, it would eliminate the $6 million in funding that would go to this program, and, two, it would pre-vent any further lending from this pro-gram’s unused lending capacity. 
The reason I think doing those two 
things are awfully important is, one, this is, indeed, a case of paying cor-porations to do what they would al-ready do. Again, this has been a point in the budget debate that we had ear-lier today from both Republican and Democratic colleagues alike, saying we shouldn’t be paying corporations to do things they would already do. Two, this is, indeed, a stimulus era program. However well intended in 2009, it has outlived its purpose, and we are not in the economic situation that we found ourselves in 2009. In fact, this pro-gram’s authority expired back in 2012, and I think it is a recognition by this Congress of the fact that maybe some of the program hasn’t been working so well as to why that has indeed oc-curred. 
Finally, this program has seen real 
losses; 40 percent of its loans have gone bad. According to a GAO report, they actually wrote up some of those losses. What I might do is just share for one moment with my colleagues, as part of a government reform look at this pro-
gram, there was a letter to then Sec-retary Chu February 28, 2012, from one of the applicants. In it he quotes the chairman of a Fortune 10 company— not 100, but Fortune 10 company, and this is in the reference to the letter— told your former deputy, Jonathan Sil-ver, that this program lacked integ-rity. That is, it did not have a con-sistent process and rules against which private enterprises could rationally evaluate their chances and intel-ligently allocate time and resources against that process. 
There can be no greater failing of 
government than to not have integrity when dealing with its taxpaying citi-zens. For a variety of reasons, I offer this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I rise in opposition to 
the gentleman’s amendment. I want to share a story. I was out at one of our energy labs in California and walked into a research lab, a Cummins engine was up on the boards. I said, What is going on in here? The answer was, We are trying to understand the science of combustion. I said, You mean it is 2014, and we don’t understand that yet? They said, No, Congresswoman, we really don’t know what happens inside an internal combustion chamber. They were studying what happens when fuel ignites inside that chamber so they could make it more energy efficient. I was surprised to learn that every single automotive company in this country depends on the results of that research, and Cummins is in the lead. 
I want to say to the gentleman, I 
come from automotive America. When the industry fell to its knees in 2008 be-cause we have never had a trade policy that opens closed markets like Japan and Korea and China, I thought to my-self, I never thought I would live to see this day. After the wise decision of a majority of this Congress and the Obama administration, we lifted the automotive industry of this country out of the dregs. 
I have watched it recover with vehi-
cles like the Cruze and with the Wran-gler, which is leading the list. When I look at what Ford is doing in terms of its EcoBoost engine, I see an industry being reborn in our Nation. The eco-nomic growth that comes with it, the incredible muscle that it provides in-side the spine of this economy—not tangential growth, but real wealth, real wealth being created, again, across this country in this very important in-dustry—I wouldn’t do anything at this point in American history with the closed markets we are facing abroad not to support advanced technology in this country. 
What we are competing against in 
other places are countries disguising themselves as companies, and they are able to subsidize their industry, close their markets, and prevent even our 
parts going into their original equip-ment. We can succeed most impor-tantly by advancing automotive tech-nology, advanced vehicle technology. 
b2045 
This particular program allows the 
component suppliers, as well as the original equipment, to benefit. I can tell you, though, the companies do re-search themselves; they don’t do the kind of basic research that is necessary to provide the incredible break-throughs that can come through the Department of Energy. 
If I said to you 25 years ago, ‘‘Would 
you believe that 10 percent of gasoline blends are ethanol and renewable fuels,’’ you would probably say, ‘‘Con-gresswoman, you have been staying up too late too many nights of the week.’’ 
In fact, it has happened. Now, we are 
going to move to a 15 percent renew-able blend. Who would have thought 
that would be possible? Who would have thought we could get 40-mile-a- gallon vehicles on the road? We are moving toward that now, flexible fuel. That is not by accident. This program supports just what it says, advanced technology vehicles manufacturing. 
Given concerns that have been ex-
pressed by my colleagues regarding ap-propriate oversight of these programs, I think the net effect of your amend-ment is going to be to eliminate over-sight of this program, which I don’t think we want to do. I think we want to make it work for America’s sake. 
I oppose your amendment, and I urge 
its defeat. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I also have to oppose this 
amendment. While I appreciate the gentleman’s position on the ATVM pro-gram, the elimination would hurt Fed-eral oversight of the program of more than $8 billion in loans already given. The committee recommendations in-clude the $6 million as a reasonable amount to provide oversight and direc-tion to the existing loan portfolio and no more. 
I don’t think the gentleman wants to 
actually eliminate the oversight of the loans that are out there that are going to be running for the next 30 years. 
I must oppose the gentleman’s 
amendment in order to ensure that there is proper oversight of taxpayer funding. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the chairman 
very much, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank both of my 
colleagues for their counterpoints, and I understand absolutely this notion of competitiveness. I agree with Thomas Friedman, the world is flat; and we are in a global competition for jobs, cap-ital, and way of life. 
Look at, again, the fundamentals of 
this program. I have here a GAO—Gov-ernment Accountability Office—report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.144 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2724 April 30, 2015 
that says the cost of participating in 
this program outweighs the benefits to companies. That is a GAO report, not a private sector report, not a rightwing report. 
I think it is also interesting, in pull-
ing this letter that was, again, written by a supplicant to the agency itself, said that the due diligence process in their attempt—and they ultimately quit—but their attempt to get a loan was more than 1,175 days. His point in this letter was that that was more than tenuous and, frankly, had much to do with their ultimately ceasing and de-sisting. 
I would also make this point: they 
have only made five loans. If we were depending on these five loans for inno-vation in new technology in the way that internal combustion engines work or the way that we burn fossil fuel, we are in real trouble, but five loans is what we are talking about. 
I would also make this point: I think, 
at some point, given the scarcity of re-sources that we do deal with in Wash-ington, D.C., we have to at some level make a divide between big companies. Ford’s market cap is $63 billion. Alcoa’s is $16 billion. 
Would not these funds be better used 
going to small innovators, as opposed to these large, multinational corpora-tions that I think, in many cases, are the beneficiary of corporate largesse, but corporate largesse that I don’t think serves the taxpayer well or, ac-cording to these industry analysts, the industry as well? 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CLEAVER  
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. During fiscal year 2016, the limi-
tation relating to total project costs in sec-tion 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280) shall not apply with respect to any project that receives funds made available by title I of this Act. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 223, 
the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would waive the limit on total costs for Army Corps projects which are set forth in section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986. 
The law states that a project cannot 
be funded by more than 20 percent of the project’s total authorized cost. This amendment would waive that lim-itation for any project that receives funds made available by title I of this act. 
Thirty or so years have passed since 
Congress originally authorized many of the current Federal flood control projects. Unfortunately, the large backlog of projects, incremental fund-ing by Congress, and unforeseen cir-cumstances has resulted in costly delays for projects across this country, pushing many over the now outdated authorized limits. Many of these projects are so close to the finish line, and this language could help them cross it. 
Mr. Chairman, this language is vital 
to the continuation of valued flood control projects in my congressional district. The Dodson Industrial District project in Kansas City, Missouri, has completed its first three phases. How-ever, without an increase in its author-ized total cost, the project cannot move forward on the final phase. 
Currently, the area has a floodwall 
unconnected to the rest of the project and investments of $250 million at risk. If the project could be fully funded at the increased total amount, it could be completed in fiscal year 2017. 
Projects that have reached their 902 
limit can apply for a project cost modi-fication. However, the application and review process routinely takes several years to get approval from the Army Corps headquarters. These valued projects, in which the Federal Govern-ment has already invested millions of dollars, are languishing for 2, 3, or more years during that review process. 
Another control project in Kansas 
City, called Turkey Creek Basin, has over $200 million in investment pro-tected by this project, including a major interstate highway. It was au-thorized in 1999 and is ready for the final phase, but did not receive Federal funding last year or in this year’s budget request because of a pending cost modification application, which began in 2013. 
Mr. Chairman, just in my district, 
there are three flood control projects that have pending cost modification applications that were started in 2013. I can only surmise that this trend has continued in just about every other congressional district in the country. 
Mr. Chairman, these are not exotic 
projects. These are projects which will help generate the businesses in those areas to a point where they can begin to grow. 
I would like to thank the chairman 
and the ranking member for their at-tention to this matter. With some as-
surances that the committee will try to address this issue as the bill moves into conference process, I would con-sider withdrawing the amendment at any time. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I make 
a point of order against the amend-ment because it proposes to change ex-isting law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and therefore violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment gives affirmative di-
rection in effect. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
explicitly supersedes existing law by waiving section 902 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 with respect to certain projects covered by the bill. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used— 
(1) to implement or enforce section 
430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or 
(2) to implement or enforce the standards 
established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)) with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment that ac-tually maintains current law. 
Since its passage in 2007, I have heard 
from tens of thousands of constituents about how the language in the 2007 En-ergy Independence and Security Act will take away consumer choice when deciding what lightbulb to use in your home. In fact, they are right. 
While the government has passed en-
ergy efficiency standards in other realms over the years, they have never jumped so far and lowered standards so drastically. It is to a point where tech-nology is still years away from making lightbulbs that are compliant with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.146 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2725 April 30, 2015 
law at a price point that the average 
American can afford. 
Opponents to my amendment will 
claim that the 2007 language does not ban the incandescent bulb. That is true. It bans the sales of the 100-watt, the 60-watt, and the 45-watt bulbs. The replacement bulbs are far from eco-nomically efficient, even if they are en-ergy efficient. A family living pay-check to paycheck can’t afford to re-place every bulb in their house at even $5 a bulb. 
The economics of the lightbulb man-
date are only part of the story. With the extreme expansion of Federal pow-ers undertaken by President Obama and the Democrats in Congress during the first 2 years of the Obama adminis-tration, Americans have woken up to just how far the Constitution’s Com-merce Clause has been manipulated from its original intent. The lightbulb mandate is a perfect example of this. 
The Commerce Clause was intended 
by our Founding Fathers to be a limi-tation on Federal authority, not a catchall nod to allow for any topic to be regulated by Washington; indeed, it is clear that the Founding Fathers never intended this clause to be used to allow the Federal Government to regu-late and pass mandates on consumer products that do not pose a risk to human health or safety. 
This Congress must be on the side of 
consumers and consumer choice. If new, energy-efficient lightbulbs save money and are better for the environ-ment, we should trust the American people to make that choice on their own and move to these bulbs. We should not be forcing these lightbulbs on the American public. 
The bottom line is the Federal Gov-
ernment has no business taking away the freedom of Americans to choose what bulb to put in their homes. I will add that, recently, the lightbulb manu-facturers in this country have claimed that, because of the stopgap provision in the 2007 law, if we continue to pre-vent the Department of Energy from promulgating rules pursuant to these provisions, the manufacturers will be forced to stop manufacturing compli-ant incandescent bulbs. 
This is actually an argument to re-
peal the 2007 language in its entirety, not to allow it to be implemented. We should not allow a stopgap trigger in the law to extort us into passing bad policy and moving forward. 
This exact amendment has been ac-
cepted for the past 3 years by a voice vote and has been included in the an-nual appropriations legislation signed into law by the President each year since its first inclusion. It allows con-sumers to continue to have a choice and to have a say about what they will put in their homes. It is common sense. 
Mr. Chairman, I should add that I 
have had conversations with my good friend, Mr. J
ORDAN from Ohio, on this 
amendment. I understand that there have been discussions about changes to the language in order to balance both the philosophical belief that this is the 
wrong policy for our country and the pragmatic belief that we should do no harm to the livelihoods of our constitu-ents. 
I continue to offer, as I did last July, 
to sit down with Mr. J
ORDAN or anyone 
else to see if compromise language can be achieved prior to the end of the fis-cal year, but in the meantime, I offer this amendment to the body. 
Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. I rise in strong support 
of the gentleman’s amendment. I think it is absolutely the right thing to do. It is pure common sense. 
As you know, these newer bulbs, 
while they may be more energy effi-cient, they are much more expensive. I have yet to see one that costs less than $3 or $4. The incandescent bulbs—when you can find them—you can get four for $2.50 or something like that. 
This is a commonsense approach to 
let the consumer choose. Certainly, for lower-income Americans that don’t have the ability to buy the more expen-sive bulbs, it makes a lot of economic sense. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment. 
Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gen-
tleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b2100 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. F
OXX). The 
gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I strongly oppose this 
damaging rider by my good friend, Con-gressman B
URGESS of Texas, because it 
would block the Department of Energy from implementing or enforcing com-monsense energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs. This rider was a bad idea when it was first offered 4 years ago, and it is even more unsupportable now. 
Every claim made by proponents of 
this rider has been proven wrong. Dr. B
URGESS told us that the energy effi-
ciency standards would ban incandes-cent lightbulbs, but that simply is false. You can go to the store today and see shelves of modern, energy-effi-cient incandescent lightbulbs that meet the standard. They are the same as the old bulbs, except that they last longer, use less electricity, and save consumers money. 
We have heard for years that the en-
ergy efficiency standards restrict con-sumer choice. But if you have shopped for lightbulbs lately, which I have, you know that isn’t true either. Modern in-candescent bulbs, compact fluorescent lightbulbs, and LEDs of every shape, size, and color are now available. Con-sumers never had more choice. 
The efficiency standards spurred in-
novation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. Critics of the ef-
ficiency standards claimed that they would cost consumers money. In fact, the opposite is true. When the stand-ards are in full effect, the average American family will save about $100 every year. That is $13 billion in sav-ings nationwide every year. But this rider threatens those savings, and that is why consumer groups have consist-ently opposed this rider. 
Here is the reality. The 2007 con-
sensus energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs were enacted with bipar-tisan support and continue to enjoy overwhelming industry support. U.S. manufacturers are already meeting the efficiency standards. 
The effect of the rider is to allow for-
eign manufacturers to sell old, ineffi-cient lightbulbs in the United States that violate the efficiency standards. This is unfair to domestic producers who have invested millions of dollars in U.S. plants to make efficient bulbs that meet the standards. 
Why on Earth would we want to pass 
a rider that favors foreign manufactur-ers who ignore our laws and penalize U.S. manufacturers who are following our laws? 
But it even gets worse. The rider now 
poses an additional threat to U.S. man-ufacturing. The bipartisan 2007 energy bill required the Department of Energy to establish updated lightbulb effi-ciency standards by January 1, 2017. It also provided that if final updated standards are not issued by then, a more stringent standard of 45 lumens per watt automatically takes effect. Incandescent lightbulbs currently can-not meet this backstop standard. 
This rider blocks the Department of 
Energy from issuing the required effi-ciency standards and ensures that the backstop will kick in. Ironically, it is this rider that could effectively ban the incandescent lightbulb. 
The Burgess rider directly threatens 
existing lightbulb manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Illinois, to name but three. It would stifle innova-tion and punish companies that have invested in domestic manufacturing. This rider aims to reverse years of technological progress, only to kill 
jobs, increase electricity bills for our constituents, and worsen pollution. 
It is time to choose common sense 
over rigid ideology. It is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, con-sumer groups, and efficiency advocates who all agree this rider is harmful. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Burgess lightbulb rider. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chair, I 
would just observe, at the end of cal-endar year 2007, the commentator George Will observed the United States Congress had two jobs: deliver the mail and defend the border. It had done nei-ther. But what it had done was ban the incandescent bulb, perhaps the greatest invention ever invented by an Amer-ican inventor. 
This is a commonsense amendment. 
It deserves passage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.150 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2726 April 30, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . DENT  
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceil-ing Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification num-ber 1904-AC87. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I rise today 
to offer an amendment to stop over-bearing Department of Energy regula-tions from driving up the cost of ceil-ing fans and increasing energy con-sumption as a result. I offer this amendment, along with my colleagues Mrs. B
LACKBURN of Tennessee and Mr. 
ROKITA of Indiana, both of whom have 
been very engaged on this issue. 
The Department of Energy is cur-
rently considering a proposed rule, en-titled, ‘‘Standard Ceiling Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits,’’ which would impose increased efficiency require-ments for ceiling fans sold in the United States. This regulation, if im-plemented, would have the effect of in-creasing the cost of ceiling fans, in some cases by nearly double, thereby reducing the purchase and use of ceil-ing fans by American consumers. The end result, ironically, would be heavier reliance on central air-conditioning and, thus, increased energy consump-tion. 
Ceiling fans, by their nature, are al-
ready an extremely energy-efficient method of cooling a home or a busi-ness, using between 20 and 100 watts during operation, compared with a cen-tral A/C unit which typically uses be-tween 3,500 and 5,000 watts. That is an order of magnitude less energy, which can save a household up to 14 percent on cooling costs. 
The Department of Energy’s proposed 
standard is regulatory solution in search of a problem. 
Now, the ceiling fan industry has al-
ready demonstrated a strong commit-ment to energy efficiency, as evidenced by the dramatic increase in ENERGY STAR certified ceiling fans on the mar-
ket over the past decade. The industry continues to develop energy-saving in-novations, such as a redesigned motor, which uses up to 70 percent less elec-tricity than the traditional ceiling fan motor. This has all taken place absent the heavy hand of government regula-tion. 
At a time when homeowners across 
the United States are trying to reduce energy usage and cost, we should not increase the price of ceiling fans by setting unrealistic and unnecessary ef-ficiency requirements on an already ef-ficient product. Ceiling fans can help reduce dependence on foreign energy sources and ease the strain on our na-tional power grid during the time of year when it is most heavily taxed. 
Madam Chairman, I would simply 
state that ceiling fans are an inexpen-sive, easy way to reduce cooling costs, and the Federal Government should avoid taking actions that will stifle in-novation and, ultimately, drive con-sumers to less efficient methods of cooling their home and business. 
I would urge all my colleagues to 
support this commonsense amendment to stop this burdensome government regulation, and encourage reduced en-ergy consumption through increased efficiency. 
Madam Chair, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chair-
man, I want to thank Mr. D ENTand Mr. 
ROKITA for their work on this issue. 
The Department of Energy is so de-
termined to redesign the ceiling fan that they have released a 101-page rule-making framework document which evaluates the potential energy savings of their new regulations. 
Well, what we have found is that, 
just like stretching their tentacles into lightbulbs and so many other areas of our home, what they are doing is pric-
ing people out of the ceiling fan mar-ket. These new regulations would sig-nificantly impair the ability of ceiling fan manufacturers like Hunter Fans in Memphis, Tennessee, to produce rea-sonably priced, highly decorative fans. 
The regulations will not only place a 
higher price tag on the less-pleasing designs, but could increase home-owners’ reliance on cooling systems that are less energy efficient. 
What we are seeing is, with ceiling 
fans, that many of our constituents save as much as 14 percent on their en-ergy use to cool their home, and they can save homeowners as much as 40 percent of their air-conditioning bills by creating a breeze that makes the room feel a little bit cooler. New regu-lations will curb increased consumer trends in the marketplace, which cur-rently include placing ceiling fans in laundry rooms, closets, and master bathrooms. 
I would encourage my colleagues to 
support this amendment. 
Mr. DENT. Madam Chair, I yield to 
the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). Mr. ROKITA. Madam Chair, I rise 
today in strong support of the amend-ment offered by my friend, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. 
I would also like to thank the gentle-
woman from Tennessee for her contin-ued work on this matter. 
Frankly, as I look around the room 
tonight, I think it is kind of ridiculous that we are sitting here talking, stand-ing here talking about ceiling fans. This is what it has come to. 
The bureaucracy in this town is now 
telling the American people that they know what belongs on their ceiling more than those people do. It is gov-ernment run amuck. It is an example of the complete disregard bureaucrats have for the practical implications of the regulations they issue. 
The Department of Energy, as is 
stated, contends that a certain amount of energy would be saved by requiring greater efficiency from ceiling fans, completely disregarding the fact that if you price people out of this market, as the gentlewoman from Tennessee said, they are going to have to buy cooling systems that are even more ex-pensive, buy fans that are even more expensive. 
Let’s get out of this business. We 
have more important things to do than worrying about bureaucrats and what they decide people need on their ceil-ings. Let’s remember, this amendment was adopted in 2014 on the floor, and it was in the base text of the 2015 bill. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I oppose 
the gentleman’s amendment, given it is a solution in search of a problem. 
Since their implementation, stand-
ards for ceiling fans and ceiling fan light kits have saved American con-sumers—are you ready?—$4.5 billion— billion—in energy costs, and cut green-house gas emissions by 22 metric tons. 
Nearly a decade ago—why do we have 
this system? Because three States— California, Maryland, and New York— created their own unique standards for ceiling fan test procedures and per-formance, and these varying require-ments created difficulties for manufac-turers marketing products across all 50 States. 
In response, the fan manufacturing 
industry asked the Federal Govern-ment for a national standard that would reduce unnecessary complexity. Since that time, the DOE, Department of Energy, has not even proposed a new rule on ceiling fans, so it is premature to react to what might be in a new rule. Even if a new rule is proposed, im-plementation is years away. 
The Department’s analysis so far has 
shown that options exist for increasing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.151 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2727 April 30, 2015 
ceiling fan efficiency that are cost-ef-
fective for manufacturers and the con-sumers. Any upgrades will enable con-sumers to save money by saving en-ergy, also moving our country closer to its low-carbon future. 
Given the proposed rule has yet to be 
released, industry cannot anticipate how much their manufacturing costs might increase, whether their business model would be turned upside down, or whether the rule would result in en-ergy growth. Industry has not substan-tiated any of their claims. 
The Department of Energy has con-
ducted extensive consultation with in-dustry stakeholders, including the companies themselves, and any poten-tial indirect effects on air-conditioning units. 
The amendment ensures that con-
sumers will be stuck with less efficient fans and higher energy costs. I can’t see why we would want to do that. 
Let’s help this industry. As I have 
stated, I object to the amendment as proposed and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote by my colleagues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2115 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . NAPOLITANO  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used in contravention of section 2101 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) or section 210 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair-
man, I rise in support of the DeFazio- Poe-Napolitano amendment. 
I sincerely thank Ranking Member 
D
EFAZIO and, of course, the ranking 
member of the committee for offering this critical amendment which imple-ments the harbor maintenance alloca-tion formulas that were carefully nego-tiated and included in the WRRDA 2014 and passed the House by a vote of 412– 4. I repeat, 412–4. 
WRRDA ’14 said that any funds ap-
propriated for the harbor maintenance account above $898 million—of course this was the baseline amount appro-priated in fiscal year ’12—should be—it doesn’t say ‘‘would be,’’ ‘‘could be’’—it should be allocated based on the fol-lowing parameters: 
Ten percent at least goes to the 
Great Lakes. At least 10 percent goes to expanded uses at donor ports, which would be New York/New Jersey, Miami, 
Seattle, Tacoma, Los Angeles, and Long Beach. Expanded uses are berth dredging, removal of contaminated sediment, environmental remediation, and/or subsidies to shippers to continue to use their ports. At least 5 percent goes to underserved harbors. Ten per-cent goes for emerging harbors. 
The 2016 Corps budget does not—I re-
peat, does not—include the WRRDA 2014 harbor maintenance trust alloca-tions. It does not include them. 
This amendment is needed to require 
the Corps to implement these funds al-locations, as directed by Congress. 
Madam Chairman, this amendment is 
especially important to provide fair-ness to my State of California and to other ports. 
All ports in California only receive 15 
percent—this is all ports—back of what their shippers paid into that harbor maintenance trust fund. 
Last year, the users of the ports of 
Los Angeles and Long Beach alone paid $263 million in harbor maintenance taxes and received zero—I repeat, zero—back in harbor maintenance funds. This is terribly unfair, and it is, as far as we are concerned, illegal. 
This amendment will ensure that it 
brings back a little bit of that fairness to the donor harbors by providing them with a small portion of what they paid into the system. 
I do want to add that this amend-
ment is supported by the American As-sociation of Port Authorities and the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. 
I ask for support of the DeFazio 
amendment. I request a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS  
Mr. STIVERS. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
Mr. STIVERS. Madam Chair, the 
amendment I am offering tonight is simple. It prohibits funding for the Cape Wind project off Nantucket Sound. This amendment was offered last year and was accepted unani-mously, and I hope it will be again. 
The problem with this project isn’t 
that it is renewable energy. We all sup-port renewable energy. This is a renew-able energy that is not supporting American jobs. In fact, they have outsourced their turbines to Denmark 
and their turbine platforms to Ger-many. 
The other issue is, this project has 
been quite controversial, and I think that we don’t want another Solyndra. 
This amendment was adopted last 
year by a voice vote. I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
DISAPPROVAL OF DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON-DISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 231, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the Dis-trict of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Amendment Act of 2014, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 231, the joint resolution is considered read. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
H.J. R ES. 43 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Congress dis-
approves of the action of the District of Co-lumbia Council described as follows: The Re-productive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (D.C. Act 20–593), signed by the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia on January 25, 2015, and transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 602(c)(1) of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act on March 6, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Utah (Mr. C HAFFETZ ) and 
the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.153 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2728 April 30, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) 
for the purpose of controlling the time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Unfortunately, our thoughts this 
evening have to be with the ranking member of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee, E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS , who could not be here due to on-
going events in his Baltimore district, but his statement strongly opposing H.J. Res. 43 will be entered into the 
R
ECORD . 
Madam Speaker, resentment does not 
begin to relate our response to this un-precedented disapproval resolution. Re-publicans this evening continue their war on women, but this time, they have added men in the District of Co-lumbia for good measure. 
This resolution is wildly undemo-
cratic. It is a naked violation of the Nation’s founding principle of local control of local affairs, and it is pro-foundly offensive to D.C. residents. 
This resolution uniquely targets my 
district, but every Member will get to vote on it except for me, the District’s elected Representative. 
Notwithstanding its late-night con-
sideration, Democrats will make sure Americans understand this inflam-matory resolution. For the first time ever, the House is voting to license em-ployers to discriminate against em-ployees for their private, constitu-tionally protected reproductive health decisions. 
For the first time in a quarter of a 
century, the House is voting to over-turn the law of a local jurisdiction. The D.C. bill stops employers from job dis-crimination based on the reproductive health decision of employees, their spouses, or their dependents. 
To name just a few of the horribles 
permitted by this resolution: employ-ers may fire a woman for having an abortion due to rape or a man for using condoms. Or to use actual examples in the United States today, Emily Herx of Indiana was fired for using in vitro fer-tilization to become pregnant. Jennifer Maudlin of Ohio was fired for having nonmarital sex and becoming pregnant. Christina Dias of Ohio was fired for using artificial insemination to become pregnant. Shaela Evenson of Montana was fired for using artificial insemina-tion to become pregnant. Michelle McCusker of New York was fired for having nonmarital sex and becoming pregnant. 
The D.C. bill is constitutional and 
legal. Under the U.S. Constitution, laws 
may limit religious exercise if they are neutral, generally applicable, and ra-tionally related to a legitimate govern-mental interest. The D.C. bill applies to all employers, does not target reli-gion, and promotes workplace equality. 
Under the Federal Religious Freedom 
Restoration Act, laws may substan-tially burden religious exercise if they further a compelling governmental in-terest in the least restrictive means. D.C. has a compelling interest in elimi-nating discrimination, and the D.C. bill is the least restrictive means to do so. 
The D.C. bill certainly protects reli-
gious liberty. The bill is subject to con-stitutional and statutory exceptions to discrimination laws. 
The narrow constitutional ministe-
rial exception allows religious organi-zations to make employment decisions for ministers and ministerial employ-ees for any reason whatsoever. 
The exception in title VII of the 1964 
Civil Rights Act, which I enforced as chair of the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission, permits religious organizations to make employment de-cisions based on religion. 
b2130 
D.C. law permits religious and polit-
ical organizations to make employ-ment decisions based on religion and political views; thus, employers in D.C. may continue to make employment de-cisions based on their religious and other beliefs, and their employees must be willing to carry out the employer’s mission and directives with no excep-tions. 
The D.C. bill does not require em-
ployers to provide health insurance; in-stead, it requires equal treatment of employees. Both the text and the legis-lative history of the D.C. bill make that clear. 
Nevertheless, when Members of Con-
gress express concerns, the D.C. gov-ernment, in order to eliminate any doubt, passed a new version of the bill that says, ‘‘This act shall not be con-strued to require an employer to pro-vide insurance coverage related to re-productive health decisions.’’ 
This provision is in effect now, but, 
under the Home Rule Act, a D.C. bill is not final until the end of the congres-sional review period. How absurd is that? 
This disapproval resolution is a delib-
erate abuse of congressional authority over the district. In 1973, Congress passed the Home Rule Act to give the district the authority to legislate on local matters with a few enumerated exceptions and ‘‘to relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essen-tially local District matters.’’ D.C. em-ployment and reproductive health laws are not among those exceptions. 
This evening, Madam Speaker, I ask 
my Republican colleagues to live up to their own recently passed fiscal year 2016 budget which calls for the Federal Government to let States and cities govern their own affairs. ‘‘America is a diverse nation. Our cit-
ies, States, and local communities are best equipped and naturally inclined to develop solutions that will serve their populations. But far too often, local leaders are limited by numerous Fed-eral dictates,’’ so said the Republicans in their own budget this very year. 
I ask the majority to live up to its 
professed principles of local control and of local affairs, Federalism and limited government. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the disapproval resolu-tion to protect employees’ reproduc-tive health decisions, to protect work-place equality, and to protect the Dis-trict’s right to self-government as tax-paying American citizens. 
I insert in the R
ECORD the President’s 
veto threat on this resolution. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESI-
DENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
ANDBUDGET , 
Washington, DC, April 30, 2015. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.J. RES. 43—DISAPPROVING THE ACTION OF THE  
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COUNCIL IN APPROVING  
THE REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON -DISCRIMINA -
TION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014  
(REP. BLACK (R –TN) AND 46 CO -SPONSORS)  
The Administration strongly opposes H.J. 
Res. 43, which would overturn the District of Columbia’s Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Amendment Act of 2014 (the Act). The Act added reproductive health de-cisions to the list of employment non-dis-crimination protections included under the basis of sex, which had previously included pregnancy, childbirth, related medical condi-tions, and breastfeeding. By taking away this newly-added protection, H.J. Res. 43 would undermine the reproductive freedom and private health care decisions of the citi-zens of the District of Columbia. This legis-lation would give employers cover to fire employees for the personal decisions they make about birth control and their reproduc-tive health. These personal decisions should not jeopardize anyone’s job or terms of em-ployment. 
The Act preserves the current exception in 
the District’s Human Rights Law for reli-gious entities and does not impose additional requirements on employers, contrary to their personal beliefs, to provide insurance coverage related to reproductive health deci-sions. 
H.J. Res 43 would also have the unaccept-
able effect of undermining the will of Dis-trict of Columbia citizens. While the Home Rule Act of 1973 created a procedure for the Congress to overturn laws passed by the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Congress has not exer-cised this authority in over two decades and should refrain from doing so in this cir-cumstance, as well. The Administration urges the Congress to adopt the President’s FY 2016 Budget proposal allowing the Dis-trict to enact local laws and spend local funds in the same way as other cities and States. 
If the President were presented with H.J. 
Res. 43. his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this resolution. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, we are here today 
for two reasons: one, our constitutional duty assigned to us by the Constitu-tion; and, two, to maintain the protec-tions that same document ensures for all Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.159 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2729 April 30, 2015 
First, the Constitution mandates 
Congress oversee the District of Colum-bia. Article I, section 8, clause 17 makes clear Congresses exercises ‘‘ex-clusive legislation in all cases whatso-ever over the District’’ of Columbia. 
In that vein, Congress passed the 
Home Rule Act, which gives the Dis-trict some autonomy, but Home Rule also retains the constitutional duty imposed on Congress to be the ultimate signoff for all of the District’s legisla-tion. That responsibility could not be more important than today. 
The D.C. Council recently passed leg-
islation that affects the hiring prac-tices of organizations that work to ad-vance certain beliefs. As passed, the bill fails to acknowledge certain long-standing constitutional protections of the First Amendment for political and religious organizations. Because of this, we cannot let this legislation stand. 
Former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray re-
quested the council postpone its vote on the bill because of its legal prob-lems. In a December 2014 letter, Mayor Gray explained D.C.’s attorney general found that the bill ‘‘raised serious con-cerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993.’’ 
He went on to say, ‘‘Religious organi-
zations, religiously affiliated organiza-tions, religiously driven for-profit enti-ties, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and Re-ligious Freedom Restoration Act grounds for challenging the law’s appli-cation to them.’’ 
To remedy these problems, the 
Mayor requested the council include an exemption to ‘‘protect the religious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act are designed to secure.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I will insert Mayor 
Gray’s December 2, 2014, letter to the D.C. Council into the R
ECORD . 
While the council postponed the vote, 
they took none of the Mayor’s advice. Once again, Mayor Gray wrote the council, again, in mid-December voic-ing his disapproval for the bill. 
In that letter, he suggested, ‘‘If the 
council wishes to adopt this bill, it should clarify the D.C. Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to ensure that that exemption protects the reli-gious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and the Re-ligious Freedom Restoration Act are designed to secure.’’ 
Mayor Gray concluded that, ‘‘With-
out this language, I cannot support the legislation and believe that the council would expose the District government to costly legal challenges by moving forward.’’ 
Again, Madam Speaker, I will insert 
in the R
ECORD Mayor Gray’s December 
17, 2014, letter to the D.C. Council. 
Despite these warnings, the council 
and Mayor Bowser ignored the former Mayor’s requests, passed the bill, and sent it to Congress. If they had taken 
Mayor Gray’s advice, we would not be here today. 
Madam Speaker, this law is contrary 
to the Federal statute, and the D.C. Council knows it. The Religious Free-dom Restoration Act passed in 1993 pre-vents the government from creating any law, rule, or regulation that pre-vents an individual from freely exer-cising their religion. 
Based on this mandate, the Supreme 
Court recently held that certain cor-porations are not required to provide health insurance coverage for contra-ceptive methods that violate their reli-gious beliefs. 
From the way it was drafted, it is un-
clear if the D.C. bill violates this man-date, making it unconstitutional. Both Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council know that this is a problem. 
In fact, in February, Mayor Bowser 
admitted that the bill was ambiguous and requested the council pass tem-porary emergency legislation clari-fying that the bill doesn’t require em-ployers to provide insurance coverage for reproductive health decisions. 
Madam Speaker, I will insert in the 
R
ECORD Mayor Bowser’s February 2, 
2015, letter to the D.C. Council. 
Madam Speaker, that fix was only 
temporary and does not address the constitutional concerns I share with Mayor Gray. Given this ambiguity and no permanent fix, the bill is unconsti-tutional and cannot stand, given the recent Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby. 
Protecting the freedoms guaranteed 
by our First Amendment should not be a partisan issue. Mayor Gray knew this and pointed this out to the council that it has gone too far. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, I want to 
speak directly to the claims that this resolution is somehow an attack on women’s health care or their rights to use contraceptives. These attacks are offensive and are patently false. 
As a registered nurse, I have spent 
my adult life bringing health care to women, children, and families. This resolution would in no way threaten anyone’s access to care or freedom from discrimination based on the use of contraceptives; rather, it simply main-tains the status quo in Washington, D.C., before this misguided law was passed. 
Women are already protected from 
discrimination on the basis of preg-nancy status and a number of other fronts through both D.C. and Federal law, as they should be. 
Specific to concerns regarding how 
this would impact women using contra-ceptives, the Equal Employment Op-portunity Commission makes clear ‘‘an employer could not discharge a female employee from her job because she uses contraceptives.’’ Those protections would in no way be impacted if any res-olution were to be signed into law. 
Madam Speaker, the RHNDA law is 
fundamentally dishonest. It purports to be a nondiscrimination act, but it directly targets the fundamental First 
Amendment freedoms of employers in our Nation’s Capital, the very city charged with protecting those same freedoms. 
We must act to protect religious free-
dom and to offer relief from this op-pressive RHNDA law. 
THE‘‘DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LOTS36, 41 AND 
802 INSQUARE 3942 AND PARCELS 01430107 
AND 01430110 E MINENT DOMAIN EMERGENCY  
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2014’’ 
I urge the Council to approve the potential 
use of eminent domain to acquire Lots 36, 41 and 802 in Square 3942 and Parcels 01430107 and 01430110 (W Street Site). DC Water cur-rently operates a site south of N Place, S.E., north of the Anacostia River and between 1st and Canal Streets, S.E. (DC Water Site). The District plans to revitalize and develop a portion of the DC Water Site and leverage other District investments, such as the South Capitol Street Bridge project and the Nationals Park, and serve to accelerate and promote economic vitality in the Capitol Riverfront neighborhood 
The District of Columbia and DC Water 
have entered into a Memorandum of Under-standing for DC Water to relocate a portion of the uses from the DC Water Site to a site in Prince Georges County. In order to ensure adequate response times to water and sewer emergencies, DC Water must also maintain a site west of the Anacostia River. 
The W Street Site is currently occupied by 
a trash transfer station, and has been consid-ered by many as blight to nearby commu-nities. 
READING AND VOTE ON PROPOSED LEGISLATION  
BILL 20–790, THE ‘‘REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH  
NON-DISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF  
2014’’ 
I urge the Council to postpone voting on 
this measure until significant legal concerns expressed by the Office of Attorney General are resolved. My staff shared with the Com-mittee on the Judiciary a detailed review of the bill by OAG that deemed the legislation legally insufficient. The District of Columbia Human Rights Act (Human Rights Act) pro-tects many facets of an individual’s identity (such as race, nationality, religion, and sex-ual orientation) from discrimination. Bill 20– 790, the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Amendment Act of 2014, would expand these restrictions by prohibiting employers (and others) from discriminating against an individual based on that individual’s repro-ductive health decisions. 
According to OAG, the bill raises serious 
concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA). Religious organizations, reli-giously-affiliated organizations, religiously- driven for-profit entities, and political orga-nizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them. Moreover, to the ex-tent that some of the bill’s language protects only one sex’s reproductive health decisions, that language may run afoul of the Fifth Amendment’s equal protection guarantee. If the Council wishes to adopt this Bill or simi-lar legislation, it should clarify the Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to ensure that the exemption protects the religious and po-litical liberty interests that the First Amendment and RFRA are designed to se-cure. 
While I applaud the goals of this legisla-
tion, as currently drafted, this legislation is legally problematic. I am committed to working with the Council on language nec-essary to make the changes needed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.161 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2730 April 30, 2015 
BILL20–48, THE‘‘CIVILASSET FORFEITURE  
AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014’’ 
I support passage of this legislation in 
Final Reading. Bill 20–48 creates a free-standing title for civil forfeitures, which in-cludes sections on seizures, notice, con-testing seizure, interim release of seized property, filing a complaint, forfeiture pro-ceedings, return of property, disposal of for-feited property, adoptive seizures, reporting requirements, remission or mitigation, and the rule of lenity. 
While I continue to have reservations 
about the limitations this bill places on the Executive Branch and the Office of the At-torney General (OAG), I recognize that the forfeiture of civil assets—and procedures for their timely return to the owner—is a sig-nificant one in the community that is in need of reform. OAG and the U.S. Attorney’s Office worked with the Committee on Judici-ary and Public Safety on this legislation and was successful in making significant im-provements to the requirements included in the legislation. I appreciate the work that the Committee has undertaken to include af-fected parties, and believe that while this compromise is a good one, future Executives may have to amend the law if the District experiences challenges with the procedures the law puts in place. 
B
ILL20–468, THE‘‘LIMITATION ON THE USE OF  
RESTRAINTS ACT OF 2014’’ 
With the amendments circulated on Mon-
day, December 1, I support passage of this measure. Bill 20–468 limits the use of re-straints on a woman or youth who is known to be pregnant or in post-partum recovery, including in limited circumstances while in transport to a medical facility or while re-ceiving treatment at a medical facility. 
The District of Columbia is considered a 
national leader in its treatment of pregnant inmates, and I support codifying existing procedures to continue to be a model to other state penal institutions. However, I do not want to overly burden the administra-tion of our detention facilities with proce-dures that are unsafe both to inmates and corrections officers. The amendment being offered today strikes that balance. 
Thank you for the opportunity to express 
the Administration’s views on these pieces of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
V
INCENT C. G RAY. 
‘‘DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LOTS36, 41 AND802 IN 
SQUARE 3942 AND PARCELS 01430107 AND 
01430110 E MINENT DOMAIN AUTHORIZATION  
EMERGENCY AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2014’’ 
ANDACCOMPANYING DECLARATION AND TEM-
PORARY VERSION  
I urge the Council to approve this legisla-
tion giving the Mayor authorization to uti-lize eminent domain to secure District own-ership of property in Ward 5 that has long been a source of community complaint. This authorization is supported by the sur-rounding neighborhood community. Further, it does not mandate the use of eminent do-main. Councilmember McDuffie and I agree that having this tool available to the incom-ing Administration will be helpful in final-izing the future of the site. 
READING AND VOTE ON PROPOSED LEGISLATION  
BILL 20–790, THE ‘‘REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH  
NON-DISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF  
2014’’ 
I appreciate that the Committee on Judici-
ary and Public Safety has worked with the Office of the Attorney General to make the bill legally sufficient. However, it is my un-derstanding that additional language which would correct significant legal concerns will not be offered today. While I support the intent of the bill, with-
out the amendment, the Bill raises serious concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA). Religious organizations, reli-giously-affiliated organizations, religiously- driven for-profit entities, and political orga-nizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them. Moreover, to the ex-tent that some of the Bill’s language pro-tects only one sex’s reproductive health deci-sions, that language may run afoul of the Fifth Amendment’s equal protection guar-antee. 
If the Council wishes to adopt this Bill or 
similar legislation, it should clarify the Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to en-sure that the exemption protects the reli-gious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and RFRA are designed to secure. Without this language, I cannot sup-port the legislation and believe that the Council would expose the District govern-ment to costly legal challenges by moving forward. 
Thank you for the opportunity to express 
the Administration’s views on these pieces of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
V
INCENT C. G RAY. 
‘‘H S TREET , N.E., R ETAIL PRIORITY AREA 
CLARIFICATION EMERGENCY DECLARATION  
RESOLUTION OF 2015;’’ ‘‘H S TREET , N.E., R E-
TAIL PRIORITY AREA CLARIFICATION EMER-
GENCY AMENDMENT ACT OF 2015;’’ AND ‘‘H 
STREET , N.E., R ETAIL PRIORITY AREACLAR-
IFICATION TEMPORARY AMENDMENT ACT OF  
2015’’ 
I urge the Council to support this legisla-
tion. The ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Act of 2014’’ and subsequent emergency legis-lation amended the Bladensburg Road, N.E., Retail Priority Area and included it into the H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area. The ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Incentive Emergency Amendment Act of 2014’’ amend-ed the criteria for eligible retail develop-ment projects eligible to receive grants, but ambiguity remains on the clarity and accu-racy of the legislation amending the criteria for eligible retail development projects eligi-ble to receive grants. This emergency legis-lation addresses those immediate concerns before the next grant cycle, which concludes at the end of February 2015. 
‘‘R
EPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON-DISCRIMINATION  
CLARIFICATION EMERGENCY DECLARATION  
AMENDMENT ACT OF 2015;’’ ‘‘R EPRODUCTIVE  
HEALTH NON-DISCRIMINATION CLARIFICATION  
EMERGENCY AMENDMENT ACT OF 2015;’’ AND 
‘‘REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON-DISCRIMINA -
TION CLARIFICATION TEMPORARY AMEND -
MENT ACT OF 2015’’ 
Finally, I would like to draw the Council’s 
attention to legislation circulated by the Chairman on my behalf to address legal con-cerns in Bill 20-790, the ‘‘Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014.’’ The attached emergency legislation, which was circulated on Friday, January 30, will repeal and replace language from the underlying bill to make clear that it does not impose any new insurance requirements on employers related to reproductive health decisions. This emergency legislation en-sures that the District will remain in com-pliance with Federal and Constitutional law. I urge the Council to agendize the emergency at its next legislative meeting. 
Thank you for the opportunity to express 
the Administration’s views on these pieces of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
M
URIEL BOWSER . Chairman Phil Mendelson at the Request of 
the Mayor 
A BILL IN THE COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA  
To amend, on an emergency basis, the 
Human Rights Act of 1977 to provide a clari-fication that the prohibition of discrimina-tion on the basis of sex shall not be con-strued to require an employer to provide in-surance coverage related to a reproductive health decision. 
Be it enacted by the Council of the District 
of Columbia, That this act may be cited as the ‘‘Reproductive Health Non-Discrimina-tion Clarification Emergency Amendment Act of 2015’’. 
Sec. 2. Reproductive health choices clari-
fication. 
(a) Section 105(a) of the Human Rights Act 
of 1977, effective July 17, 1985 (D.C. Law 6–8; D.C. Official Code §2–1401.05(a)), is amended as follows: 
‘‘(a) For the purposes of interpreting this 
act, discrimination on the basis of sex shall include, but not be limited to, discrimina-tion on the basis of pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, breastfeeding, or reproductive health decisions; provided that this act shall not be construed to require an employer to provide insurance coverage re-lated to a reproductive health decision.’’. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, may I 
point out that, far from not discrimi-nating, I have named five women in five different States who have been dis-criminated against because of language precisely of the kind the District of Co-lumbia bill needs to avoid. 
It is true that the former Mayor and 
the former attorney general had some issues with the bill. They are no longer in office. Nevertheless, the current Mayor and the current city council have reviewed those issues. 
May I say that the Mayor never of-
fered any examples of the kind of inter-ference with religious or other rights. He was referring to the council, and the Mayor, nevertheless, reviewed his objections, and unanimously, the D.C. City Council and Mayor Bowser have, in fact, endorsed this bill. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), my good 
friend. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
This is a new low in the war on 
women. Women have been fired for using in vitro fertilization and fired for being pregnant before they are mar-ried. This isn’t some hypothetical or a cautious story from the 1950s. This is happening in America in the 21st cen-tury. 
The D.C. Council voted unanimously 
to protect workers from this type of discrimination because it understands what House Republicans must not, that employees should be judged by their performance, not their reproductive healthcare choices. 
Madam Speaker, hard-working 
women already have enough on their plate, from making 78 cents on the dol-lar compared to men, to acting as care-givers without paid family and medical leave. The majority doesn’t even have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:54 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.079 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2731 April 30, 2015 
the courage to bring up this bill in the 
light of day. 
Congress should be focused on grow-
ing the economy and providing oppor-tunity for all Americans, not making women fear that they might be fired if their employer does not approve of con-
traception or the manner in which they conceive children. 
b2145 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ), the cosponsor of this bill, 
the chair of the Republican Study Committee, and someone who has worked very hard on this legislation. 
Mr. FLORES. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.J. Res. 43, to formally dis-approve of the recent measure passed by the District of Columbia that clear-ly violates religious liberty. 
I thank my colleague, the gentle-
woman from Tennessee, for her work on this important issue. I urge all of my colleagues to join her in reaffirm-ing Congress’ commitment to pro-tecting our First Amendment rights. 
Despite its name, the Reproductive 
Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act does, in fact, discriminate against those who exercise their right to live according to their religious be-liefs. The D.C. measure tells values- based organizations that they may no longer live and work according to the very principles that they advocate. A Christian school would be required to pay for health insurance policies that include provisions that violate the be-liefs that they teach their students. In addition, a pro-life organization would be forced to hire individuals regardless of their commitment to pro-life values. 
Simply put, the D.C. Council measure 
compels Americans to act in clear vio-lation of their conscience. In doing so, they ignore the opinion of most Ameri-cans, Supreme Court precedent, and the First Amendment to our Constitu-tion. 
More than 80 percent of Americans 
agree that individuals should be free to run their businesses and their organi-zations according to their beliefs, with-out the government telling them what to do. In 2013, the Supreme Court upheld that opinion, ruling in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that employers have the right to operate their businesses according to their religious beliefs and principles. 
Most importantly, however, the free-
dom of belief is enshrined in the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights of our Constitution. Freedom of belief is the cornerstone of America’s founding principles. It was the promise of reli-gious freedom that spurred the first generation of immigrants to come here, and it is the practice of religious freedom that has brought people from all over the world, from all races and creeds, to our shores ever since. Religious freedom may be one of our 
oldest tenets and oldest principles, but it is one we must constantly strive and work to defend. This is not about one city or even one piece of legislation. Other cities or States may be consid-ering similar measures, and doing nothing will only embolden those who would violate religious liberty. 
We need to make clear, Madam 
Speaker, where the House stands on this important issue. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to join the gentlewoman from Tennessee and me in supporting today’s resolution. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Just to correct the gentleman that 
the church would have to buy insur-ance to cover abortion, the church is completely—every church is com-pletely—exempt from this law. Or, as he indicated, that a pro-choice group would have to hire a candidate who be-lieves in abortion, on the contrary, a pro-choice group can ask a candidate if that candidate is willing to carry out the mission of the organization against abortion, and if that candidate has any compunction, that candidate can, in-deed, be refused employment; and if such a person is on staff, that person can be fired. You cannot be on some-body’s staff and then take a position against the mission of that business or organization. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ), my good friend. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Madam Speaker, this resolution is an insult to women everywhere. What business is it of an employer—or anyone else, for that matter—to know whether or not workers or their daugh-ters are taking birth control? It is ab-solutely none of their business. 
And it also makes a mockery of the 
majority party’s oft repeated claims that it wishes to scale back the over-reach of the Federal Government, yet here they are reaching into personal lives. 
And the resolution is being proposed 
by the so-called party of states’ rights. They are not proposing a Federal law. They are trying to override the deci-sions of elected officials in the District of Columbia. 
Why should the Congress have the 
right to override the democratic deci-sions of people in our Nation’s Capital? A city with more people than the State of Wyoming and larger than Vermont gets no voting Senators or Congressmember in this body. 
This offensive effort to intrude into 
the most intimate of decisions of a woman’s life sends a loud and clear message from the majority that they think a woman’s employer does get a say in a woman’s reproductive healthcare choices, even though the Supreme Court, the Constitution, and women all across this country think 
that they do not. 
This resolution would give an em-
ployer coercive power to intrude on a woman’s private decisions about birth control, in vitro fertilization, and abor-tion. They are activities that obviously happen off the job and decisions that have no bearing whatsoever on a per-son’s ability to do her job. 
The District of Columbia’s Reproduc-
tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act does not diminish the right of religious freedom. This new D.C. law is modest in its scope. It sim-ply protects an employee’s right to self-determination. It handles a per-ceived conflict between two differing claims to rights in a simple and straightforward way. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote to this new low 
and public policy. 
Madam Speaker, this resolution is an insult 
to women everywhere. 
What business is it of an employer—or any-
one else for that matter—to know whether or not workers or their daughters are taking birth control? It is none of your business. 
And it also makes a mockery of the majority 
party’s oft repeated claims that it wishes to scale back what it calls the overreach of the Federal government this offensive effort to in-trude into the most intimate of decisions of a woman’s life—sends a loud and clear mes-sage from the Majority that they think a wom-an’s employer does get a say in a woman’s reproductive health care choices. 
Even though the Supreme Court, the Con-
stitution and women all across the country think you don’t. 
This resolution would give an employer co-
ercive power to intrude on a woman’s private decisions about birth control, in vitro fertiliza-tion, and abortion. 
They are activities that obviously happen off 
the job and decisions that have no bearing whatsoever on a woman’s ability to do her job. 
The District of Columbia’s Reproductive 
Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act does not diminish the right of religious free-dom. 
This new DC law is modest in its scope— 
it simply protects a employee’s right to self-de-termination. 
It handles a perceived conflict between two 
differing claims to rights in a simple and straightforward way. 
An employer has the right to hold whatever 
belief his conscience dictates—but he does not have the right to discriminate against em-ployees based on their private choice to use birth control, in vitro fertilization, or abortion. 
The DC law received a unanimous vote on 
the DC Council and was even revised to make it clear that it would not force an employer to provide insurance coverage for contraceptive or abortion coverage. 
And while this resolution might just affect 
women and their families here in our nation’s capital, women across the U.S. should be very much alarmed: Because if this resolution stands—Can there be any doubt—they’re coming for you next. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:54 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.162 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2732 April 30, 2015 
I urge my colleagues to consider the ways 
this resolution would threaten the jobs and economic security of hardworking DC resi-dents, and to oppose this absurd, discrimina-tory resolution. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), who has been a big pro-
tector of life and has been a good col-league of mine since our election in 2010. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, and I commend the gentlewoman from Tennessee and the gentleman from Texas for sponsoring this important piece of legislation. This resolution would prevent the District of Columbia from violating America’s basic First Amendment freedom of religion. 
We must protect pro-life organiza-
tions in D.C. and allow them to operate according to their sincerely held be-liefs. The D.C. City Council’s actions would have serious negative con-sequences for religious organizations operating in D.C., and religious or pro- life groups could be forced to make per-sonnel decisions that are inconsistent with their moral convictions. Addition-ally, these actions will force employers to defend against lawsuits of question-able merit brought with a political mo-tivation. 
Our Nation’s Capital should not be a 
place where people’s freedoms are taken away; it should be a place where the right to live according to your be-liefs is most fervently protected. We must respect and protect the religious freedoms established by the Constitu-tion and the Federal law. We must re-ject the overreach by the D.C. City Council. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.J. 
Res. 43. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, I must reject the 
gentlewoman’s desire to protect orga-nizations or residents in D.C. No resi-dent in D.C. has asked any Member of this body to protect them except the Member standing before you, and that Member can’t even protect them with a vote on this floor. 
This bill was passed unanimously by 
the D.C. City Council. If there is any objection to this bill, D.C. residents will repair to the courts, who are the only authorities who can tell us what is constitutional and what is not con-stitutional. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the minority leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, the distinguished Delegate from the District of Columbia. I thank her for her courageous, relentless, persistent, effective leadership and representation of the District of Columbia. 
I come to the floor, Madam Speaker, 
to ask several questions. I think they have to be addressed to you. How many times have our Repub-
lican colleagues come to this floor to express their belief in reducing the role of government, of the Federal Govern-ment? How many times have they come to the floor to preach their def-erence to states’ rights and local gov-ernment? And how many times have these House Republicans thrown all of that out the window when it comes to meddling, government meddling in the reproductive choices of America’s fam-ilies? 
Here we are with Republicans who 
disapprove a duly passed D.C. law in order to enable businesses to fire their employees for the reproductive health decisions that they make. And not only that, not only the decision that the employee makes, but the decision that a spouse makes or a dependent, a child, makes. 
Allowing employers to fire employees 
for using birth control or in vitro fer-tilization, which answers the prayers of so many families, or any other repro-ductive health service is an outrageous intrusion into workers’ personal lives. 
This is Hobby Lobby on steroids. This 
is about a business firing someone— man or woman—for private health de-cisions with no bearing on the work-place. In fact, if Republicans have their way, employers would not need to cite religion at all to discriminate against employees for their reproductive deci-sions. 
House Republicans—and I say House 
Republicans, Madam Speaker, because this isn’t what Republicans think throughout the country. House Repub-licans need to recognize that personal healthcare choices are not your boss’ business. A business has no right to threaten its employees for their repro-ductive choices or for the reproductive choices made by members of their fam-ilies. 
I keep saying it over and over. House 
Republicans have no business using this House of Representatives to enable such appalling discrimination. I urge my colleagues to stand against this radical assault on the rights of workers and families here in D.C. 
Again, how many times have we seen 
our House Republican colleagues come to the floor to speak of their belief in reducing the role of the Federal Gov-ernment? Not so fast, families of the District of Columbia. This doesn’t mean you. 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), who is the chair-
man of the Pro-Life Caucus. He is a co-sponsor of this bill, and he is a defender of life. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam 
Speaker, let me just say at the outset to my friend, the former Speaker for whom I have the highest regard, it is always appropriate to defend to the best extent possible the fragile lives of unborn children from the violence of abortion, and it is always appropriate to defend to the greatest degree pos-
sible conscience rights when they are under assault. That is why I, along with many of my colleagues, rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, to disapprove of D.C. legislation that infringes on the First Amendment freedoms of religious charities and pro-life advocacy groups in the District of Columbia. 
I especially want to thank Congress-
woman D
IANE BLACK for her consistent 
and highly effective leadership over many years for fundamental con-science rights and for attempting to re-spect human life to the greatest extent possible. 
b2200 
I agree with six distinguished law 
professors—and I will include their let-ters fully in the Record—who wrote the D.C. Council last November and who said: 
‘‘RHNDA’s attempt to prevent em-
ployers from making decisions based on their ’personal beliefs’ implies that the State has the power to judge what are and are not legitimate ’personal be-liefs’ and to conclude that religiously motivated opposition to State policies is unacceptable. The Supreme Court has unanimously affirmed that employ-ers, not the State, may determine which religious practices they use as the basis for their organization’s poli-cies.’’ 
The Secretary of Education for the 
Archdiocese of Washington wrote every Member of Congress, and he said: 
‘‘RHNDA would force religious insti-
tutions, including the 20 Catholic schools in the District of Columbia that I oversee, to hire or retain em-ployees who publicly act in defiance of the mission of their employer. It would subjugate the church’s moral teaching to the moral views of the government.’’ 
The National Right to Life Com-
mittee, which has its national head-quarters right here in the District, said: 
‘‘It would be intolerable for an advo-
cacy organization such as ours to be re-quired to hire or prohibit from firing a person who makes a ’decision’ to en-gage in advocacy or any other activity that is directly antithetical to our core mission to lawfully advocate for the civil rights of the unborn.’’ 
Christian and Muslim leaders also 
wrote a letter in which they pointed out: 
‘‘We come together to oppose 
RHNDA. We believe it would infringe on religious employers’ freedom to make employment decisions when nec-essary to preserve their religious mis-sion and identity.’’ 
Catholic University president John 
Garvey, a very, very distinguished president of Catholic U. and whom I literally had up in hearings to speak out against anti-Semitism, said: 
‘‘This bill would require all employ-
ers, including religious schools such as ours, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of our mission. It would take away our right to carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:54 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.065 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2733 April 30, 2015 
out our mission through personnel 
policies and practices that are rooted in our faith. The D.C. bill carries no ex-emption or language of tolerance.’’ 
Again, I would agree with former 
Mayor Vincent Gray in that it raises serious First Amendment concerns in the Constitution. 
APRIL 29, 2015. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , I am writing to 
urge your support of the House Joint Resolu-tion 43, disapproving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act in the United States House of Representa-tives. 
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimina-
tion Amendment Act would force religious institutions, including the 20 Catholic schools in the District of Columbia that I oversee, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of the mission of their employer. It would subjugate the Church’s moral teaching to the moral views of the government, violating the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, and re-sult in discrimination against religious be-lievers. Practically speaking, Catholic schools would be obliged to keep teachers that sow confusion among schoolchildren by engaging in conduct that is contrary to Catholic teaching on the fundamental dig-nity of human life from the moment of con-ception. The Archdiocese of Washington has long respected home rule for the District of Columbia and, therefore, advocated for our constitutional rights with the D.C. Council and Mayor. However, they moved forward de-spite our objections forcing us to appeal to the United States Congress to restore our freedoms. 
Accordingly the Archdiocese of Wash-
ington joins other religious institutions, faith-based organizations and pro-life advo-cacy groups urging you and your colleagues to defend our freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom of association in the Na-tion’s Capital. 
Please vote for House Joint Resolution 43 
disapproving the Reproductive Health Non- Discrimination Amendment Act. Thank You. 
Sincerely, 
T
HOMAS W. B URNFORD , D.M IN. 
Secretary for Education. 
THECATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF AMER-
ICA, OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , 
Washington, DC, April 30, 2015. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE , I urge you to vote 
for House Joint Resolution 43 when it reaches the floor today. The bill would ex-press the House’s disapproval of the Repro-ductive Health Non-Discrimination Act passed by the D.C. Council. 
That bill would require all employers, in-
cluding religious schools such as ours, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of our mission. It would take away our right to carry out our mission through personnel policies and practices that are rooted in our faith. 
The D.C. bill carries no exemption or lan-
guage of tolerance that would acknowledge or accommodate the religious and associational freedoms protected by the First Amendment. It places the preferences of the government above the Church’s teach-ing on important matters. 
I recognize the significance of Congress’s 
acting to disapprove a bill passed by the D.C. Council and urge you to take this unusual step only because of the great impact the bill would have on our ability freely to operate 
this University. I am grateful for your sup-port 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNGARVEY , 
President. 
NOVEMBER 5, 2014. 
Hon. P HILMENDELSON , 
Council of the District of Columbia, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN MENDELSON : We are col-
lege and university professors opposed to the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Act of 2014 (RHNDA). It seeks to amend Sec. 2. Section 211 (D.C. Official Code §2–1402.11) of the Human Rights Act of 1977, effective December 13, 1977 (D.C. Law 2–38; D.C. Offi-cial Code §201401.01 et seq) (the Act) to read: ‘‘An employer or employment agency shall not discriminate against an individual with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment because of or on the basis of the individual’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, includ-ing a decision to use or access a particular 
drug, device or medical service, because of or on the basis of an employer’s personal beliefs about such services.’’ 
We are convinced that RHNDA violates the 
federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), which governs the District’s poli-cies on the restriction of religious freedoms. RFRA is not limited to institutions owned by religious organizations, but extends to closely-held corporations whose owners’ free exercise of religion is burdened by state reg-ulation. Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, No. 13–354 (U.S. June 30, 2014). 
The Act currently contains an exemption 
for religious organizations and organizations ‘‘operated, supervised or controlled by or in connection with a religious . . . organiza-tion’’ (§2–1401.3). RHNDA appears aimed at owners of entities like Hobby Lobby, whose owners would seek the same exemption of-fered religious organizations and their sub-sidiaries. The standard that RFRA stipu-lates, that the government may burden reli-gious practice of owners of closely-held cor-porations only when it is advancing a com-pelling state interest by means that are the least restrictive to the affected religious practice, is ignored by the proposed legisla-tion. 
RHNDA proposes to overturn the long- 
standing recognition of the right of religious employers to run their enterprises according to their religious beliefs. RHNDA’s attempt to prevent employers from making decisions based on their ‘‘personal beliefs’’ implies that the state has the power to judge what are, and are not, legitimate ‘‘personal be-liefs’’ and to conclude that religiously-moti-vated opposition to state policies is unac-ceptable. The Supreme Court has unani-mously affirmed that employers, not the state, may determine which religious prac-tices they use as the basis for their organiza-tions’ policies. Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical Lutheran Church and School v. EEOC, 132 S. Ct. 6. 
We oppose passage of the RHNDRA and 
urge you and your colleagues to reject this bill. 
Signed, 
P
ROFESSOR GEORGE W. 
DENT, Jr., 
Case Western Reserve 
University School of Law. 
R
OBERT A. D ESTRO , 
Professor of Law, Co-
lumbus School of Law, The Catholic University of Amer-ica. 
J
OHNFARINA , Associate Prof. of Reli-
gious Studies, George Mason Uni-versity. 
R
OBERT P. G EORGE , 
McCormick Professor 
of Jurisprudence, Princeton Univer-sity. 
J
OHNC. H IRSH, 
Professor of English, 
Georgetown Univer-sity. 
F
RANK A. O RBAN III, 
Institute of World Pol-
itics (Ret.). 
APRIL 30, 2015. 
Re nullify the D.C. ‘‘Reproductive Health 
Non-Discrimination’’ law. 
DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : The National 
Right to Life Committee, the nationwide federation of state right-to-life organiza-tions, urges you to vote in favor of H. J. Res. 43, a resolution introduced by Congress-woman Black to nullify the so-called ‘‘Re-productive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act’’ (RHNDA) in the District of Columbia. NRLC intends to include the roll call on H. J. Res. 43 in our scorecard of key pro-life votes of the 114th Congress. 
The RHNDA prohibits employers within 
the District from engaging in ‘‘discrimina-tion’’ on the basis of ‘‘decisions’’ reached by employees, or potential employees, regard-ing ‘‘reproductive health’’ matters. It is not disputed that abortion is among the matters encompassed by the term ‘‘reproductive health’’ as used in the new law. The scope of the RHNDA is very broad, covering any ‘‘de-cisions’’ that are ‘‘related to the use . . . of a particular . . . medical service . . .’’ [em-phasis added]. 
The National Right to Life Committee 
(NRLC) advocates for recognition that each unborn child is a member of the human fam-ily, and that each abortion stops a beating heart and ends the life of a developing human being. That viewpoint is shared by many women who once believed otherwise and submitted to abortions, and by many men who once believed otherwise and were complicit in abortion; such persons number among the most committed activists within our organization and other pro-life organiza-tions. Yet it would be intolerable for an ad-vocacy organization such as ours to be re-quired to hire, or prohibited from firing, a person who makes a ‘‘decision’’ to engage in advocacy or any other activity that is di-rectly antithetical to our core mission to lawfully advocate for the civil rights of the unborn. 
Under the RHNDA, using any ‘‘decision 
. . . related to’’ abortion to inform decisions about hiring, firing, or benefits (among other things) would expose our organization both to enforcement actions by the District gov-ernment bureaucracy, and to private law-suits (some of which would likely be engen-dered by ‘‘sting’’ operations by pro-abortion advocates). 
Some have suggested that we would be pro-
tected from such results by a clause in the pre-existing D.C. Human Rights Act that makes narrow allowance for ‘‘giving pref-erence to persons of the same religion or po-litical persuasion’’ as a controlling ‘‘reli-gious or political organization.’’ But NRLC is neither a political nor a religious organi-zation as those terms are used in the law. NRLC is not ‘‘operated, supervised or con-trolled by’’ any religious institution or polit-ical party, as the law requires to claim the narrow exemption. Moreover, our staff is made up of persons who are personally affili-ated with a wide variety of religious bodies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.165 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2734 April 30, 2015 
or with none, and persons who belong to a 
variety of political parties, or to none. 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution provides 
that Congress shall ‘‘exercise exclusive legis-lation in all cases whatsoever’’ with respect to the seat of government, the federal Dis-trict. Therefore, the RHNDA has been en-acted with legal authority delegated to the District Council by Congress; that local body has no other political authority whatever under the Constitution. It follows that mem-bers of Congress are responsible for, and ac-countable for, abuses of the legal authority that Congress has delegated to District offi-cials. The RHNDA is just such an abuse of delegated power—it is a politically moti-vated attack on our organization and the other organizations that seek to vindicate the human rights of unborn children. 
The roll call on H. J. Res. 43, the resolution 
of disapproval, will be accurately described in our scorecard and in reports to our na-tional membership as a fair reading of where each Member of the House of Representa-tives stands regarding a blatantly political attack on the pro-life movement. 
Respectfully, 
D
OUGLAS D. J OHNSON , 
Legislative Director. 
SUSAN T. M USKETT , J.D., 
Senior Legislative 
Counsel. 
Hon. P HILMENDELSON , 
Council of the District of Columbia, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN MENDELSON : We represent 
the city’s broad and diverse faith commu-nity. We may believe and practice our faith differently. We may have divergent positions on important issues. However we all agree that faith communities have a right to freely exercise their religion and a responsibility to promote and protect this important freedom. We believe religious freedom is not only our priority, but also a priority in our society. 
We come together then to oppose the Re-
productive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014. We believe it would infringe upon religious employers’ freedom to make employment decisions when nec-essary to preserve their religious mission and identity. In doing so, the legislation would allow for unjust and unnecessary gov-ernment interference into religious employ-ers’ governance and operations. 
While religious employers do not police 
employees’ or dependents’ private reproduc-tive health decisions, these employers must have the freedom to respond to employees’ public behavior repudiating their religious mission and identity. 
We believe that the legislation would in 
fact discriminate against religious employ-ers in a manner prohibited by the significant constitutional and legal protections provided to religious organizations in the U.S. Con-stitution’s First Amendment and the Reli-gious Freedom Restoration Act 
We respectfully request that you oppose 
the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act. We pray that you will be fair and reasonable in your considerations of our sincere concerns. We will follow up with you with regard to these priority concerns. 
Sincerely, 
Reverend Patrick Walker, President, Bap-
tist Convention of D.C. and Vicinity; Rev-erend Susan Taylor, National Public Affairs Director, Church of Scientology National Af-fairs Office; Talib M. Shareef, CMSgt, USAF- Retired, Imam/President, The Nation’s Mosque, Masjid Muhammad; Reverend Kendrick E. Curry, Pastor, Pennsylvania Av-enue Baptist Church—DuPont Park; Rev-erend Dr. George C. Gilbert, Pastor, Holy Trinity United Baptist Church—Hillbrook; Reverend A.C. Durant, Pastor, Tenth Street Baptist Church—Shaw; Reverend Sylvia 
Stanard, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Lee Holzinger, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Monsignor Robert Panke, Rector, Saint John Paul II Semi-nary—Brookland; Reverend William Byrne, Secretary of Pastoral Ministry and Social Concerns, Archdiocese of Washington. 
Michael Scott, Director, D.C. Catholic 
Conference; Reverend Frederick Close, Pas-tor, St. Anthony Catholic Church— Brookland; Reverend Adam Y. Park, Pastor, Epiphany Catholic Church—Georgetown; Reverend Michael Briese, Pastor, Holy Name Catholic Church—Capitol Hill North; Rev-erend Monsignor Godfrey T. Mosley, Pastor, St. Ann Catholic Church—Tenleytown; Rev-erend Mark R. Ivany, Pastor, Assumption Catholic Church—Congress Heights; Rev-erend Michael J. Kelley, Pastor, St. Martin Catholic Church—Bloomingdale; Monsignor Raymond G. East, Pastor, St. Teresa of Avila Catholic Church—Anacostia; Reverend Wil-liam Gurnee, Director of Spiritual Forma-tion, Saint John Paul II Seminary— Brookland. 
Monsignor John Enzler, President and 
CEO, Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington; Reverend Henry A. Gaston, Pastor, Johnson Memorial Baptist Church; Reverend Beth Akiyama, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Kay Holzinger, Min-ister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Mario E. Dorsonville, Vice President of Mission and Immigration Outreach, Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington; Reverend Avelino A. Gonzalez, Director, Ecumenical and Inter-Faith Affairs Archdiocese of Wash-ington; Reverend Monsignor Ronald W. Jameson, Rector, Cathedral of Saint Mat-thew the Apostle—DuPont Circle; Reverend Monsignor James D. Watkins, Pastor, Im-maculate Conception Catholic Church— Shaw; Reverend Monsignor Paul Langsfeld, Pastor, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church on Cap-itol Hill. 
Reverend Gregory Schommer, O.P., Pastor, 
St. Dominic Catholic Church—Southwest Waterfront; Reverend Andrew F. Royals; Reverend Mark R. Ivany, Pastor, St. Bene-dict the Moor Catholic Church—Kingman Park; Reverend Ron Potts, Pastor, Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament—Chevy Chase; Reverend Thomas Franks, S.S.J., Pastor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help Catholic Church—Buena Vista; Reverend Cornelius Kelechi Ejiogu, S.S.J., Pastor, St. Luke Catholic Church—Marshall Heights; Rev-erend Alfred J. Harris, Pastor, St Mary Mother of God Catholic Church—Chinatown; Reverend Evelio Menjivar, Pastor, Our Lady Queen of the Americas—Kalorama; Reverend Richard Mullins, Pastor, St. Thomas Apostle Catholic Church—Woodley Park; Reverend Raymond M. Moore, Pastor, St. Thomas More Catholic Church—Washington High-lands; Monsignor Charles Pope, Pastor, Holy Comforter-Saint Cyprian Catholic Church— Capitol Hill. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Once again, a pro-life organization 
can hire or fire anyone it wants to. If that person opposes the mission of the pro-life organization, the pro-life orga-nization does not have to hire that per-son and may fire that person. 
Another matter that has to be cor-
rected is that the D.C. discrimination law provides that nothing in the act— the act under discussion here—pro-hibits religious and political organiza-tions from limiting employment or ad-mission to or giving preference to per-sons of the same religion or political 
persuasion as calculated by that orga-nization to promote the religious or po-litical principles for which it is estab-lished or maintained. 
That is the text. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), my 
friend. 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from D.C. 
Madam Speaker, I stand today in op-
position to this resolution. 
I want to make clear the con-
sequences of the misguided resolution that we are considering today because it is not about religious freedom; it is about the freedom to make incredibly personal and significant decisions without having to consult your boss. 
I have recently experienced the joy of 
becoming a mother for the first time. This miracle was not possible without the aid of in vitro fertilization. Given the excess radiation exposure I re-ceived during treatment for my com-bat-related amputations, this was the only way I would ever have a child. 
Every woman in this country should 
have the same opportunity to start a family, and no woman should ever be fired for doing so. This should be com-mon sense. Unfortunately, the resolu-
tion before us today would remove the legal protections ensuring that this is the case in D.C. 
The law we are voting to disapprove 
today would prevent stories like that of Emily Herx’s, a language arts teach-er at a Catholic school in Indiana. She was fired after school authorities dis-covered that she and her husband used in vitro fertilization to try to have a child. They sought IVF treatments after learning that she suffered from a medical condition that caused infer-tility. She was told that the procedure was contrary to church teachings, and, as a result, her teaching contract would not be renewed. Last December, a jury sided with her, awarding her damages in the case. 
Employees like Emily Herx should be 
judged at work based on their job per-formances, not on private decisions they make with their families and doc-tors. That is exactly what the D.C. Council intended to ensure in passing their resolution to protect women in the District. 
I urge all Members to oppose this at-
tempt by the majority to limit the rights of the people of the District of Columbia. In this day and age, the last thing we should be doing is punishing couples who are having difficulty in starting a family. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE), one of our 
freshmen and a cosponsor of the bill. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 43, to protect different orga-nizations from having to choose be-tween their faiths and their jobs. 
This is not a war on women. It is an 
outright war on religious liberties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.070 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2735 April 30, 2015 
Forcing people to participate in offen-
sive acts in order to stay in business is unconstitutional, and the D.C. Council has wholeheartedly interfered with the rights that are guaranteed in our Con-stitution. It is not a crime for individ-uals or organizations to exercise their First Amendment right. Respecting re-ligious liberties when it can be reason-ably accommodated is both common sense and constitutional. 
As Congress, we have a duty to dis-
approve of what the D.C. Council has done, and I urge my colleagues to do so. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, may I 
inquire as to how much time remains on my side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 11 minutes remaining. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), a member 
of our committee. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. Madam Speaker, we have an obligation to fight discrimination wherever it exists and in whatever form it exists. 
This resolution would allow employ-
ers to discriminate against employees who make decisions based on the inter-ests of their health and their families. If employers don’t like the personal health care decisions that their em-ployees make, this resolution would allow employers to fire them. 
Is it right to allow employers to fire 
women who use contraception or who try to conceive through in vitro fer-tilization? 
Employees should be judged on their 
job performances and nothing else, es-pecially not on their private medical decisions. Nobody has the right to interfere with those decisions—no-body—not an employer, not the House of Representatives, not any of us. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), the chairman of the 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
first want to start by thanking my ranking member, Mr. E
LIJAH CUM-
MINGS . I feel for him and for his city 
and what they are having to go through in Baltimore. I know he would have liked to have been here, but I have the utmost respect for him, and I wish nothing but the best for the peo-ple of Baltimore. I thank him for the decorum we have had and for the suc-cess we have had thus far on the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. We have had good debates. We have disagreed on issues, but I think we have probably agreed on most issues that we have had come before us. 
I also want to thank the gentle-
woman from the District, who cares passionately about her service and the people of Washington, D.C., and I know it comes from her heart as she speaks about these. We have had good success 
on our committee in having these vig-orous debates but having done so in a professional manner, and I thank her for that kind of discussion that we have had. Again, I know that she speaks from her heart on this. 
Madam Speaker, we do believe that 
this was a timely and appropriate bill to bring up. I know that it doesn’t hap-pen very often. It is not a common oc-currence. That is because a lot of what Washington, D.C., does and passes is not something that is of any con-troversy whatsoever. Yet, when you have the attorney general for the Dis-trict of Columbia saying this has prob-lems with the Constitution and prob-lems in the law and when you have Mayor Gray making the same case that this has problems, I hope that both sides will recognize, no matter how 
they vote, that this law that was trans-mitted to the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee—to Con-gress—is problematic, and they have admitted as such. They know that it is problematic, and I think we have a role and a responsibility to add our voice to that. That is what the Constitution calls for. 
The Constitution makes it clear that 
Congress does have the ability to exer-cise the ultimate legislative authority over the District of Columbia. In the typical case, Congress plays no part in it as the overwhelming majority of pieces of legislation that get trans-
mitted to us continue to sail on, but the RHNDA legislation, as passed by the D.C. Council, has left us with no choice but to act. 
The bill affects the hiring practices 
of all D.C. employers, but it provides no exemption for religious or political organizations that work to advance certain beliefs regarding reproductive health. Because of this, the bill fails to ensure that protections are guaranteed under the First Amendment. 
As I said before, former D.C. Mayor 
Vincent Gray, a Democrat, wrote the D.C. Council twice, warning that this bill was unconstitutional. To fix the problem, Mayor Gray recommended the council include an exemption for reli-gious or political organizations, but the council and the current mayor ig-nored Mayor Gray’s request, which would have alleviated the constitu-tional concerns. She ignored that. The current mayor ignored that. If they had taken Mayor Gray’s advice, I don’t think we would be standing here today, talking about this bill. 
Washington, D.C.’s current mayor, 
Ms. Bowser, also saw the problems with the bill. She requested the council pass temporary—and that is important, ‘‘temporary’’—emergency legislation clarifying the bill doesn’t require an employer to provide insurance cov-erage for reproductive health decisions that an employer does not agree with. That is an important part of this dis-cussion, but the legislation is only temporary. The bill remains unclear as to what it requires the D.C. employers to cover. The other point that I would put in 
place here is that Washington, D.C., has been a city for a long time—for a couple hundred years, I think—and this legislation has not been in place. We are not trying to erase something. We are saying that the bill that was trans-mitted to us is problematic, and there are ways to remedy and fix that. Some would say, well, it has been fixed by this temporary—again, temporary— piece of legislation, but that hasn’t been transmitted to us. The D.C. Coun-cil had an opportunity to provide us with that temporary legislation, but they didn’t. Maybe they will in the fu-ture—I don’t know—but that is not the bill that is before us today. 
What I am arguing for is the same 
thing in concept as from the Wash-ington, D.C., attorney general. It is the same thing in concept that D.C. Mayor Gray has said, and it is the same thing, quite frankly, that the current mayor has argued is problematic, because she wanted to clarify that the very argu-ments we hear back to us are that their bill doesn’t actually do that, that we are not trying to effect that—in es-sence, saying that we are right, that we are not trying to get into this dan-gerous, unprecedented territory which a lot of us find offensive. 
Madam Speaker, I think what we 
have done is very reasonable in our ap-proach. We have very differing ap-proaches and mindsets. I get that, but I do appreciate the debate. That is what we are supposed to be doing in Congress. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman from 
the District of Columbia and, cer-tainly, our ranking member, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS . He is a good man, and he is in a 
tough situation. Again, our thoughts and prayers are with him and with the people of Baltimore and of Maryland. I would hope they would look to his leadership and what he is telling the people, which is to calmly, calmly dis-cuss these issues as we are calmly dis-cussing these issues here tonight. 
Again, I urge the passage of this. I 
think it is an appropriate thing to do, and it is a timely thing to do. The clock has run out. We only have 30 days. The time is right upon us, so I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution tonight. 
b2215 
Finally, I will say I really do appre-
ciate Mrs. B
LACK for her heart and pas-
sion on this issue and the good work that she has done. She cares deeply about these issues. We all do. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and say that I do want to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , for the way he has run 
the committee and especially with re-spect to this controversial legislation. He has allowed members to speak. It has been a very civil repartee on both sides. 
I would like to offer that I have al-
ready read the text of D.C. law that ex-
empts both religious and political or-ganizations from limiting employment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.166 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2736 April 30, 2015 
in the way that other employers must, 
that they may hire based on their reli-gious views and their political views. Pro-life organizations are protected; churches are protected. 
The continuous citation of the 
former Mayor and the former attorney general would make you think that they were still in office. The council did, in fact, look once again at their objections, finding that their objec-tions had already been taken care of in prior D.C. law. The council then unani-mously passed the bill again. 
It is painful to hear the insurance 
matter cited against the District of Co-lumbia because the only reason it isn’t final law is because the District of Co-lumbia has to transmit to this body every law, and it has to lay over for at least 30 days before it becomes final. If we had our way, if we had the same rights that every other Member has whose district is in the United States of America, it would already be law. It shouldn’t be cited against us. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ), a member of the com-
mittee. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, I 
address you today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 43. The resolution under-mines the purpose of the D.C. Council antidiscrimination bill. D.C. residents deserve to be protected from discrimi-nation in the workplace. Everyone should have the ability to make a pri-vate healthcare decision, including when and how they will start a family, and without the fear of losing their jobs or facing retaliation or retribution from their employer. 
Unfortunately, women across the 
country have faced discrimination for personal decisions such as using birth control, becoming pregnant while un-married, or using in vitro fertilization to become pregnant. Contrary to claims by my Republican colleagues, this bill does not impose any new re-quirements on employers to cover or to pay for any reproductive health serv-ices. 
Are women’s rights not guaranteed 
by the Constitution just like those of men in this country? This is not about whether you or I have an abortion or whether you or I use IVF. Madam Speaker, this is about a woman’s right to choose what is right for them in the privacy of their homes and doctor’s of-fice and with their family. This is not about pro-choice or pro-life. This is about religious freedom. This is about government intrusion. 
This resolution, forced on the people 
of D.C. by a Member of Congress from Tennessee, flies in the face of the democratic debate and vote already heard by the D.C. Council. This resolu-tion preserves the current exemption in the D.C. human rights laws for reli-gious organizations and does not im-
pose any additional requirements on employers based on their religious be-lief. 
I stand here today, Madam Speaker, 
as a member of the largest number of women in this Congress, and I can tell 
you, I am offended by this bill. I stand here today in opposition. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), a cospon-
sor of the bill and one of my colleagues from my State. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I thank the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee for her work on this issue, and I also thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ for the 
work that he has done on this issue. 
Both the gentlewoman and the chair-
man have mentioned the work and the comments by Mayor Gray regarding this policy and the policy by the RHNDA. You can say the reason that we are here tonight is to correct a wrong. I think you could also say that it is here to protect one of those first principles that we hold so very dear in this country and one of the reasons that our country was founded: to cele-brate and enjoy religious freedom. So that is what brings us to the floor to-night. One of the things that we hear from our constituents all the time, Madam Speaker, is that we should never pass bills that are going to com-promise or limit our freedoms. 
Now, it is important to note that 
what the District has done with the RHNDA would prevent organizations of faith—including schools, churches, and pro-life groups established explicitly to uphold their moral and ethical views— from making personnel decisions con-sistent with the mission of their very establishment. So that is a prohibition that we are addressing with this reso-lution that we are bringing forward to-night. 
I think it is important to note the 
resolution doesn’t take away any rights and it doesn’t add any new rights. What it does is to maintain what has been current law. That is something that is important for us to remember. I also think it is important to note that in 2012 the Supreme Court unanimously affirmed the rights of re-ligious organizations, and we stand to-night with that affirmation. 
Ms. NORTON. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), my 
good friend. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Speaker, I insert for the R ECORD two 
letters, one from Americans United for Separation of Church and State, and the other from over 20 organizations, including the Anti-Defamation League, Catholics for Choice, People for the American Way, United Methodist Church General Board of Church and Society, over 20 organizations. Both letters are in opposition to the resolu-tion. 
AMERICANS UNITED , APRIL 30, 2015. 
Re: Oppose Attempts to Curtail Civil Rights 
in the District of Columbia 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-
cans United for Separation of Church and State, we write to urge you to oppose efforts to curtail civil rights in the District of Co-lumbia, including H.J. Res. 43, the resolution to disapprove of D.C.’s Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (RHNDAA). This bill, which the D.C. Council 
recently passed unanimously, expands civil rights and effectuates the will of the people of D.C. It should not be nullified by Con-gress. 
Founded in 1947, Americans United is a 
nonpartisan educational organization dedi-cated to preserving the, constitutional prin-ciple of church-state separation as the only way to ensure true religious freedom for all Americans. We fight to protect the right of individuals and religious communities to worship—or not—as they see fit without gov-ernment interference, compulsion, support, or disparagement. Americans United has more than 120,000 members and supporters across the country. 
THE REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON - 
DISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT  
The RHNDAA protects D.C. employees and 
their dependents from discrimination based on their personal reproductive health care decisions. This bill strengthens existing pro-tections against employment discrimination and ensures that employees and their fami-lies can make their own private health deci-sions, including whether, when, and how to start a family and what the size of their fam-ily should be, without fear of losing their jobs or facing retribution from their employ-ers. 
Our nation’s laws have long protected the 
freedom of religion and belief, ensuring every person has the right to follow the dic-
tates of his or her own conscience. Contrary to opponents’ claims, the RHNDAA does not violate religious freedom protections. 
In accordance with the Free Exercise 
Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, religious beliefs do not excuse compliance with valid and neutral laws of general applicability. Courts deem laws neu-tral unless they ‘‘target religious beliefs’’ or ‘‘if the object of [the] law is to infringe upon or restrict practices because of their reli-gious motivation.’’ The RHNDAA does not single out religious beliefs or practices. In-stead, the bill treats all employers the same. 
The RHNDAA would also survive a chal-
lenge under the Religious Freedom Restora-tion Act (RFRA), which applies to D.C. RFRA prohibits the government from ‘‘sub-stantially burden[ing] a person’s exercise of religion’’ unless the government can dem-onstrate that the burden is justified by a compelling government interest and is the least restrictive means of furthering that in-terest. RFRA is not triggered when there is just ‘‘the slightest obstacle to religious exer-cise.’’ And, burdens are permissible when the government’s interest is important, includ-ing combatting discrimination. 
The bill does not compel any employer to 
endorse any actions that may be in conflict with their religious tenets. This act merely ensures that employees and their families face no employment consequences for their private health care decisions. Eradicating employment discrimination against women is a compelling government interest and there is no less restrictive means of pre-venting discrimination. 
Furthermore, this bill protects women who 
choose to exercise their constitutionally pro-tected rights to make ‘‘personal choice[s] in matters of marriage and family life.’’ Busi-ness owners are absolutely entitled to their religious beliefs—but they cannot use their beliefs to justify discrimination against their employees. The RHNDAA would make sure that employees and their families can make their own private health decisions, based on their own consciences and in con-sultation with their own physicians, without fear of losing their job. 
Finally, it’s important to remember that 
the RHNDAA does not override existing pro-tections for religious employers in hiring. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.168 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2737 April 30, 2015 
The D.C. Human Rights Act already contains 
an exemption for employers ‘‘operated, su-pervised, or controlled by or in connection with a religious . . . organization’’ to give preference or limit employment to those of the same faith. Moreover, as the Supreme Court held in Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical Lutheran Church & Sch. v. E.E.O.C., the First Amendment protects religious institu-tions’ right to make decisions about employ-ees in ministerial positions—those who preach and teach the faith. The RHNDAA does not alter these already-existing protec-tions. 
THE HUMAN RIGHTS AMENDMENT ACT  
Although the House will be voting on H.J. 
Res. 43, which would prevent the RHNDAA from taking effect, H.J. Res. 44, a resolution of disapproval of D.C.’s Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014 (HRAA), has also been introduced. This is another attempt to curtail civil rights in the District of Colum-bia and should likewise be rejected. 
The HRAA would ensure that LGBT stu-
dents in the District are not subject to dis-crimination by educational institutions. Under the HRAA, religiously affiliated edu-cational institutions would have to provide LGBT student groups with the same equal access to school facilities and services as all other student groups, but they would not be required to provide LGBT student groups with funds or official recognition. 
The HRAA, like the RHNDAA, has also 
been attacked by opponents claiming it vio-lates religious freedom protections under the First Amendment and RFRA. But religiously affiliated educational institutions have nei-ther a constitutional nor statutory right to discriminate against LGBT student groups in the name of religion. The HRAA is a neu-tral law of general applicability that has the effect of ensuring all schools and universities provide equal access and services to LGBT students. It would not compel the schools to fund or recognize LGBT student groups and serves a government interest that the D.C. Court of Appeals long ago held was compel-ling. As explained by the Court, eradicating discrimination against LGBT students serves to ‘‘foster[] individual dignity, . . . creat[e] a climate and environment in which each indi-vidual can utilize his or her potential to con-tribute to and benefit from society, and [pro-mote the] equal protection of the life, liberty and property that the Founding Fathers guaranteed to us all:’’ 
CONCLUSION  
The D.C. Council, supported by the people 
it represents, passed the RHNDAA and the HRAA to protect members of the D.C. com-munity from discrimination. Contrary to the rhetoric surrounding this bill, it does not violate religious liberty protections. Rather, the RHNDAA stands to protect all employees in the District from discrimination. Accord-ingly, we urge you to reject any attempts to curtail civil rights in the District of Colum-bia, including H.J. Res. 43. 
Religion should never be used an excuse to 
justify discrimination. Yet that is what op-ponents of these measures would like to do. We know there will be other attempts to misuse religious liberty in Congress. We urge you to reject this one and those to come. 
Thank you for your consideration of this 
important matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
AGGIE GARRETT , 
Legislative Director, 
Americans United for Separation of Church and State 
E
LISE HELGESEN AGUILAR , 
Federal Legislative 
Counsel, Americans United for Separa-tion of Church and 
State. 
APRIL 30, 2015. 
Re: Oppose Attempts to Curtail D.C. Civil 
Rights 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 
religious, interfaith, and civil liberties orga-nizations that advocate for freedom of reli-gion and belief write to urge you to reject any and all congressional efforts, including resolutions of disapproval, that would pre-vent two D.C. civil rights bills from taking effect. The D.C. Council unanimously passed both the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Amendment Act of 2014 (RHNDAA) and the Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014 (HRAA) to support one basic underlying principle: fairness. The bills help ensure that others are treated fairly—as we all would like to be treated. These bills do not violate religious freedom, but instead protect free-dom of conscience of and ensure equal treat-ment for all students and employees. 
We urge you to oppose H. J. Res. 43, which 
seeks to overturn the RHNDAA. The RHNDAA strengthens the District’s existing nondiscrimination protections so that em-ployees in D.C. and their dependents do not face employment discrimination because of their personal reproductive health care deci-sions. 
The RHNDAA would ensure that employ-
ees and their families can make their own private health decisions, based on their own consciences and in consultation with their own physicians, without fear of losing their job. Business owners are absolutely entitled to their personal religious beliefs—but they cannot use their beliefs to justify discrimi-nation against their employees. 
Similarly, we urge you to oppose H. J. Res. 
44, which would repeal the HRAA. The HRAA ensures that all educational institutions in D.C. provide access to school facilities and services for all student clubs equally. Con-trary to opponents’ claims, the HRAA does not require religiously affiliated schools to provide LGBT student groups with funding or official recognition. The HRAA simply up-holds students’ freedom of conscience by re-pealing a congressionally imposed exemption to D.C. law that allows religiously affiliated educational institutions to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation. 
Despite opponents’ claims, neither bill vio-
lates the religious freedom protections found in the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment or the Religious Freedom Res-toration Act (RFRA). The two bills are neu-tral and generally applicable because they have the effect of applying nondiscrimina-tion protections to all employers and all edu-cational institutions in the District; neither single out a faith group or religious practice. Moreover, neither bill requires a religious organization to endorse any action that con-flicts with its religious teachings. Finally, each bill furthers the government’s compel-ling interest in eradicating discrimination in the District. 
Religious freedom is a fundamental Amer-
ican value. It guarantees us the freedom to hold any belief we choose without govern-ment interference. It cannot, however, be used to trump others’ civil rights, and it should not justify striking down laws that ensure people are treated fairly. We should strive to expand civil rights protections, not curtail them. 
We urge you to oppose any attempts to 
curtail civil rights in the District of Colum-bia, including H. J. Res. 43 and H. J. Res. 44. 
Sincerely, 
Americans United for Separation of 
Church and State, Anti-Defamation League, Catholics for Choice, Center for Inquiry, Disciples for Choice, Disci-
ples Justice Action Network, Equal Justice Task Force of African Amer-ican Ministers In Action, Equal Part-ners in Faith, Hindu American Founda-tion, Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc., Interfaith Alliance, Meth-odist Federation for Social Action, Metropolitan Community Churches, National Council of Jewish Women, People For the American Way, Reli-gious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, Secular Coalition for America, Sikh American Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund (SALDEF), Union for Re-form Judaism, United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries, United Methodist Church, General Board of Church and Society, Unitarian Univer-salist Association. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Washington (Ms. D ELBENE), a 
member of the committee. 
Ms. D ELBENE. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to this extreme and misguided resolution. 
I am deeply troubled that this Cham-
ber continues to waste its time attack-
ing women’s health rather than crafting solutions for the American people. Instead of addressing the real challenges facing our Nation, this reso-lution is yet another attempt by House leaders to inject ideology into women’s personal medical decisions. A woman’s healthcare choices should be made be-tween her and her doctor, not by her boss. 
By overturning D.C.’s new anti-
discrimination protections, this resolu-tion would give employers the right to fire workers based on the decisions they make about their birth control. This is simply unacceptable. All Amer-icans should be free to make medical decisions without the fear of being fired or demoted. 
Now is the time for House leaders to 
stop undermining women’s reproduc-tive rights and focus on the actual needs of working families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, let 
me repeat the opinion of former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray and his attorney general. They believe that this law we are considering tonight is legally prob-lematic and raises serious concerns under the Constitution. 
Madam Speaker, many organizations 
in the District have asked Congress for help, including Cardinal Wuerl of the Catholic Diocese. I include for the R
ECORD the April 17, 2015, letter to the 
editor of The Washington Post from Cardinal Wuerl and President Garvey from Catholic University. 
[From the Washington Post, April 17, 2015] 
DISAGREEMENT ISNOTDISCRIMINATION  
(By Donald Wuerl and John Garvey) 
Cardinal Donald Wuerl is the archbishop of 
Washington. John Garvey is the president of Catholic University of America. 
Last month, Pope Francis announced that 
the Catholic Church would celebrate a Holy Year of Divine Mercy. God’s mercy has been a theme of his pontificate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.082 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2738 April 30, 2015 
We all need God’s forgiveness. The pope 
has said, ‘‘I am a sinner.’’ The Catholic Church’s response to our human frailty is not condemnation but mercy. There may be no institution that understands this better. 
Recent laws enacted by the D.C. Council 
would have us believe otherwise. The Repro-ductive Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act and the Human Rights Amendment Act purport to address ‘‘discrimination’’ by institutions such as ours, the Archdiocese of Washington and the Catholic University of America. The putative victims of this dis-crimination are people who part ways with church teaching about unborn life and sexual autonomy. 
Consider the reproductive health law, 
which the council says is designed to prevent discrimination against employees who have abortions, have sex outside marriage or seek sterilization or other means to prevent preg-nancy. Given the effort expended and ink spilled on this purported civil rights meas-ure, you would think the church was hunting out sexual offenders and fining or firing them. But the church understands that we are all sinners, all equally deserving of pun-ishment (if it comes to that) and all equally in need of God’s mercy. We are not in the business of privileging some sinners over others. 
The church’s message, though, is one of 
mercy, not moral indifferentism. That is why we object to these two laws. They ask for much more than mercy and under-standing. Consider again the reproductive health law. It forbids an employer to ‘‘dis-criminate against an individual’’ on the basis of her ‘‘reproductive health decision making.’’ Suppose your job is pro-life edu-cation in the archdiocese’s Department of Life Issues. We can imagine a woman who had an abortion working effectively in that office. (Dorothy Day, founder of the Catholic Worker movement and a great witness to life, had an abortion when she was 21.) But suppose you continue to believe that abor-
tion was the right choice for you to make and honesty compels you to share that opin-ion with other women in your cir-cumstances. A law forbidding discrimination on the basis of ‘‘reproductive health decision making’’ would seem to prevent the church from challenging or dismissing such an em-ployee, even though she is working at odds with the mission of the office that hired her. 
We have similar concerns about the Human 
Rights Amendment law. It says that reli-gious institutions are guilty of discrimina-tion against gay and lesbian student groups if, in the words of the committee report, they deny them the same ‘‘rights and facili-ties as other officially recognized student groups.’’ The Catholic Church’s views about sexual autonomy, like its views about repro-ductive health, are more traditional than those held by the D.C. Council. But it seems peculiar to say that the church discrimi-nates, in some morally objectionable way, by declining to give official support to groups that hold views opposed to its own. 
Mercy is not the same as moral relativism. 
Disagreement is not the same as discrimina-tion. The law goes too far when it demands that the church abandon its beliefs in the pursuit of an entirely novel state of equality. 
The D.C. Council has failed to appreciate 
this point. Reluctantly, we turned to Con-gress for a resolution of disapproval. This procedure is in keeping with the American tradition of political appeal against political decisions. If that course of action fails, we have no doubt we will eventually prevail in court. The respect for religious freedom that we ask for is enshrined in the Constitution. But we hope that our elected officials can also see that it’s a matter of common sense. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, our 
history has a long history of tolerance toward religious institutions. Indeed, 
one of the words inscribed on the ros-trum here in the center of it is ‘‘toler-ance.’’ We need to approve this resolu-tion to be tolerant of our religious in-stitutions. I urge my colleagues to sup-port H.J. Res. 43. 
Ms. NORTON. May I inquire how 
much time I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 5 minutes remaining. The gen-tlewoman from Tennessee has 5
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Ms. NORTON. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), my good friend. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
let me thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for her out-standing service and leadership on be-half of the District of Columbia and the people of the District of Columbia. As well, let me acknowledge the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for his kind words of deliberation, and certainly the rank-ing member for his leadership, Mr. C
UMMINGS , who, as we all know, is ad-
dressing some of the very heavy con-cerns in his own city. 
Let me give all the facts, Madam 
Speaker. I happen to believe in state-hood for the District of Columbia. I think that is important to state on the record. But I realize that the Constitu-tion has a framework for the Congress to address the issues of the laws here in the District of Columbia. I realize, as well, that home rule has been given under that authority, and this Con-gress, in the right thinking, has al-lowed basically for the District of Co-lumbia to rule its city on the basis of good governance of the citizens of this particular community. That is the right thing to do. They are taxpaying Americans. 
So I am disturbed by H.J. Res. 43 be-
cause it seeks to cause confusion where there is no need for confusion. Let me first start by saying that the Ninth Amendment gives a right to privacy to all Americans, and Washingtonians are Americans. The right to privacy has in-dicated, through the Supreme Court, that Roe v. Wade, the right to choose, is the law. 
Yes, the First Amendment gives the 
freedom of religion, but our gentle-woman from the District of Columbia has indicated that the District of Co-lumbia clarified that this law does not violate and will not force someone to go against their political views or their religious views. 
Why are we here tonight when this 
resolution that the District of Colum-bia passed simply prohibits employers from discriminating against employees based on their reproductive health de-cisions, protects the reproductive health decisions of the spouses and de-pendents, and prohibits an employer from firing an employee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. I yield an additional 15 
seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tlelady. 
So, in essence, Madam Speaker, this 
resolution is not in order. 
If I might make another analogy, 
what is not given to the Federal Gov-ernment is left to the States in the Tenth Amendment. I know that D.C. is not a State, but what I would say is that this law has been clarified in the District of Columbia. We are intruding. The rights are protected under the Ninth Amendment, and this resolution is out of order. I ask my colleagues to vote against it. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition 
of H.J. Res. 43 disapproving the District of Co-lumbia government’s approval of the Repro-ductive Health Non-Discrimination Act also known as RHNDA. 
As I have before, I maintain that the right of 
a woman to privacy must remain sacrosanct because the well being and protection of women is the nucleus of a healthy America and a healthy world. 
Indeed, in most parts of our country, the 
woman is the constant that keeps all the vari-ables of family together, organized and on track. 
Thus, for three key reasons I oppose H.J. 
Res. 43. 
First, it is in derogation of DC’s local auton-
omy, an autonomy that we enjoy in our re-spective states, pursuant to the Tenth Amend-ment of the U.S. Constitution. 
In relevant part, the Tenth Amendment 
states that powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-spectively, or to the people. 
I find it ironic, as duly elected officials that 
some of us seek to trample upon the rights that we enjoy vis a vis the separation of the federal and state powers, as delineated in our Constitution. 
To add insult to injury, some of us are even 
able to look the congressional representative from Washington, DC in the eye, while we take adverse decisions that affect the liveli-hood of her constituents. 
Second, the District of Columbia govern-
ment’s action does good without infringing on the First Amendment and religious freedoms of American citizens. 
Third, this recent iteration of the war on the 
rights of women underscores our misplaced priorities where we have numerous pressing issues. 
Among others, we continue to have unem-
ployment, national security concerns with the continued proliferation of terrorist organiza-tions across the globe. 
We continue to grapple with how we need 
to work in a bipartisan manner on the issues of education, healthcare and infrastructure building to protect children, our elderly, vet-erans and other groups. 
Our focus ought to be on bettering the qual-
ity of life for everyday American people. 
Let us zoom in on one of what should be 
our major priority areas: jobs. 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that 
over 8 million Americans are unemployed. 
Specifically, among the major worker groups 
affected by the current unemployment rates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.072 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2739 April 30, 2015 
are adult men who account for 5.1 percent, 
adult women who account for 4.9 percent and teenagers who account for 17.5 percent. 
Whites make up 4.7 percent, African Ameri-
cans 10.1 percent, Asians 3.2 percent and Hispanics make up 6.8 percent. 
Should we really be focusing our attention 
on a measure that blocks the District of Co-lumbia’s effort to make laws that protects the privacy rights of women and their spouses when we have more pressing priorities? 
But back to H.J. Res. 43. What does this legislation do to undermine 
DC’s autonomy, attack women’s rights and waste precious tax payer resources? 
H.J. Res. 43 seeks to undermine an under-
lying Bill: the Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Act considered, voted upon by the duly elected officials of the District of Colum-bia and signed into law by Mayor Muriel Bow-ser of Washington, DC in January of this year. 
The underlying bill signed into law in Wash-
ington, DC would do the following: 
Prohibit employers from discriminating 
against employees based on their reproductive health decisions. 
Protect the reproductive health decisions of 
spouses and dependents. 
Prohibit an employer from firing an em-
ployee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control. 
Contrary to assertions by my colleagues 
across the aisle, let us look at what RHNDA does not do: 
First, it does not impose any new require-
ments on employers to provide health insur-ance coverage; 
In fact, the D.C. Council considered this 
issue and clarified that RHNDA’s protections do not reach insurance coverage by passing a temporary clarification; 
Second, the RHNDA does not infringe on 
First Amendment rights; 
Indeed, the RHNDA does not impact an or-
ganization or church’s ability to make hiring decisions based on religious or political views. 
Opponents may claim that the bill might re-
quire churches or religious organizations to hire pro-choice candidates. 
This can hold no water because it is simply 
not within the scope of RHNDA. 
The RHNDA strikes the balance of pro-
tecting personal decisions a woman makes re-garding her reproductive health while not over-reaching related to personal religious beliefs as it relates to a woman’s reproductive health. 
In my view, H.J. Res. 43 is another jab at 
the voice of women, their rights to self-deter-mination and reproductive freedoms articu-lated in our nation’s highest court’s ruling in Griswold v. Connecticut and Roe v. Wade. 
My friends, this week, 100 years ago, over 
1000 women activists congregated at the Hague to ask for peace, protesting World War I and asserted their right to self-determination. 
Dr. Aletta Jacobs, Jane Addams and soci-
ologist Emily G. Balch were some of the champions of women’s rights a century ago at the Hague. 
Similar to their counterparts a century ago, 
today, in our era, we are blessed with women who are champions of a woman’s right to self- determination and privacy. 
Wendy Davis, Sandra Fluke and Lilly 
Ledbetter, just to name a few. 
Notwithstanding the sacrifices made by all 
these women of courage, women and girls continue to be at the mercy of people who fail to try to show empathy towards their mothers, 
their sisters, their daughters, and loved ones. 
Take for example the case of Emily Herx, a 
married woman who was terminated for using in vitro to become pregnant. 
With her husband by her side, fortunately 
she was awarded a $1.9 million judgment against her employer. 
Then there’s the case of Jennifer Maudlin, a 
single unmarried mother working to support her children, who worked for an employer hos-tile towards unmarried women who became pregnant. 
Maudlin was terminated as well, but was 
able to enter a settlement with her employer after she fought her illegal termination. 
Then there is the case of Apryl Kellam, who 
was threatened with termination for being a single mother. 
And the stories go on and on. Clearly, as these real life stories reflect, H.J. 
Res. 43 affects all: significant others, spouses and daughters. 
If passed, Republicans seek to empower 
employers to fire a woman because she has an abortion after experiencing the violent act of rape. 
That is immoral. Republicans seek to empower employers to 
demote a woman or pay her less if she choos-es to take birth control pills. 
That is unfair. Indeed, Republicans seek to empower em-
ployers to fire a male worker because he uses condoms and because his wife uses birth con-trol pills. 
That makes no sense. Republicans seek to empower employers to 
terminate a male employee because his teen-age daughter becomes pregnant out of wed-lock. 
That is irrational. In other words, Madam Speaker, H.J. Res. 
43 is immoral, unfair and irrational. 
It is also in derogation of women’s privacy 
rights, violative of family rights and economic empowerment-issues affecting the livelihood of millions of families across our nation. 
Thus, I stand in solidarity with my col-
leagues in opposing this Bill. 
I also stand in solidarity with the Administra-
tion which has urged Congress in this State-ment of Administration Policy to adopt the President’s FY 2016 Budget proposal allowing the District to enact local laws and spend local funds in the same way as other cities and States. 
For these reasons, I strongly oppose H.J. 
Res. 43. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ), who is a sub-
committee chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and a cosponsor of the bill. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today and want to reach out to my colleague, the Delegate from D.C. to, one, say that I appreciate the tone and tenor of this debate. I have great re-spect for her and, actually, during this debate have grown to admire her even more. 
I would like to point out, however, 
that much of what has been talked about tonight about there being clarity is simply not the case, Madam Speak-er. b2230 
We do know that, if we just broaden 
the ministerial exception, where we can look for items of conscience and make sure that those fundamental rights are protected, Madam Speaker, that this particular legislation would indeed do exactly what the Delegate from D.C. has said that it would do. 
I stand here tonight to offer, again, 
my willingness to work with not only the Delegate from D.C., but the Mayor and the city council, to hopefully pro-vide that clarifying language. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
May I say how much I appreciate 
that the chairman of the sub-committee, Mr. M
EADOWS , made every 
effort to try to find some accommoda-tion with the District of Columbia. I certainly appreciated that so much. 
We were, unfortunately, unable to do 
so because the exemption he sought would have swallowed the equal em-ployment laws. There would have been nothing left to them, but he tried very hard, and I appreciate the spirit in which he has acted as our sub-committee chair. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), 
my good friend. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 43. 
This resolution would express Con-
gress’ disapproval of the District of Co-lumbia’s legislation that would protect employees from discrimination based on their reproductive health decisions. 
Just last month, the States of Indi-
ana and Arkansas attempted to pass so-called ‘‘religious freedom’’ bills that are really an attempt to permit dis-crimination. 
Tonight, we are debating a resolution 
that would allow employers to fire or refuse to hire workers because of their private reproductive medical decisions, notwithstanding the protection pro-vided to the employees by the District of Columbia. 
Madam Speaker, in 1993, when Con-
gress passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, better known as RFRA, it did so with the intent to ex-pand protections for religious exercise; but since then, we have seen attempts by Congress and some States to use so- called ‘‘religious liberty’’ or ‘‘religious freedom’’ measures to undermine oth-erwise valid protections against dis-crimination provided in the Civil Rights Act. 
This resolution would allow claims of 
a ‘‘sincerely held religious belief’’ to justify otherwise illegal discrimina-tion. The reasoning in this resolution would also undermine all civil rights laws because anyone could claim a sin-cerely held religious belief to justify discrimination based on anything— race, religion, or any other protected class. 
The District of Columbia got it right. 
This law protects Washington, D.C., 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.076 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2740 April 30, 2015 
citizens from invidious discrimination 
based on reproductive health decisions. We should not overrule this legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
H.J. Res. 43. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, may I 
ask how much time I have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Tennessee has 4
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has three- quarters of a minute remaining. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, at this 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, which will stop the so-called Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act. 
This bill, passed by the D.C. City 
Council, discriminates against reli-gious and pro-life advocacy groups in the District of Columbia. 
The D.C. government forces employ-
ers to provide abortion coverage for their employees. This law represents a flagrant disregard for the conscience rights of all D.C. employers. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my fellow 
Members of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important resolution of dis-approval. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, at this 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.J. Res. 43, to disapprove the action of the D.C. Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Amendment Act of 2014, which I believe clearly violates the constitu-tional freedoms of the citizens of the District of Columbia. 
This is not just about the citizens of 
one city. It is about protecting the freedoms and liberties enshrined in our Constitution for all Americans. This is about making sure the government does not force employers with deeply held religious beliefs and values to act against their conscience. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.J. Res. 43. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, at this 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. I thank Mrs. B LACK  
for her leadership. 
‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ 
Madam Speaker, will we dare vote to-
night to uphold the free exercise of re-ligion? Will we dare vote tonight to en-sure that no church or religious insti-tution in the District of Columbia is forced to violate their beliefs and con-victions? Yes, we have a solemn obligation to 
support our constitutional commit-ment to religious liberty, so I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.J. Res. 43, the disapproval resolution to block the D.C. Council’s disregard of fundamental constitutional rights. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, at this 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. F
LEMING ). 
Mr. FLEMING. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Madam Speaker, the question to-
night is clearly the evisceration of the U.S. Constitution by the District of Co-lumbia. 
Don’t take my word for it. Even the 
former Mayor of D.C., who agrees ideo-logically with the D.C. Council, warned his colleagues that the D.C. bill was ‘‘legally insufficient,’’ ‘‘legally prob-lematic,’’ and ‘‘raises concerns under the Constitution and under the Reli-gious Freedom Restoration Act.’’ 
RHNDA discriminates against mis-
sion-driven organizations located in the Nation’s Capital, impinging on the freedom of association and religion for advocacy groups, particularly religious and pro-life affiliates, our neighbors right here in the District of Columbia. 
I ask we vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I have 
no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. This resolution rep-
resents tyranny on two levels: the tyr-anny the Framers most feared, by the Federal Government interfering with local government; and the tyranny Americans especially fear today, inter-ference with the most private decision they make, the decision concerning their reproductive health. 
Vote ‘‘no.’’ Stop this tyranny in the 
District of Columbia before it spreads throughout the United States. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the robust debates that 
we have had here today on this impor-tant issue. 
As I close, I would like to remind ev-
eryone, Madam Speaker, that this is legislation that has constitutional problems. We have said this over and over again since its inception, and the constitutional problems have been rec-ognized by both the Democrats and the Republicans. 
There has been a lot of conversation 
tonight about what this bill does and does not do. This resolution is about allowing religious and political organi-zations to hire employees who agree with their core mission as protected by the First Amendment. 
It is imperative that this body adopt 
this resolution of disapproval to ensure the protections granted to each and every American by the First Amend-
ment of our Constitution. 
As a matter of fact, folks tried to say 
what this resolution would do. It is a very simple resolution. It is a 1-page resolution. It has a few sentences to it, and I would like to just read those sen-tences. It is ‘‘disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014.’’ That is simply what it does. 
We have the constitutional authority 
to give an up-or-down vote. We are not amending. If this resolution of dis-approval is adopted by this body, it simply will put back into place what is already law in the District of Colum-bia. It will not be taking away any rights. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in strong opposition to this resolu-tion, which would disapprove of the D.C. Council’s passage of the Reproduc-tive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act. 
This resolution infringes on the re-
productive rights of American citizens. 
It allows employers to discriminate 
against employees based on their per-sonal health decisions. 
And it tramples on the rights of the 
people of the District of Columbia to govern themselves. 
In January, the Mayor of the District 
of Columbia signed the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act. 
This Act was passed by the District’s 
elected representatives on the D.C. Council. 
The Act prohibits employers from 
discriminating against employees based on their reproductive health de-cisions. 
It also protects the reproductive 
health decisions of their spouses and their dependents. 
By passing this resolution, congres-
sional Republicans are impinging on the rights of women in the District of Columbia to make their own reproduc-tive health decisions without fear that their bosses will punish them. 
This resolution would permit an em-
ployer to fire a woman because she has an abortion after being raped. 
It would allow an employer to de-
mote a woman—or pay her less—if she chooses to take birth control pills. 
This resolution would not affect only 
the rights of women. 
It would allow an employer to fire a 
male worker because he uses condoms, because his wife uses the pill, or be-cause his teenage daughter becomes pregnant out of wedlock. 
As I told my colleagues in the Over-
sight Committee when we marked up this resolution, this is the same Com-mittee that brought the world Sandra Fluke. 
She wanted to come before the House 
Oversight Committee to testify about contraceptives on February 16, 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.172 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2741 April 30, 2015 
But she was not allowed to speak. 
She was deemed ‘‘unqualified.’’ 
Today, this is exactly what House 
Republicans are doing to the people of the District of Columbia. 
They want a voice in their own gov-
ernance. They expressed their will. And their elected officials passed a law pro-tecting their rights. 
But now, House Republicans are try-
ing to silence the voters of the District of Columbia, just as they tried to si-lence Sandra Fluke. 
This approach will backfire, just as it 
did with Sandra Fluke. 
She gave a voice to millions of 
women across the country, and she was heard far and wide. 
The simple fact is that, regardless of 
what House Republicans do here today, this resolution has no chance of becom-ing law. 
We all know this is nothing more 
than a symbolic gesture. But it reveals very clearly what Republicans stand for. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to vote 
against this measure, 
Mr. FARR. Madam Speaker, it is simply 
shocking that in this day and age employees are still being discriminated against because of their reproductive health choices, such as whether or not to use birth control, undergo in vitro fertilization to get pregnant, or for having sex without being married. 
The Council of the District of Columbia re-
cently passed a law protecting D.C. women and families from such discrimination, making it clear that they cannot be penalized or retali-ated against because of the employee’s per-sonal reproductive health care choices. The District of Columbia Reproductive Health Non- Discrimination Amendment Act takes a stand and makes a statement that this sort of dis-crimination will not be tolerated in the District of Columbia. 
The House Majority wants to overturn the 
D.C. Council’s law. H.J. Res. 43 is not only a slap in the face of the women of D.C. but also to their families. It affects whether people can chose to wait to have children, have children at all, and when they can or cannot have sex. Frankly, it’s none of our business. Is there anything more private than someone’s child- bearing decisions? Than who to get intimate with? In a country that will spend $166 million on the movie 50 Shades of Grey, the Repub-lican Majority thinks imposing their own Puri-tanical ideology and theology on District resi-dents is acceptable? 
House Republicans constantly argue for lim-
iting the power of the federal government and to respect the rights of the state and local gov-ernments. However, once again, they feel it is necessary to usurp the decision that the D.C. government unanimously voted on for its own citizens. Do unto others but don’t do unto me. That is about as hypocritical as you can get. 
Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my col-
leagues to reject H.J. Res. 43 and to support D.C.’s local government and the women of D.C. to make their own reproductive choices. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Madam Speaker, I strongly 
oppose the Republican Majority’s unilateral, and rather extraordinary, effort to undermine democracy in the District of Columbia. 
A majority that claims to oppose big govern-
ment and fancies itself as the champion of State and local rights; astonishingly finds itself 
on the precipice of wielding the Federal Gov-ernment’s power to overturn the decision of a local government solely because it can. Not because it should; but because it can. 
Never mind that the Reproductive Health 
Non-Discrimination Amendment Act was ap-propriately considered, passed, and enacted by the duly elected representatives of the Dis-trict of Columbia. The majority has decided that democratic principles take a back seat to pleasing its anti-reproductive rights base. 
Make no mistake; this disgraceful vote rep-
resents a strike against the right to self-gov-ernance. It is an affront to D.C. home rule and a regrettable regression by the majority to a previous era, when Republicans of the 1990’s abused congressional power to advance intru-sive, anti-democratic legislation that meddled in the District’s local affairs. Indeed, this reso-lution is emblematic of efforts by certain seg-ments of the conservative movement that in-tended or not, would actually have the effect of enshrining bigotry into our laws in the name of fighting it. 
Let us have no illusions about what the ma-
jority seeks to do this evening. In making a mockery of the D.C. Home Rule Act, the ma-jority is seeking to repeal a local government statute that prohibits discrimination on the basis of reproductive health decisions and pro-tects its citizens against prejudice in the work-place. 
This law has absolutely nothing to do with 
health insurance coverage. As the Chairman of the D.C. Council stated in a letter to Con-gress, ‘‘The purpose and intent of this bill is to prevent an employer, through our Human Rights Act, from firing an employee for that 
employee’s personal decision regarding his or her reproductive health.’’ 
In closing, it is true that the United States 
Constitution grants the Congress exclusive ju-risdiction over the affairs of the District of Co-lumbia. Yet, just because we can does not mean we should. 
I implore my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle, who loudly proclaim to be the part of limited government, to recognize that Con-gress should always strive to treat the District of Columbia like any other State, and respect the rights of all Americans to exercise demo-cratic self-governance. 
I urge all my colleagues to strongly oppose 
this anti-democratic resolution. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to House Joint Resolution 43 to overturn the D.C. Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act. 
To be clear, this Resolution is not about 
protecting freedom of religion and beliefs. No, House Joint Resolution 43 is about allowing discrimination. 
Despite misleading rhetoric, this Resolution 
would allow an employer to discriminate against an employee based on the employee’s personal health care decisions—decisions which have nothing to do with the employer. 
Everyone should have the ability to make 
private health decisions including whether, when, and how to start a family, without fear of losing their jobs or facing retribution from employers. 
The D.C. Council understands this and, by 
passing the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimi-nation Amendment Act, seeks to ensure fair and necessary employment protections for the people of the District of Columbia. The Council deserves our respect when pro-
tecting the rights of their constituents . . . the people who elected them. The oversight of this body should not extend to overturning leg-islation passed by democratically-elected rep-resentatives of the people of D.C. 
The freedom of religion is a fundamental 
freedom established by our founding fathers that we should fiercely protect, but to suggest that it extends to employers imposing their be-liefs on the people that work for them, as this Resolution does, is just plain WRONG, par-ticularly when it comes to something as per-sonal as reproductive health. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 43, Disapproving the Action of the Dis-trict of Columbia Council in approving the Re-productive Health Non-Discrimination Amend-ment Act. While this resolution is certainly an abuse of Congress’ authority over the District of Columbia, it more importantly undermines the right of a woman to make personal, private healthcare decisions. 
The Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination 
Act of 2014 (RHNDA) was passed by the D.C. Council in order to protect employees and their families from discrimination. RHNDA en-sures that an employee cannot be terminated based on personal reproductive healthcare de-cisions. For instance, the use of birth control, the decision of when to start a family, or the use of in vitro fertilization are not grounds for termination in the District of Columbia. 
The RHNDA does not impose any new re-
quirements on employers to provide health in-surance coverage or to pay for any reproduc-tive or abortion services nor does it discrimi-nate against pro-life organizations. The RHNDA actually clarifies that every employee in D.C. is able to follow their own moral or reli-gious beliefs, including when and how to start a family, without fear of facing consequences at work. 
Religious liberty is of the utmost importance 
and the RHNDA respects religious and moral decision-making without impacting anyone out-side of the person making their own decisions. We must allow religious liberty to also mean allowing people to work in an environment that respects their dignity and private life and is free from discrimination. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against H.J. 
Res. 43 because it not only infringes upon the personal decision-making of an individual, it also blatantly disregards D.C.’s local laws. 
Mr. BABIN. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong 
support of H.J. Res. 43, a joint resolution of 
Congress, which is needed to protect the con-science rights of pro-life employers that oper-ate in the District of Columbia. Under DC’s home rule law, Congress has a time period in which to review DC-passed legislation. 
In January, DC Mayor Bowser signed the 
Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act (RHNNDA). This measure would, in part, ban employers from making personnel decisions based on an individual’s decisions relating to abortion and other repro-ductive health issues. 
RHNNDA would have the force of law and 
specifically discriminate against pro-life em-ployers by potentially forcing them to hire and retain individuals who advocate for policies that run counter to the employer’s mission. 
Pro-life organizations, including those who 
exist to advance pro-life policies, should not be forced by the DC government to hire indi-viduals who hold and advocate for positions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:34 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.066 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2742 April 30, 2015 
that run counter to the core values of that or-
ganization. Christian schools and pro-life orga-nizations should not be required to cover ‘‘re-productive health decisions’’ in their health care plans that are counter to their core pro- life convictions. 
This DC law amounts to coercion and 
should have no place in the nation’s capital, or any jurisdiction for that matter. This is a step too far and H.J. Res. 43 restores these funda-mental conscience rights. 
I rise in strong support of this legislation and 
urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the previous 
question is ordered on the joint resolu-tion. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the joint resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 192, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 194] 
YEAS—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—192 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott 
McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—11 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Poliquin Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
b2308 
Mr. BARLETTA changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. 
b2310 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Chair) in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) had been dis-
posed of, and the bill had been read through page 57, line 11. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now re-sume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment by Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. R UIZ of Cali-
fornia. 
Amendment by Mr. G RIFFITH of Vir-
ginia. 
Amendment by Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. B YRNE of Ala-
bama. 
Amendment by Mr. M CCLINTOCK of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. E LLISON of Min-
nesota. 
Amendment by Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. Q UIGLEY of Illi-
nois. 
Amendment by Mr. G ARAMENDI of 
California. 
Amendment by Mr. H UDSON of North 
Carolina. 
Amendment by Mr. S ANFORD of 
South Carolina. 
Amendment by Mr. B URGESS of 
Texas. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.085 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2743 April 30, 2015 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 126, noes 295, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 195] 
AYES—126 
Allen 
Amash Babin Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie 
Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Long Loudermilk Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
NOES—295 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lamborn Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining in this vote. 
b2314 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed 
by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 249, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 196] 
AYES—172 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Gibson Grayson Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Ribble 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoho 
NOES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.176 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2744 April 30, 2015 
DeSantis 
DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2317 
Mrs. DINGELL changed her vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 244, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 197] 
AYES—177 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Fleming Flores Forbes Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper 
Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zinke 
NOES—244 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield 
Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2320 
Mr. AMODEI changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL OF  
CALIFORNIA  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:34 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.087 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2745 April 30, 2015 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 248, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 198] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoho 
NOES—248 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2324 
Mr. PAYNE changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 139, noes 282, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 199] 
AYES—139 
Aderholt 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman 
Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOES—282 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:34 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.182 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2746 April 30, 2015 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan 
Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2327 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 110, noes 311, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 200] 
AYES—110 
Amash 
Babin Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan LaMalfa Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Palmer 
Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOES—311 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie 
Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack 
Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2330 
Mr. PITTENGER changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 246, not voting 10, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:34 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.090 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2747 April 30, 2015 
[Roll No. 201] 
AYES—175 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Burgess Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Grayson 
Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Woodall Yoho 
NOES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Himes Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader 
Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2332 
Mr. ASHFORD changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL OF  
CALIFORNIA  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 202, noes 219, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 202] 
AYES—202 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoho Zeldin 
NOES—219 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.092 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2748 April 30, 2015 
Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2335 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 164, noes 257, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 203] 
AYES—164 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer 
Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield 
Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Griffith 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yoho 
NOES—257 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Lofgren Long 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2339 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 149, noes 272, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 204] 
AYES—149 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) 
Bustos Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.093 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2749 April 30, 2015 
DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Kaptur Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Yoho 
NOES—272 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2342 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 143, noes 278, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 205] 
AYES—143 
Allen 
Amash Babin Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming 
Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper 
Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers Meadows 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Neugebauer Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
NOES—278 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.095 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2750 April 30, 2015 
Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky 
Walden Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2345 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 171, noes 250, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 206] 
AYES—171 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zinke 
NOES—250 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier 
Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gowdy Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck 
Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2347 
Mr. GUTHRIE changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 189, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 207] 
AYES—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.096 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2751 April 30, 2015 
Guinta 
Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
NOES—189 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Buck Cummings Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Lewis 
Smith (WA) Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Yarmuth Young (IN) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b2350 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BARTON  
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
In the Account ‘‘Office of the Assistant 
Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.’’ After the dollar amount, insert (increased by $30,000,000) (decreased by $30,000,000). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I had 
offered an amendment for the R
ECORD  
that was a very specific amendment, and I am going to read that: 
The Secretary shall accept from the Trin-
ity River Authority of Texas, if received by October 31, 2015, $30,191,026 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, in-cluding any accrued interest, for water sup-ply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas, previously known as Lakeview Lake, under contract No. DACW63–76–C–0106. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment was 
approved by the Corps of Engineers, ap-proved by the Trinity River Authority, and approved by the municipalities that are obligated to purchase water that is stored in this lake. However, only one of those municipalities is ac-tually taking the water, and because of a very high interest rate, it would never be feasible for the water to be taken by the three municipalities that are not taking it. Under this agree-ment, the Trinity River Authority would pay all principal and accrued in-terest but at an interest rate of a little over 2 percent. 
The Corps has accepted it. The mu-
nicipalities have accepted it. The State of Texas has accepted it. It has all been accepted. The committee of author-izing jurisdiction is supportive of it, which is the Transportation Com-mittee. In principle, on policy, the ap-
propriators of the subcommittee on both sides of the aisle are supportive. 
However, there is a point of order 
against the amendment as originally drafted. I respect that point of order. I respect the subcommittee chairman and the ranking member, and I respect the full committee chairman, so I have drafted the substitute amendment, which there is no point of order against. I am told that, if accepted, this will have an effect that, if the ap-propriators support it in principle, the Corps will accept it, and the munici-palities will accept it, and we will get this problem solved. 
I want to emphasize that the United 
States Government is going to get all of its money back with interest at the prevailing market rate of the little over 2 percent that exists today. This is not a giveaway. This is literally found money that goes back to the Corps of Engineers, and they, under the leadership of the subcommittee that Mr. S
IMPSON and Ms. K APTUR are re-
sponsible for, can designate that money however they think it is best to be obligated. 
I ask for the chairman of the sub-
committee to enter into a colloquy to see if he accepts this amendment in principle and is willing to work with me and Ms. J
OHNSON to implement it in 
the appropriate fashion at the appro-priate time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. BARTON. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand what the gentleman would like to do and how it would be helpful to his constituents. I would be happy to continue the discussion of this issue to see if there is anything that this sub-committee can do. I will not oppose this amendment, and I will try to help accomplish this goal that the gen-tleman is trying to achieve. It is amaz-ing to me that, when everybody agrees on something, how hard it can still be to get it done. 
Mr. BARTON. In reclaiming my time, 
we are trying to give money to the Federal Government that your sub-committee can use. It is a good amend-ment. I appreciate your support, Mr. Chairman. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b0000 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I seek time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentlewoman is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Let me thank my friend and col-league from my home State of Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ), who I share the lake 
with. 
This is a commonsense amendment. I 
want to thank all of those who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.098 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2752 April 30, 2015 
helped to arrive at this acceptable lan-
guage for this amendment. 
The language of the amendment has 
been scored by the Congressional Budg-et Office and has a zero score. More im-portantly, the amendment would pro-vide a revenue for the government. It would make good on unintended con-sequences that came as a result of a now antiquated metric of calculating costs for such projects. 
In the 1986 WRDA bill, Congress rec-
ognized this mistake in its formulas for rates and added a provision allowing for the recalculation of such project rates for ever 5 years, but it was not retroactive. 
This amendment will enable the 
Trinity River Authority to make a final payment to the Corps of Engi-neers, begin providing water supply and storage, and allow the Federal Government to finally begin collecting revenue on this investment. 
I will remind my colleagues these 
contracts are congressionally ap-proved, but this contract was agreed to 
on terms no longer favorable to the U.S. Government. 
The original formula has tripled the 
valuation of the project, and as it stands, the project will never be com-pleted, and we will never collect on the contract. There is no existing obliga-tion to pay for the completion of the project, so what we have now is a half- completed project and no path forward for the government to collect on its in-vestment. 
This is revenue for our government. 
It has a zero CBO score, and it is a commonsense amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment, and I thank all those who helped us to arrive at this point. 
Mr. BARTON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. Is it not true there lit-
erally is an escrow account in Texas with $30 million in it that they wish to send to the Federal Government? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. That is true. They are ready to pay it. 
Mr. BARTON. Is it not true that this 
is what we would call found money? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Yes, indeed; $30 million is a lot of money for the government these days. 
Mr. BARTON. Is it also not true that, 
if Mr. S
IMPSON and Ms. K APTUR and 
their subcommittee and the full com-mittee accepts this and works in good faith to actually implement it, that the subcommittee and the full com-mittee can use these unobligated funds in whatever fashion they see best for programs within the jurisdiction of the Corps of Engineers? 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. That is true. 
Mr. BARTON. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
Ms. PINGREE. I thank the ranking 
member for yielding, and thank you to our ranking member and the chair for the good work that they have done on this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to add my voice 
to those in support of water power and the Bonamici-Perry-Pingree amend-ment. 
This amendment provides a modest 
increase in funding for the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program, but that modest increase will make a big difference in developing new sources of clean energy, tidal power, and hydro-power from all across the country. 
I have seen this program work first-
hand in the State of Maine. Ocean Re-newable Power Company has taken ad-vantage of this program and leveraged these modest investments into a com-pany that has created or retained over a hundred jobs in every part of our State and directly pumped over $25 million into our economy. 
Tidal and river power projects create 
jobs in areas where they are needed most, in Eastport, Maine, for example, or in rural villages in Alaska. These projects lower energy prices and create jobs. For some remote communities, creating these new forms of clean en-ergy is a matter of survival. 
These projects are examples of Amer-
ican technology and know-how at work. By creating homegrown solu-tions to our energy needs, we are in-vesting in our communities and devel-oping technology that the rest of the world wants to buy from us. Most im-portantly of all, this allows us to keep the money we spend on energy right here in America. 
This Department of Energy program 
supports private sector research and development and implementation of water power technology that creates these jobs and these new sources of clean energy. This modest increase in funding will translate directly into jobs and an increase in the supply of clean renewable energy across the country. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I want to thank Con-
gresswoman P
INGREE of Maine for her 
efforts here this evening and for her dedication to renewable energy, includ-ing in the tidal arena. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, carry out, modify, revise, or en-force Executive Order 13690 (entitled ‘‘Estab-lishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Solic-iting and Considering Stakeholder Input’’). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 233, the gentleman from Lou-isiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, we 
are here today because, with the stroke of a pen, President Obama has threat-ened decades of work by Americans and local governments to combat flooding. 
Executive Order No. 13690 establishes 
a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard that greatly expands the area defined as flood plain and imposes un-reasonable standards on any Federal activities in that expanded flood plain. 
The administration crafted this pol-
icy in secret, without input on its mer-its from local officials or stakeholders, those stakeholders that will have to live with this policy. 
The Office of Management and Budg-
et predicts that this standard will sig-nificantly increase the cost of living and doing business in all areas that are at any risk of flooding. 
This is just another case of the Presi-
dent imposing his climate change poli-tics on hard-working Americans. This 
new standard will have a real dev-astating impact on communities throughout the country. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment that will prohibit funding for this woefully shortsighted execu-tive order. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Louisiana, Dr. B
OUSTANY , my 
good friend. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, the 
administration continues to rule using executive orders and a top-down ap-proach without taking stakeholder voices into account. That is arbitrary, and it is just wrong. 
This Federal Flood Risk Management 
Standard is a case in point established by executive order. The President so-licited no public input on its merits be-fore charging full speed ahead. This is horrible for Louisiana. It will be dev-astating for our coastal communities, inhibiting their ability to grow and de-velop. 
This order affects critical programs 
like disaster preparedness assistance and Federal highway and housing aid; yet no cost-benefit analysis was ever undertaken. This is just not the way things are supposed to work around here. 
I encourage all my colleagues who 
are concerned not only with the con-tent of this, but the fly-by-night proc-ess by which this revision was pro-posed, to support our amendment and send a message to the administration that this will not stand. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.204 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2753 April 30, 2015 
SCALISE ), our great friend and majority 
whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. I want to thank my 
colleague, Mr. A BRAHAM , for his leader-
ship on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, if you look at this 
proposal, the way it came about, there was not the right kind of planning and the right kind of feedback, the right kind of working with people who have been working hard on flood protection 
structures. 
Mr. Chairman, this proposal by the 
President, if it were implemented, would actually make it harder to build flood protection projects. Why would the President want to bring forward a proposal that is going to make it hard-er for people to protect their homes from flooding? 
This isn’t just a south Louisiana 
problem; this impacts the entire Na-tion. There are people all around the country that would not only be threat-ened by the inability to build stronger flood protection, but this would also lead to dramatic increases in insurance rates on homeowners. 
This proposal by the President is not 
only a solution in search of a problem; this is going to be a dangerous proposal that will have dramatically dev-astating impacts on families all across this Nation. 
This is a proposal that needs to be re-
versed. I support it. 
b0010 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank Congress-man A
BRAHAM for bringing this amend-
ment up. 
I strongly support resiliency efforts, 
making our communities more resil-ient and our ecosystem more resilient. In this case, we are taking a standard that is universally considered to be a 100-year standard and bumping it, in many cases, to a 500-year standard. 
In the State of Louisiana, FEMA has 
gone through and tried to establish maps to determine a 100-year standard. We found areas where they are 6 feet off where they should be, yet we are going to try and go to a 500-year stand-ard. I remind you, our Nation hasn’t even been around that long. 
Most concerning, Mr. Chairman, is 
when you combine this proposed execu-tive order with the Waters of the U.S. proposal that clearly states that flood plains are within the jurisdiction of the Federal Government, you suddenly grossly expand the Federal Govern-ment’s jurisdiction over private prop-erty and prevent or obstruct or in-crease the cost of development on that private property. 
Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I just want to 
state that in December of last year, Congress raised strong concern about this, about the huge implications of this and, therefore, they put a provi-sion in law that required that input from stakeholders occur before this ex-ecutive order be put forth, and that was ignored. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I rise in opposition the 
gentleman’s amendment. 
It doesn’t take a mental giant to see 
that floods are among the most costly and frequent of all nature’s hazards. 
Between 1980 and 2013, the United 
States suffered more than $260 billion worth of flood-related damages. Flood-ing accounts for approximately 85 per-cent of all disaster declarations in the country. And on average, more people die annually from flooding than any other natural disaster. I can tell you that even in the Midwest, which isn’t one of the coastal communities, we have more significant storms of late and more rainfall and more flooding to deal with. 
The costs borne by the Federal tax-
payer by flooding exceed any other nat-ural hazard. Losses caused by flooding impact our economic prosperity, public health and safety, and our national se-curity by straining disaster response resources and increasing the frequency and cost of disaster relief. 
When you look at the cost of what 
FEMA has to spend to try to clean up everything from basements to neigh-borhoods, oh, my goodness. The mil-lions and millions of dollars that go out, the billions of dollars that go out the door because of these disasters around the country related to flooding is huge. 
Flooding risks are anticipated to in-
crease over time due to the continued occupation of flood-prone areas, the impacts of climate change, and other threats. That damage can be particu-larly severe to our Nation’s infrastruc-ture, including our buildings, roads, ports, industrial facilities, and even our coastal military installations. 
I actually have traveled to Lou-
isiana, and my heart goes out to the people of New Orleans and all of the surrounding areas for what they suf-fered. But I can tell you, I was shocked to see that there were decisions made for land planning to absolutely rebuild where all the damage had occurred. I even made suggestions in the Ninth Ward inside New Orleans. I said: Why don’t you leave that open for agri-culture, so that when you get another big threat from the ocean, you won’t harm as many people? It was as though no one wanted to listen. 
Well, God bless everyone, because na-
ture we can’t control. She does what she wants. 
Federal agencies will be given the 
flexibility to select the best approach for establishing the flood elevation and hazard area they use in siting, design, and construction: utilizing the best available actionable data and methods that integrate current and future changes in flooding based on science and experience; 2 or 3 feet of elevation, depending on the criticality of the building itself, above the 100-year, or 1 
percent, annual chance flood elevation; or a 500-year, or 0.2 percent, annual chance flood elevation. 
The new flood standard will help re-
duce the risk and costs and, frankly, loss of life of future flood disasters by providing a margin of safety so that federally funded structures, facilities, and infrastructure last as long as in-tended. 
Why should we ask people who are 
living responsibly with the land and the forces of nature to pay for those who want to live irresponsibly with those same forces? 
It seems to me that one of the most 
cost-effective things we can do is to be sensible about our land planning for the future, so that we avoid the harm to human life and our built environ-ment. We are more intelligent, we hope, than we were a century ago. We have a lot more data. We have a lot more experience, and it should influ-ence our decisions from now into the future. 
I oppose the amendment and urge my 
colleagues to join me. Let’s be respon-sible in this new century and minimize the harm, both to human life as well as taxpayers’ pocketbooks. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, the 
good, hard-working people that live in these areas that would be affected now have not incurred floods in their life-times or in their generations of life-times before them, but this would im-pact some States up to 40 percent of their total landmass. 
This is unacceptable. Cost of flood in-
surance would go astronomically high in some cases. Federal overburden would again be an issue, and businesses could not function. Even existing busi-nesses would be put out of business. 
This administration has violated the 
congressional intent in the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act of 2015 by crafting the Federal Flood Risk Man-agement Standard without consulting the necessary officials and basing it on some climate issues that have no sci-entific basis at this point. 
This standard will affect both private 
and federally financed development in areas considered flood plain. This means certification and accreditation of new and improved levees, issuance of section 404 Clean Water Act permits, issuance of federally backed mort-gages, issuance of grants, construction of new transportation projects, and on and on would be affected. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.206 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2754 April 30, 2015 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank again the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking member for their courtesy and, as well, for the work that they have done on this legis-lation. 
This amendment was in this bill in 
the 113th in the FY 2013 Energy and Water Resources. It is a continuing ef-fort to ensure that we focus on the need for science, technology, engineer-ing, and math among minority popu-lations in the United States. 
The amendment prohibits the use of 
funds made available for science in title III of the Department of Energy programs to be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organiza-tion Act, and addresses the need to in-crease programs that educate minori-ties in science, technology, engineer-ing, and math. 
Some almost 20 years ago, on Feb-
ruary 11, 1994, President Clinton, in an executive order, directed Federal agen-cies to identify and address the dis-proportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and low- income populations. 
The Department of Energy seeks to 
provide equal access in these opportu-nities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. 
Mr. Chairman, women and minorities 
make up 70 percent of college students but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. 
As the Nation’s demographics are 
shifting, as more and more of our chil-dren come of age, it is important that we continue to focus on improving the numbers of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. It is good for the coun-try. 
I applaud Energy Secretary Moniz’ 
commitment, which will increase the Nation’s economic competitiveness and enable our people to realize their full potential. 
Mr. Chairman, there are still a great 
many scientific riddles to be solved, and the more people we have trained in the sciences, the more competitive our Nation will be; and the more we invest in underserved communities, the more competitive our Nation will be. 
The larger point is that we need more 
STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for them. So I ask my col-leagues to ensure that we continue this very important focus and emphasize the continued investment improving access to science, technology, engi-neering, and math to, in essence, solve, 
or help solve, the scientific riddles that continue to be before us to improve the quality of life of all Americans. 
b0020 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment, which invests in STEM in America for those who are underserved and whose lives could be enhanced by these programs. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to 
describe my amendment, which simply pro-vides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in con-travention of the Department of Energy Orga-nization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ 
This amendment was approved and adopt-
ed in identical form on June 5, 2012, during the 112th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 5325, the Energy and Water Resources Ap-propriations Act of 2013. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman Simp-
son and Ranking Member Kaptur for their stewardship in bringing this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and re-sources so that they can serve and be en-joyed by generations to come. 
Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 
11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on minority and low-income populations. 
The Department of Energy seeks to provide 
equal access in these opportunities for under-represented groups in STEM, including minori-ties, Native Americans, and women. 
Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 
70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree hold-ers. 
This large pool of untapped talent is a great 
potential source of STEM professionals. 
As the nation’s demographics are shifting 
and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. 
I applaud the Energy Secretary Moniz’s 
commitment which will increase the nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. 
Mr. Chair, there are still a great many sci-
entific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biolo-gist will come-up with some of the solutions. 
The larger point is that we need more 
STEM educators and more minorities to qual-ify for them. 
The energy and science education pro-
grams funded in part by this bill will help en-sure that members of underrepresented com-munities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustain-ability, preservation, and health. 
Through education about the importance of 
environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. 
Through community education efforts, 
teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. 
The Department of Energy places interns 
and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-
grams. 
The DOE also works to increase low income 
and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. 
With the continuation of this kind of funding, 
we can increase diversity, provide clean en-ergy options to our most underserved commu-nities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. 
But most importantly businesses will have 
more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. 
My amendment will help ensure that under-
represented communities are able to partici-pate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and support 
the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk, printed as No. 5 in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to apply the report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Ex-porting Liquefied Natural Gas from the United States’’, published in the Federal Register on June 4, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 32260), in any public interest determination under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment that will keep America’s energy economy grow-ing and keep good-paying jobs coming to gas-producing regions across the country, including western Pennsyl-vania. 
The natural gas boom is trans-
forming local economies across the country, and it is creating a new wave of opportunity for hard-working Amer-icans who want to earn a living and provide for their families. 
American ingenuity has empowered 
us to safely harness our tremendous energy resources, turning the United States into a breakout success story as the world’s top natural gas producer. Countries in Europe and Asia, many of which are our allies, are eager to tap this abundant supply of affordable American energy. They consider Amer-ica to be a much more attractive busi-ness partner and a safer alternative to their reliance on belligerent, energy- rich countries, like Russia. 
Given the abundance of domestic nat-
ural gas resources, especially in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:34 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.101 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2755 April 30, 2015 
Marcellus shale region, American en-
ergy companies are eager to accept more business and stand ready to fulfill the global demand. 
We must do everything we can to 
help energy producers succeed so they can continue to grow, hire more work-ers, and bring prosperity back to our American cities. 
Congress must work to lift barriers 
to energy exports and help domestic energy producers cut through the bu-reaucratic red tape that threatens to put a stranglehold on continued eco-nomic growth. 
My amendment seeks to eliminate 
unnecessary challenges to these in-creased energy exports on environ-mental grounds. Specifically, my pro-vision would prevent the Department of Energy from using its report enti-tled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Per-spective on Exporting Liquefied Nat-ural Gas’’ in any public interest deter-mination under the Natural Gas Act. 
There are legitimate concerns that 
this DOE report and many of its arbi-trary determinations may now be used to slow-walk or completely block much-needed liquefied natural gas ex-port approvals. Identical language was proposed and included in last year’s Energy and Water and Related Agen-cies appropriations bill by then-Rep-resentative B
ILLCASSIDY from Lou-
isiana. 
I thank Chairman S IMPSON for his 
hard work and support, and I urge all my colleagues who support an all-of- the-above approach to American en-ergy independence to vote ‘‘yea’’ on this amendment so we can keep our en-ergy sector booming. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, when a 
company wants to export liquefied nat-ural gas, LNG, it has to submit an ap-plication with the Department of En-ergy. For export to countries with a free trade agreement with the United States, the Department of Energy must grant the applications without modi-fication or delay. For export to coun-tries without a free trade agreement, the Department of Energy must ap-prove an export application unless it finds that the proposed export will not be consistent with the public interest. 
To make this determination, the De-
partment of Energy evaluates a range of factors when reviewing an applica-tion, including economic impacts, international considerations, U.S. en-ergy security, and environmental ef-fects. 
The Rothfus amendment prohibits 
the Department of Energy from even considering one of the most important factors; that is, the impact of LNG ex-ports on climate change. 
The world’s leading scientists are un-
equivocal: climate change is already happening on all continents and across the oceans and will get much worse if 
we do not act to cut our emissions of carbon and other greenhouse gas gases. That means that we need to scrutinize the energy infrastructure decisions that we make today for their impacts on climate change in the future. 
Every decision to build a new LNG 
export terminal has climate implica-tions. We need to understand and weigh those effects. 
Whether exporting LNG will have a 
positive or negative impact on global greenhouse gas emissions is a complex but critical question. Natural gas com-bustion for electricity emits less car-bon pollution than coal. And that is good. Proponents of LNG exports argue that these exports will displace coal consumption in other countries, which could produce a climate benefit. That is good. 
But LNG exports will raise natural 
gas prices in the United States, which could increase coal consumption and carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants. LNG exports also would drive new domestic natural gas production in the United States. 
Coming from Ohio, I can guarantee 
you, this would increase emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, un-less we take measures to control that pollution at the wellhead and through-out the natural gas system. It is a great problem to have but one we need to meet. 
In a carbon-constrained world, we 
need to understand and consider the climate impacts of key energy policy decisions, such as building new LNG export terminals and exporting Amer-ica’s natural gas. 
The Rothfus amendment takes a 
head-in-the-sand approach, I am sorry to say. The Department of Energy has completed a report examining lifecycle carbon emissions from LNG. This amendment says that the Department of Energy can’t consider those findings of climate impacts when making a pub-lic interest determination. Considering climate impacts is not going to slow down the review process. It makes no sense to require the Department of En-ergy to make a determination without the benefit of all the facts. 
Let’s make enlightened decisions. Ig-
noring climate change will not make it go away. Quite the opposite. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment. Let’s move to the future, not the past. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, it has 
been the practice of this administra-tion to stall, stall, stall, delay, delay, delay. We have had tremendous growth in our economy in western Pennsyl-vania and in Ohio, for that matter, given the natural gas boom that is going on. 
The price of gas is suppressed right 
now. We see drillers even slowing down, which is affecting jobs in the gas areas. Fewer wells are being drilled. 
And to take a report that the DOE 
has, with its arbitrary determinations, to, again, slow-walk approvals, which 
is what we have been seeing with the administration—meanwhile, allies in Eastern Europe are literally being held hostage to Russia—this natural gas will be used. Natural gas will be used by these countries in Eastern Europe. They are going to use Russia’s natural gas or they want to use American nat-ural gas. 
So, again, I would encourage adop-
tion of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds in this Act 
may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and indus-trial base. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Washington. 
Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer a simple and straight-forward amendment to this year’s En-ergy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations bill. 
Every year since 1991, Congress has 
included a provision in the Department of Defense Appropriations bill to re-quire that military agencies purchase anchor and mooring chain from Amer-ican manufacturers. 
b0030 
My amendment simply clarifies that 
this requirement also applies to anchor and mooring chain purchased by the Army Corps of Engineers. Everyone in this Chamber can agree that taxpayer dollars should be used to buy goods manufactured right here at home whenever possible. 
While our economy continues to re-
cover, it is imperative that we protect and support Americans’ production ca-pabilities. Doing so not only supports employment opportunities for Ameri-cans, but also reinforces our national security. 
Both Congress and the Pentagon 
have long recognized the importance of maintaining a strong industrial base 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.213 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2756 April 30, 2015 
right here in America. While I under-
stand that we must balance our pro-curement needs with shrinking budg-ets, we should not be putting foreign workers ahead of Americans. 
My amendment is a commonsense 
way to protect a critical production ca-pability, support our manufacturing in-dustry, and put American workers first. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the removal of any Federally owned or operated dam. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer an amendment that will help pre-vent future floods, as well as protect valuable water storage and hydropower systems throughout the country. 
Specifically, the Gosar-Newhouse 
amendment will prevent any funds in this bill from being used to remove any federally owned or operated dams. In recent years, extremist environmental groups have increased efforts to dis-mantle and remove Federal dams. These efforts defy common sense, par-ticularly at a time of major water chal-lenges across the West and with an in-creasing need for clean, renewable hy-dropower. 
The gentleman from Washington has 
seen these attempts firsthand, and I am grateful for Congressman N
EWHOUSE ’s leadership in coleading 
this amendment. 
Electricity generated from the Army 
Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Rec-lamation operated dams is utilized by millions of Americans every day and represents the largest source of renew-able energy in this country. 
These dams are multiuse facilities 
that provide navigation, hydropower, and important recreational benefits. Fringe efforts to remove these dams are not only misguided, but extremely dangerous. Many of these dams are es-sential components for flood controls, strategic water storage, and life-sus-taining irrigation for millions of acres of American agriculture. 
Tens of millions of Americans rely on 
these dams to supply their drinking water and to support their livelihoods. The vital water, energy, economic, and ecological benefits provided by these federally owned and operated dams must be protected. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the Corps of Engineers in-frastructure and to support this amendment. The Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation have both indicated they have no plans to remove any dams in fiscal year 2016, and both agencies don’t have any issues with this amendment. 
Both committees of jurisdiction have 
also signed off on and support the amendment. Any emergency removals will be made by a different authoriza-tion or appropriation. 
With one of the worst droughts in 100 
years currently transpiring in the West, there is no logical reason to op-pose the commonsense Gosar-Newhouse amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ), my friend. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank the good gen-tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support 
of the Gosar-Newhouse amendment which would prohibit any funds in this act from being used for purposes of re-moving Federal dams, which are a vital component of the water infrastructure in the West. 
I would like to thank my good friend 
and colleague Congressman G
OSAR for 
his hard work on this issue which is so important, given the devastating drought conditions facing most of the Western United States. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor for March 31, 2015, all or significant portions of 11 Western States, including the State of Washington, are suffering from severe to exceptional drought. 
Given the current drought conditions 
facing my State and many other States in the West, now is not the time to consider removing Federal dams. These dams provide important hydropower in my State and also have conservation, recreation, and navigation benefits. 
Additionally, Mr. Chairman, these 
dams play a pivotal role in water stor-age, irrigation, and flood control. They also help ensure many rural and agri-cultural communities in the West have access to clean water supplies, pro-viding critically important irrigation for countless agricultural operations and millions of acres of farmland. 
We have fought these dam wars for 
decades; and, with the West facing a possible 100-year drought, now is not the time to destroy and remove these assets which benefit all of us. Remov-ing this vital infrastructure would have a devastating impact on commu-nities, farms, and businesses through-out the West. 
This commonsense amendment will 
help ensure States like mine are not additionally burdened as we work to deal with impacts of mounting water shortages and drastic drought condi-tions. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to join me in supporting this amend-ment, and I would like to thank my good friend from Arizona for his hard work on this. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the 
gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
express the opinion, though I will not oppose the amendment, because there are no funds in the bill for dam re-moval, and I wanted to just clarify that for the R
ECORD , Mr. Chairman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
(A) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commis-sion of fraud or a criminal offense in connec-tion with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(B) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated above in subsection (A); or 
(C) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is identical to other amendments that were inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill that was considered under an open rule during the 113th Congress, as well as one yesterday. 
My amendment would expand the list 
of parties with whom the Federal Gov-ernment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of contractors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.216 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2757 April 30, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to save taxpayer money, help the Department of Energy avoid duplicative programs, and ensure the agency’s limited re-sources are focused on programs di-rectly related to its mission to ensure energy security for the United States. 
This simple amendment would pro-
hibit the use of funds to be used for the proposed Climate Model Development and Validation program within the De-partment of Energy. This exact same amendment passed this body by a voice vote last year, and this year, I am also proud again to offer this commonsense policy. 
The duplicative and wasteful nature 
of this new program has been recog-nized by several outside spending watchdog groups. This amendment pro-posal has been supported in the past by the Council for Citizens Against Gov-ernment Waste, The American Con-servative Union, Eagle Forum, and the Taxpayers Protection Alliance. 
Mr. Chairman, the House of Rep-
resentatives already declined to fund the proposed climate model program in fiscal years 2014 and 2015. In previous years, the committee has proactively included language in the committee re-port to prohibit funding for this new program. However, such language does not exist in this year’s report, making this amendment even more necessary. 
Mr. Chairman, I feel strongly that 
the House of Representatives must con-tinue its firm position that we should not be wasting precious taxpayer re-sources on new programs that compete with the private sector and are funded by private investment. 
If funded, this program would be yet 
another new addition to the Presi-dent’s ever-growing list of duplicative global programs that have been insti-tuted and funded all over the Federal Government in recent years. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Re-
search Service estimates this adminis-tration has already squandered $77 bil-lion from fiscal year 2008 through fiscal year 2013 studying and trying to de-
velop global climate change regula-tions. 
While research and modeling of the 
Earth’s climate and how and why Earth’s climate is changing can be of value, it is not central to the Depart-ment’s mission and is already being done by dozens of government, aca-demic, business, and nonprofit organi-zations across the globe. 
b0040 
Considering the extensive work that 
is being done to research, model, and forecast climate change trends by other areas in the government, in the private sector, and internationally, funding for this specific piece of Presi-dent Obama’s climate agenda is not only redundant, but is also inefficient. 
I thank the chairman, ranking mem-
ber, and committee for their work on this bill. This amendment is about ef-fective use of taxpayer money, and I ask my colleagues to support this com-monsense amendment that passed this same body just last year. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. The Gosar amendment 
blocks funding for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. This is cli-mate science denial at its worst. 
The world’s top scientific institu-
tions are telling us that we have a rap-idly closing window to reduce our car-bon pollution before the catastrophic impacts of climate change cannot be avoided. 
So far, the world already warmed by 
0.8 degrees Celsius, and we are already seeing the effects of climate change. Most scientists agree that 2 degrees Celsius is the maximum amount we can warm without really dangerous effects, although many scientists now believe that even 2 degrees is far too much, given the effects we are already seeing. But absent dramatic action, we are on track to warm 4 to 6 degrees Celsius by midcentury. That is more than 10 de-grees Fahrenheit. 
The International Energy Agency has 
concluded that if the world does not take action to reduce carbon pollution by 2017, just 3 years from now, then it will be virtually impossible to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius. 
How do we know all of this? There 
are multiple lines of evidence, includ-ing direct measurements. But sci-entists also use sophisticated computer models of how the atmosphere and oceans work and how they respond to different atmosphere concentrations of heat-trapping gases. For projections of future emissions and their impacts, sci-entists have made numerous advances by collaborating across academic fields, including climatology, chem-istry, biology, economics, energy dy-namics, agriculture, scenario building, and risk management. These projec-
tions are critical, as they provide guideposts to understand how quickly and how steeply the world needs to cut carbon pollution in order to avoid the worst effects of climate change. 
The goal of the Department of Ener-
gy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program is to further im-prove the reliability of climate models and equip policymakers and citizens with tools to predict the current and future effects of climate change, such as sea level rise, which we know is hap-pening, extreme weather events, and drought. 
Mr. G
OSAR ’s amendment scraps this 
program. It says no to enhancing the reliability of our climate models. It says no to improving our under-standing of how the climate is chang-ing. It says no to informing policy-makers about the consequences of un-mitigated climate change. That is ab-solutely irresponsible. 
The amazing thing is the base bill al-
ready zeroes out funding for this pro-gram. But apparently that wasn’t enough to satisfy the Republicans’ cli-mate denial. So Mr. G
OSAR has offered 
this amendment to just reiterate the point that the House Republicans re-ject the overwhelming scientific evi-dence about climate change. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
redundant amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I find it 
interesting that we have numerous uni-versities already doing this duplicative study, like the University of Michigan, like the University of Colorado Boul-der, like Harvard University, the Uni-versity of Arizona, the University of Chicago, the University of California— Berkeley—hardly squandering re-search. 
This is a duplicative problem and 
program, and that is exactly what we are doing. I want to find out exactly this climate model change that we have been seeing over and over with time, but it is best to be done by those universities and those who are already there. 
We have also got a dire emergency in 
regards to the finances that we find this country in. Duplicative services from the Department of Energy should be on their mission statement, and that is dependable energy for this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF TEXAS  
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.220 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2758 April 30, 2015 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) For an additional amount for 
‘‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Construction’’ for additional funding for ongoing work on au-thorized projects (except for Flood and Storm Damage Reduction, Navigation, and Environmental Infrastructure projects) there is appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available for such account is hereby re-duced by, $10,000,000. 
(b) None of the funds made available by 
this Act for ‘‘Corps of Engineers-Civil—Con-struction’’ in excess of $276,117,000 may be used for additional funding for ongoing work on Flood and Storm Damage Reduction projects. 
Mr. SIMPSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The CHAIR. A point of order is re-
served. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
the Army Corps of Engineers construc-tion general account permits the Corps to enter into agreements with local governments and municipalities to re-imburse these entities for certain funds. This allows cities across the country in both Republican and Demo-cratic districts to take on public works projects and leverage the fact that they will later be reimbursed by the Federal Government. 
The problem we face today is that 
millions, hundreds of millions of dol-lars are owed to localities across the country, and the account to pay them back this year is slated to have only $10 million in it. Last year, that amount was $25 million. It has gone down by $15 million. 
So for just a second, I want to give 
you an example of a wonderful public project in my hometown of San Anto-nio, Texas. The San Antonio River Au-thority, or SARA, recently undertook a sizable project along the San Antonio River, called the Mission Reach Eco-system Restoration project. It has been an effort to extend, both to the north and the south, the wonderful San Anto-nio River Walk in San Antonio, Texas, one of the crown jewels for tourism and culture in our city. Despite the fact that this project was completed some-time ago, the city is still owed much money from the Corps. 
This is just one example of a wonder-
ful public project where the Federal Government owes our cities or local entities a substantial amount of money. There are other examples in Texas, in Harris County, the Brays Bayou project in Harris County, where $146,885,000 is pending; the White Oak Bayou project in Harris County, where $73 million is pending; also, the Lower Colorado River Basin, Onion Creek, in 
Austin has $5 million pending. I know there is a big project in Florida. 
So my effort, my amendment, is an 
attempt to expedite getting these local agencies paid back because they are owed so much money. I know that as we do our budget and we do our appro-priations, we are talking about doling out money in the future to fund pro-grams, but these are projects that were already completed with the promise that they would be reimbursed. They have not been reimbursed to the tune of millions and millions of dollars. 
I hope that as a gesture of good faith 
we can increase this account by $10 million. Bear in mind, that would still be $5 million less than was dedicated to this account in the last year. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
b0050 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I object. I am going to 
be opposed. 
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman con-
tinue to reserve his point of order? 
Mr. SIMPSON. Yes. The CHAIR. Does the gentleman 
claim time in opposition? 
Mr. SIMPSON. Yes, I claim time in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Does the gentleman 
have time remaining? 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. I reserved the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. You reserved your 
time. So you could yield time to the gentleman. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Absolutely. 
Mr. Chairman, if you will permit me, 
I would be glad to yield time. How much time do I have? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman has 2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. I thank my col-
league for yielding time. 
Mr. Chairman, where I am from in 
Texas, when you make a deal with someone, you look him in the eye and shake his hand, honor the agreement, and keep your word. 
For years, the United States Army 
Corps of Engineers has been making deals throughout the country. Yet, in many instances, despite project co-operation agreements, the Corps has failed to honor its end of the bargain. Many State, local, and municipal enti-ties have advanced funding or paid out of their pockets to help better their communities with the understanding that the Federal Government would re-imburse them. This is what happened in my hometown of San Antonio. 
This amendment would limit expend-
iture on flood and storm damage reduc-tion to $10 million less and would add $10 million to the ‘‘other authorized purposes’’ item in the committee re-
port. This is a matter of fairness to our communities, and if we cannot proceed with this bipartisan amendment, I hope the chairman will work with us going forward. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I with-
draw my point of order. 
The CHAIR. The reservation of the 
point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
First, let me assure my colleague 
that I am sympathetic to the intention of what he is trying to do here. The gentleman seeks to show support for additional funding for projects that are important to his district and to his constituents, and I understand that. 
Unfortunately, although I know it is 
not the gentleman’s intent, the amend-ment would limit all funding for the construction of flood control projects to no more than $276 million. That is a cut of almost $500 million in flood con-trol projects. I would hope that we would all agree that that is unaccept-able. Even as intended, though, I must oppose the amendment. 
The President’s budget request in-
creased funding for environmental projects above the fiscal year 2015 level while slashing funding for flood control projects by almost $300 million. In this bill, on the other hand, we were able to restore the flood control funding, and we did it without slashing the funding for environmental projects. 
I would, respectfully, ask my col-
leagues to vote against this amend-ment even though I understand what the gentleman is trying to do. We would be more than willing to work with him—with both of you—in trying to address this issue as we move this process forward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I know the appropriations process is a tough one. You are making difficult choices among many things. 
I would just point out that, in this 
account, as you know, there have been funds that have gone unallocated in re-cent years in this very account from which I withdraw. Again, our local agencies in Republican and Democratic districts have already committed these funds with the promise that they would be reimbursed. A failure to reimburse them is essentially saying that we are going to stiff them on money that we said that we would pay them. This is a very small amount given the amount of money that is owed by the Corps to our local agencies. 
I would ask you for your reconsider-
ation now, and certainly, as I know how Congressman H
URDfeels and many 
others, I would ask for your help in remedying this situation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, again, 
I understand what he is trying to do, and I sympathize with what you are trying to do. You are correct in that the funds remain unallocated in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.224 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2759 April 30, 2015 
flood control account. That is because, 
for some reason, the administration is dragging its feet on allocating these funds. It is not because the funds are not needed or cannot be used. In fact, the bill includes language to try to cor-rect this problem. But I can’t support increasing funding for environmental projects at the expense of projects that improve public safety and protect our communities. 
I would offer both of the gentlemen 
the opportunity to work with the com-mittee, and I will work with you to try to address this issue as we move for-ward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, add the following new section: 
SEC. 507. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to finalize, promul-gate, or enforce the Department of Energy’s proposed rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Fur-naces’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 48: March 12, 2015). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
the Department of Energy has proposed new rulemaking that will eliminate the use of noncondensing natural gas home furnaces. 
On average, condensing furnaces cost 
$350 more than noncondensing furnaces and require as much as $2,200 in addi-tional installation costs. The DOE itself has estimated that it will cost the American consumer up to $12 bil-lion to install condensing furnaces na-tionwide. The upfront costs of install-ing a natural gas condensing furnace may force families to switch to alter-native furnaces which are cheaper to install but that cost more to operate. Home furnaces fail and need to be re-placed when people are most likely to use them—in the middle of the winter when it is cold outside. Families shouldn’t have to face increased costs to replace their natural gas furnaces to get the heat flowing back into their homes. 
Furthermore, the proposed rule cre-
ates a nationwide standard that fails to take into account the different climate zones throughout the country. The De-partment of Energy has proposed a one-size-fits-all approach that unfairly punishes Americans living in warmer climate zones such as the Southeast. This means that the payback period for the installation of condensing furnaces 
in the warmer climate zones will be much longer than in the colder zones. 
My amendment to this appropria-
tions bill will prevent the Department of Energy from using funds to finalize, promulgate, or enforce the proposed rule. 
My amendment has been supported 
by the American Gas Association, the American Public Gas Association, the Home Builders Association, the Indoor Environment and Energy Efficiency Coalition, the Air Condition, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute, and the heating and air-condition and refrig-erating distributors. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to this amend-ment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the Blackburn amend-ment because it would prevent the De-partment of Energy from issuing long- needed efficiency standards for residen-tial furnaces. In the end, that will only hurt consumers and needlessly waste energy. 
The current standards, which are es-
sentially 25 years old, leave consumers with higher utility bills than are nec-essary. Further delays to the furnace rule will allow this situation to con-tinue indefinitely. The new DOE stand-ard would cut energy waste, saving consumers more than $600 over the life-time of their furnaces. On a national level, that will work out to savings be-tween $4 billion to $19 billion. The pro-posed DOE standard does not apply to furnaces that are already in use. It grandfathers them or it doesn’t apply to repairs that can be made to existing furnaces. 
It is also worth mentioning that the 
Blackburn amendment would be espe-cially negative for low-income house-holds. Many low-income people who are renters do not get to choose the fur-naces that heat their homes. Property owners will generally choose the lowest cost furnace even if that furnace will result in higher energy bills. In the end, it is the low-income renters who are stuck with the gas bills from the inefficient furnace. The DOE standard would help ensure all Americans can benefit from lower energy bills thanks to increased efficiency. 
Finally, the proposed rule would save 
more natural gas than other rules to date and would, therefore, deliver large, cumulative greenhouse gas emis-sion reductions at a cost savings to ev-eryone. The Blackburn amendment would throw away that opportunity. 
b0100 
It is true that there are still some 
things to be worked out with the regu-lation, and we should move toward that end, but what the industry needs and what the consumers need is cer-tainty going forward, so everyone can plan to build and install the latest and most efficient technology. We should 
let the Department of Energy do its job. 
Let’s not waste time; let’s not waste 
energy, and let’s not waste money and consumer savings that will result. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Blackburn 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am so pleased that my friend and col-league mentioned cost because I want to point out, again, what it would cost. These furnaces cost $350 more and re-quire as much as $2,200 additional in in-stallation cost. 
In addition to that, there are alter-
ations that are needed to existing homes for venting purposes. Those cost estimates are $2,550 per home just for the venting that is necessary for these. 
This is one of those regulations, Mr. 
Chairman, that is too expensive to af-ford. The cost on this is astronomical. Even DOE itself says the cost to the American consumer is $12 billion to in-stall these furnaces. 
Then you say that, maybe over the 
lifetime of this, you are going to save an amount. I think that this is one of those areas where you look at how much it is going to cost. 
This is why this amendment is so 
widely supported. I encourage support for the Blackburn amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
this is an amendment that I bring every year. I told Chairman S
IMPSON  
that I knew he was delighted to see me back on the floor again this year with the amendment for the 1 percent across-the-board spending cut. 
I do want to thank the committee for 
its hard work in cutting, and it is im-portant to note that the proposed fund-ing levels for this appropriations bill this year is $35.4 billion, which is $633 million below the President’s budget request. 
I have got to say, with the situation 
in our Nation with our debt, I think my 1 percent spending reduction, which will save taxpayers an additional $356 million, is something that is necessary, and it is a step that we need to take. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.226 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2760 April 30, 2015 
I am really fully aware that some of 
the appropriators aren’t standing in favor of the 1 percent across-the-board cuts. In fact, when I offered this amendment to last year’s bill, I was told that cuts of this magnitude, quite honestly, go far too deep. 
Well, I think that, when you look at 
the fact that we need to be cutting an-other penny out of a dollar, that is not too deep because our debt is something that is damaging our Nation’s security. 
Even Admiral Mullen has said that 
the greatest threat to our Nation’s se-curity is our growing national debt. Because of that, we need to do a little bit more every time we come to the floor for appropriations to get this $18.2 trillion debt under control. 
As I have said before, across-the- 
board spending cuts effectively control the growth and cost of the Federal Government. They not only give agen-cies flexibility to determine which ex-penses are necessary, but more impor-tantly, they don’t pick winners and losers. 
Not only do I support the across-the- 
board cuts, many of our Governors sup-port them, Republican and Democrat. When I was in the State senate in Ten-nessee, we couldn’t adjourn that until we balanced the budget. That is why our States are controlling their debts, reining in their expenses, and our Fed-eral Government is not. 
We kick the can down the road, go 
print more money, run up more debt. It is time to get it under control. Saving another penny on a dollar is a nec-essary step. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee’s consistency. 
We have seen a lot of these amend-
ments. The problem is with the debate. You would think that we were not doing anything to reduce this deficit, that we were not cutting spending. The reality is the only committee in Con-gress that is actually cutting spending is the Appropriations Committee, and we have been cutting spending for the last 4 years. 
Now, this bill that we have before us 
today meets with and falls within the budget resolution that was just adopt-ed earlier this day, and, if we had want-ed to reduce everything by 1 percent again, then we should have adopted a different budget resolution. 
It is easy to say let’s just take one 
penny out of every dollar. Who can’t do that? We have taken much more than one penny out of every dollar as we have cut spending more and more in the appropriations process by the Ap-propriations Committee. 
It is not that we don’t want to reduce 
spending; we are reducing spending, but, of course, we could cut one more cent out of every dollar we spend. Who couldn’t do that? Then we will have a new baseline. You know what? Then we 
ought to cut one penny out of every dollar at that baseline. You know what? Then we will have another base-line, and we can cut one more penny out of that. 
We are trying to do it smarter. We 
are trying to look at the needs of the agencies that we fund, reduce spending, and set priorities. 
While I commend my colleague for 
her consistent work to protect tax-payers dollars, this is not an approach that I can support. 
While the President may have pro-
posed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with pro-posals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes the tough choices within an allocation that ad-heres to the current law. 
While difficult tradeoffs had to be 
made—and difficult tradeoffs were made—there are accounts in this bill that I think we ought to be spending more money on. There are accounts in this bill that I think we ought to be spending less money on that are a higher priority to some other Members of Congress. That is kind of the nature of how the appropriations process 
works. Nobody gets everything they want. 
One thing we have been consistent on 
for the fifth year in a row is that we have been reducing spending. We prioritize funding for critical infra-structure and our Nation’s defense. Most of the increases that are in this budget this year that will be coming out of the overall 302(a)’s went to the national defense, the NNSA, our nu-clear weapons programs. 
We prioritize funding, as I said, for 
critical infrastructure. The President cut $750 million—around that—out of the harbor maintenance trust fund. In trying to secure our inland waterways and our harbors for the commerce that our economy needs, we replaced that, which means we had to make even more difficult cuts in a lot of these agencies. 
These tradeoffs were carefully 
weighed for their respective impacts and their responsibility; yet the gentle-lady’s amendment would propose an across-the-board cut on every one of these programs. 
This makes no distinction between 
where we need to be spending or invest-ing our infracture, promote jobs, and meet our national security needs and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. 
I would urge my colleagues to vote 
against this amendment. 
Let me say again, I appreciate the 
gentlewoman’s consistent effort in making sure that we keep focused on addressing what is the number one problem in this country, and that is the debt this country faces, and this committee has been doing that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I am 
opposed to this amendment. 
The way you balance budgets is to 
have a robust economy, where every-body is helping to pull the ship for-ward. That isn’t the case right now. 
What we have dug out since 2008 was 
the largest recession since the Great Depression. America’s chief strategic vulnerability throughout this period of time—for actually over a quarter cen-tury now—and our largest area of eco-nomic loss is energy. 
b0110 
It rests in energy. Since 2003, just 
since 2003, our country has spent $2.3 trillion importing foreign petroleum. That is just petroleum. That is not a country that is self-reliant. That is a country that deeply needs energy secu-rity here at home. 
The result of this amendment will be 
less investment in the sector most crit-ical to helping us right this hole that we have dug for ourselves. 
Can you imagine if that $2.3 trillion 
had been spent in this country, the number of jobs we would have, the greater amount of income and revenue we would have flowing into people’s pockets and also into the public sector where we have to pay the bills? 
In addition to moving us backwards 
on the energy front, this amendment will be less investment in water re-sources, and we have $62 billion worth of Army Corps projects alone that have sat on the shelf. We have no new starts in this bill. That is not a country on the grow. That is a country in re-trenchment. 
So this amendment, it isn’t a 50 per-
cent cut. It is meant to send a signal. I say to the gentlelady, as I said to the chair of the Ways and Means Com-mittee today who turned away from me and walked to the back of the Cham-ber, you know, it is pretty hard to bal-ance a budget when not everybody is at work, their wages have been cut, the middle class has shrunk, but then you don’t put revenues on the table. 
Some of those lucrative operations, 
these transnational corporations have operating offshore aren’t bringing their money home. They are holding it over there. 
Revenues need to be on the table and 
mandatory spending has to be on the table. 
He walked away from me, the chair-
man of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. It was a rather interesting con-versation. 
The Appropriations Committee can’t 
do this alone, and we certainly shouldn’t do it in sectors where Amer-ica truly is hurting. 
At a time when unemployed Ameri-
cans are losing jobless benefits and many young families struggle just to survive, we should be creating jobs and securing the American Dream, starting with a self-reliant energy future. 
This bill underfunds that. The chair-
man has spoken eloquently to that. And it harms American economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.231 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2761 April 30, 2015 
growth and energy growth and energy 
security, and it damages those portions of our budget that are critical to our national security: vital weapons pro-grams, our Naval research reactor re-search, and nonproliferation funding. 
We believe our bill builds America 
forward to achieve progress for our country again and not retrenchment. 
So I oppose the gentlelady’s amend-
ment. I think she has the right spirit, but I think she is looking in the wrong place in terms of what we face as a country. I oppose her amendment. 
I yield back my the balance of my 
time. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am just so delighted that my friend mentioned what we need is a robust economy because I agree. 
The Obama economy has been abys-
mal and has been terrible for our coun-try. And you are exactly right. The middle class has shrunk. Wages have been cut. All that has happened. 
I know the American people are sick 
and tired of it, and they would like to get this country moving again. And the Obama economy has caused many of the problems that are in front of us. 
I am so pleased, too, that she men-
tioned the $2.3 trillion that we have spent importing oil. If you look at who has been importing a lot of that oil, 
OPEC, exporting that to us. OPEC is one of the top five holders of our debt. That adds to both our energy security and our national security problems. Mr. Chairman, it is time to open up our lands and drill here and drill now. 
Now, quite frankly, a penny on a dol-
lar is another way to engage rank-and- file employees. I have seen it work at the State level. I know other States have used that, as I said. Both Demo-crat and Republican Governors have done it. My State of Tennessee did this as we reduced the size and growth of the budget in our State. 
By the way, we had to do it because 
we were the test case for Hillary Clin-ton’s healthcare plan, and that just threw our budget all out of whack. 
So yes, we found ourselves cutting 
about 9 cents across the board per de-partment. 
Do across-the-board cuts work? Yes. 
Do they send the right message? Abso-lutely. Do they engage the rank and file? You better believe it. Are they a step toward getting out-of-control spending under control? Yes, they are, and we need to do that. 
Every man, woman, and child in this 
country, right now, has over $56,000 worth of debt that they would be re-sponsible for. That is a per person load for our $18.2 trillion worth of debt. We have got $18.2 trillion worth of debt, and we can’t cut another penny out of a dollar? 
The chairman has done a great job. 
They have the right focus. I think that what we do is give them another little push, engage the bureaucracy—which, by the way, they are not having to make the cuts that men and women and small businesses are having to make. It is the fair thing to do. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Tennessee will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . 
LUETKEMEYER  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to continue the study conducted by the Army Corps of Engi-neers pursuant to section 5018(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Mis-souri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, 
from extreme flooding to extreme drought, the Missouri River basin has been hit very hard over the past few years. The families who live and work along the Missouri River have endured great hardships, and these events serve to highlight the importance of main-taining effective flood control infra-structure. 
Though it is one of our region’s 
greatest resources, the Missouri River would produce extreme, erosive, reg-ular flooding and be mostly unfit for navigation if not for aggressive long- term management by the Army Corps of Engineers. 
Congress first authorized the Mis-
souri River Bank Stabilization and Navigation Project, BSNP, in 1912, with the intention of mitigating flood risk and maintaining a navigable chan-nel from Sioux City, Iowa, to the mouth of the river in St. Louis. Though the BSNP’s construction was completed in the 1980s, the Corps’ abil-ity to make adjustments as needed re-main crucial to this day. 
President Obama, in his fiscal year 
2015 budget, requested $47 million for the Missouri River Recovery Program, which would primarily go towards the funding of environmental restoration studies and projects. This funding dwarfs the insufficient $9 million that was requested for the entire operations and maintenance of the aforemen-tioned BSNP. 
It is preposterous to think that envi-
ronmental projects are more important than the protection of human life. I do not take for granted the importance of 
river ecosystems. I grew up near the Missouri River, as did so many of the people I represent, yet we have reached a point in our Nation in which we value the welfare of fish and birds more than the welfare of our fellow human beings. Our priorities are backwards, Mr. Chairman. 
My amendment will eliminate the 
Missouri River Ecosystem Recovery Program, or MRERP, a study that has become little more than a tool of the environmentalists for the promotion of returning the river to its most natural state, with little regard for the flood control, navigation, trade, power gen-eration, or the people who depend on the Missouri River for their liveli-hoods. 
The end of the study will in no way 
jeopardize the Corps’ ability to meet the requirements of the Endangered Species Act. MRERP is one of no fewer than 70 environmental and ecological studies focused on the Missouri River. 
The people who have had to foot the 
bill for these studies, many of which 
take years to complete and are ulti-mately inconclusive, are the very peo-ple who have lost their farms, their businesses, and their homes. 
Our vote today will also show our 
constituents that this Congress is aware of the gross disparity between the funding for environmental efforts and the funding for the protection of our citizens. This exact amendment has been passed by voice vote during the debate in the last three fiscal year appropriations bills, which were ulti-mately signed into law by President Obama. It is supported by the Amer-ican Waterways Operators, the Coali-tion to Protect the Missouri River, the Missouri Farm Bureau, and the Mis-souri Corn Growers. 
b0120 
It is time for Congress to take a seri-
ous look at the water bill and funding priorities, and it is time we send a mes-sage to our Federal entities that man-age our waterways. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment and support our Nation’s river communities and encourage more balance and Federal funding for water infrastructure and management. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MCCLINTOCK  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 57, after line 11, insert the following: 
SEC. 507. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to purchase water to supplement or enhance the instream flow re-quirements in the State of California that are mandated under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, the Central Valley Project Im-provement Act, or the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.232 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2762 April 30, 2015 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
hydrologists tell us that California is facing the worst drought in 1,200 years. With the rain season officially over, our snowpack is just 3 percent of nor-mal, and many reservoirs are already drawn down perilously. Californians are now threatened with draconian fines if they take too long in the show-er. 
This amendment forbids the Bureau 
of Reclamation from purchasing scarce water in California in the midst of this catastrophic drought for the purpose of dumping it in rivers to adjust the water temperature to nudge baby fish to swim into the ocean. 
As ridiculous as this sounds, that is 
exactly what the Bureau of Reclama-tion has been doing throughout this drought. It is using money taken from families’ taxes in order to purchase water that is desperately needed by these same families and then literally dumping it down the drain in front of them. 
This exacerbates an already perilous 
scarcity of water while forcing the price of our remaining supplies even higher. It also makes a mockery of the sacrifices that every Californian is making to stretch every drop of water in their homes. And it undermines the moral authority of the government to demand further conservation from the people when it is squandering water so outrageously itself. 
We don’t know exactly how much the 
Bureau is spending for this purpose be-cause they don’t account for how their purchased water is used. 
This measure would forbid them from 
wasting any of our water on such fri-volities as adjusting water tempera-tures. 
Now if this sounds harsh for the fish, 
let’s remember that in a drought like this one, there would be no water in our rivers. There would be no fish. The dams make it possible to save the water from wet years so that we can get through the dry years. That doesn’t work if we open floodgates in an ex-treme drought like this to make the fish happy. 
This month, the Bureau of Reclama-
tion released nearly 30,000 acre-feet of water from the New Melones Dam in my district for that purpose. That is enough water to meet the annual resi-dential needs of a population of nearly 300,000 human beings for the express purpose of encouraging the offspring of some 29 steelhead trout to swim toward the ocean—which, by the way, they tend to do anyway. And to add insult to injury, almost all of these smolts will be eaten by predators before they reach the ocean. 
So let me put this again and quite 
bluntly. In order to benefit a handful of steelhead trout, the Bureau sacrificed enough water to meet the annual needs 
of a human population of 300,000. At $700 per acre-foot, the cost of this exer-cise amounted to $21 million. 
This is the lunacy of the environ-
mental left and the policies they have imposed on our State and our country. It needs to stop now. And to the extent that we can do so through the power of the purse, we must. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I op-
pose this McClintock amendment be-cause it sounds like a solution in search of a problem. 
This amendment seeks to undermine 
the Endangered Species Act by re-stricting the Bureau of Reclamation from expending funds on water for the purpose of managing endangered fish populations. 
While I oppose the spirit of the 
amendment, I must also object to it be-cause it does absolutely nothing. The Bureau of Reclamation does not pur-chase water for the purpose of tempera-ture management. The Bureau of Rec-lamation does not purchase water now, and they have no plans to do it in fiscal year 2016. In fact, due to water scar-city, the price of water is too high. 
The extreme drought in the West pre-
sents significant management chal-lenges, and Bureau of Reclamation bi-ologists should have every tool possible to make decisions and provide a safety net for species nearing extinction. 
Instead of attempting to undermine 
the judgment of those professionals, we should be working on solutions to grow the water supply in California. That in-volves water reuse; increased effi-ciencies, which have already started; conservation; storm water capture; ag-ricultural practices. 
The dry West faces very difficult 
choices, and we want to walk alongside them but with solutions that make sense and that are capable of being im-plemented. 
I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
perhaps from the damp State of Ohio, this might look like a solution in search of a problem. I would invite the gentlelady to come to California in the midst of this drought to see the devas-tation it is causing. 
The Bureau just released 10 billion 
gallons for this stated purpose, to ad-just river water temperatures and to nudge steelhead trout smolts to the ocean. They weren’t coy about it. They were very, very clear. They have been very clear in their budget requests for this practice. 
But let me, just for the sake of argu-
ment, accept the gentlelady’s point that they have no plans to do so. Well, if that is the case, she should have no objections to this measure. The fact is, they not only have plans to do so, but they have been doing so, and it is dev-
astating what little precious water is remaining behind our precious res-ervoirs. 
We will run out by the end of the 
summer if these practices continue. And if they continue and if we do, I think that the gentlelady will need to make an apology to the 38 million suf-fering people of California. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the requirement in sec-tion 323.4(a)(1)(ii) of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or section 232.3(c)(1)(ii)(A) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, that activities identified in paragraph (1)(A) of subsection (f) of section 404 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A)) must be established or ongoing in order to receive an exemption under such subsection. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. I thank the gen-
tleman from Idaho, Chairman S IMPSON . 
Mr. Chair, the House has previously 
passed language to require the Army Corps of Engineers to apply the Clean Water Act as the Congress has passed it, not as the Corps may wish it to have been written. Unfortunately, the Corps has disregarded these efforts and im-posed regulations that could actually prevent farmers from changing crops or fallowing fields during, especially, California’s historic drought. 
b0130 
Section 404 of the Clean Water Act 
exempts from regulation the following: ‘‘Normal farming, silviculture, and ranching activities such as plowing, seeding, cultivating, minor drainage, harvesting for the production of food, fiber, and forest products, or upland soil and water conservation practices.’’ 
No additional requirements are in-
cluded, and these activities are specifi-cally identified as exempt. However, the Corps and the EPA have used cre-ative interpretations to drastically in-crease their jurisdiction beyond what Congress has intended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.237 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2763 April 30, 2015 
In fact, the Corps states the fol-
lowing on their Web site: 
If a property has been used for cattle graz-
ing, the exemption does not apply if future activities would involve planting crops for food. 
An operation is no longer established when 
the area on which it is conducted has been converted to another use or has lain idle. 
Now, under this interpretation, a 
farmer switching from one crop to an-other, such as corn or tomatoes, would no longer be engaged in normal activi-ties and could be subject to regulation. 
As I mentioned earlier, in this time 
of record drought in California, a prac-tice such as leaving a field fallow, as is happening now across California due to the historic droughts, means that re-planting the following year, if possible, would be seen by the Corps as a new— not existing—activity triggering regu-lation and permitting requirements. This is not the intention of what Con-gress had years ago with the Clean Water Act. 
This overreach could even prevent 
farmers from switching to less water- intensive crops, if they saw fit, during California’s droughts for fear of an im-possible morass of regulatory require-ments or, with the involuntary cuts that have been underway, see that they would again be required to have new permits because of this misinterpreta-tion by the Corps. 
Mr. Chairman, the House has sup-
ported amendments I have sponsored on two other occasions. Language ad-dressing this issue previously passed by voice vote and was included in the CR/ Omnibus; yet the Corps has refused to recognize clear congressional intent and abandoned its interpretation. 
My amendment, for the third time, 
will seek to prohibit funding for these creative interpretations. I urge your support of this effort to once again make clear the will of Congress. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I rise to oppose the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). This 
amendment makes a significant change to the Clean Water Act regulations, one we should not be making late at night in an appropriations bill. It de-serves thoughtful consideration. I think the gentleman probably would agree with that. 
Mr. Chairman, under current law and 
regulation, activities that convert wet-lands that occur as part of existing, on-going farming, ranching, and silviculture activities do not require a section 404 wetlands permit. 
Let me repeat that for my col-
leagues. The Clean Water Act explic-itly exempts certain activities from regulation, and these include normal agricultural activities like plowing fields, planting and harvesting crops, and maintaining irrigation and drain-age ditches. Those exemptions were added by Con-
gress in 1977. The 1977 law created the list of activity-based exemptions from normal farming, ranching, and forestry activities; but it also included safe-guards to ensure that these exempted activities were not exploited by large- scale commercial interests. The regula-tions implementing those exemptions were completed in 1986 during the Reagan administration. 
The underlying fiscal year 2016 En-
ergy and Water Appropriations bill be-fore us already includes language in section 106 affirming that these activi-ties exempted by Congress 38 years ago continue to be exempt. It clearly states that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to require a permit when these activities are con-ducted. 
The gentleman from California wants 
to go further than the language al-ready in the bill with his amendment. In his view, wetlands should be able to be filled even when a farm has been converted to another use or farm fields have lain idle so long that modifica-tions to the hydrology are necessary to conduct operations. 
I say to my colleague from Cali-
fornia, it is hard to understand how any discharge can be normal for an op-eration that isn’t established. 
Mr. Chairman, let me tell my col-
league why this concerns me. Accord-ing to the Ohio Environmental Protec-tion Agency, in my home State, since the late 18th century, 90 percent of Ohio’s wetland resources have been de-stroyed or degraded through draining, filling, or other modification. Because of the valuable functions the remaining wetlands perform, it is imperative to ensure that all impacts to wetlands are properly mitigated. 
Wetlands help filter impurities from 
water. Sediment settles out of runoff, and contaminants bind to plant sur-faces in wetlands resulting in improved water quality. Wetlands perform other valuable functions, including reducing flood flow and shoreline erosion con-trol. They are almost like lungs. They are the lungs of the Earth and connect the land to the water. 
In Ohio, we also depend upon our 
wetlands as haven for rare and endan-gered plants, and one-third of all the endangered species depends on wet-lands for survival. Many wetlands are important fish spawning and nursery areas, as well as nesting, resting, and feeding areas for waterfowl. 
We should make certain that any 
changes we make to wetlands policy that may result in the destruction of these remaining very important eco-logical areas are evaluated carefully and we do not overturn nearly 40 years of policy lightly. 
It is for these reasons, Mr. Chairman, 
that I must respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I urge my colleagues to do so as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Again, Mr. Chair-
man, I appreciate the comments by my colleague from Ohio on that, but in 
practice in California, they are already moving well beyond established law in the 404 section that would indeed allow for normal activities to be exempted. 
I say ‘‘normal activities.’’ It is nor-
mal for farmers to change crops, to ro-tate crops as what fits the land, that fits available water supply, that fits what the farmer deems to do with his or her land. There is this thing called property rights in Ohio and California. 
It is amazing to me that the Army 
Corps continues to misinterpret and creatively interpret the 404 exemptions because, in practice in northern Cali-fornia, we have seen that the ability to switch crops, to do as you see fit with your land within the permit, with the exemptions of the 404, are being vio-lated. 
We have attempted to work with the 
Army Corps in northern California on that when I was told recently that they would ignore this section and ignore the efforts we have made previously. 
That is why this amendment is nec-
essary, not only to send a message, but to remove the funding that they would try to use to stop the cultural prac-tices of farmers across the country, es-pecially as it seems to be affecting northern California, to do as they see fit within the exemptions that are al-ready in the law, but seemingly outside of what the wishes of the Army Corps are. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask for the 
‘‘aye’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will report the 
amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC.ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deliver water to the Trinity River above the minimum re-quirements of the Trinity Record of Decision or to supplement flows in the Klamath River. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 223, the gentleman from Cali-fornia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, as was 
discussed earlier, California is seeing the most severe drought in many, many years. Our own Governor has re-cently ordered a mandatory 25 percent water rationing across the State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.240 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2764 April 30, 2015 
Despite these dire conditions which 
have idled hundreds of thousands of productive farmland and caused bil-lions of dollars in economic damage, the Bureau of Reclamation has unnec-essarily diverted water from the Cen-tral Valley Project which serves the entire State, 20 million or more people, to salmon habitat in the Klamath River. I say ‘‘unnecessarily’’ because the chinook salmon of the Klamath River are not threatened or endangered and have, in fact, been returning in near record numbers. 
Mr. Chairman, the Bureau has mis-
used over 100,000 acre feet of water over the last 2 years, which will be enough for up to 800,000 people or even 30,000 acres of cropland. 
What is more, stakeholders have al-
ready reached an agreement. All the stakeholders in the area have a pre-vious agreement to ensure enough water for both humans and for salmon, according to the Trinity Record of De-cision. 
b0140 
The Bureau’s actions go above and 
beyond the requirements of the agree-ment and negatively impact the very stakeholders that agreed to it, includ-ing my constituents. 
Two years ago, a bipartisan group 
from this Congress sent a letter urging the Bureau of Reclamation not to carry out this activity. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply prohibits the Bureau of Reclamation from releasing water beyond the record of decision it is a party to and ensures that cities and farms have access to as much water as possible, especially during this acute drought period. It also main-tains the river flows that stakeholders have agreed to and forces the Bureau of Reclamation to keep its promises to the people of California. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I op-
pose this amendment but, believe me, with sympathy toward what the people of the West are facing. I just hope that we can get through this situation rea-sonably and seamlessly somehow. I op-pose the amendment because it would lock in a specific operating regime, re-gardless of facts on the ground. 
In 2014, the Bureau of Reclamation 
made the decision not to release water above the minimum requirement, clearly showing they are realistic and willing to change to meet the cir-cumstances at hand. I hope the gen-tleman agrees. Reclamation monitored temperatures and fish health to bal-ance risks. 
Then last September, the Bureau of 
Reclamation did release flows because of a deadly detection of a parasite im-pacting salmon. Yet we must ensure that the massive fish kill of 2002 doesn’t happen again. This balancing act is really difficult, but we cannot sacrifice the environment either. We 
must find a way to balance the needs of people and the environment in the West. 
Further, in the Klamath Basin, we 
must meet our obligations to the tribes who have relied on the river. None of this will be easy. We should not be locking in an operating regime that ig-nores science and does not allow us to adapt to changing circumstances. 
On this basis, I oppose the gentle-
man’s amendment and honestly hope, as a country, we can do what is nec-essary to help the West. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, well, I 
appreciate that sentiment on helping the West. Perhaps a pipeline from Ohio with all that excess water during flood flows would help us out. But short of doing that right now, indeed, coming back to what is happening with the fish we are speaking of in these systems, the salmon in the Klamath River that we are speaking of are not in danger and are near record numbers in that leg. 
This amendment will assist actually 
downstream on the Sacramento River the endangered winter-run chinook with this additional flow. So even though there may have been detected a parasite, it is not affecting natively what we are talking about here. 
And this goes beyond the Record of 
Decision with agreed water flow amounts of the stakeholders involved. So this is more by whim of BOR once again deciding that additional flows, based on no science beyond the Record of Decision, are taking valuable water away, and it could happen again in this record drought year. 
We need not lose the opportunity to 
have these waters, or other ones talked about earlier tonight, based on the whim of a bureaucracy somewhere that really doesn’t seem to be paying atten-tion to the needs of California’s farms, cities, and that the water is actually being used to the best benefit of the fish being debated in any one of these systems. So diverting more water away from this is not productive. It doesn’t fulfill any scientific goals. 
With that, I ask the ‘‘aye’’ votes of 
this Chamber. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, before 
I make a motion, let me thank you for your excellent stewardship of this bill through general order, through the amendment debate in the wee hours of the morning. We all appreciate it. It 
has been fair and helped move it along in an orderly manner. 
Mr. Chairman, I move that the Com-
mittee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. L
AMALFA ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 2028) making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
HONORING THE ARKANSAS TOWNS 
OF MAYFLOWER AND VILONIA 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this past 
Monday, April 27, marked the 1-year anniversary of the devastation that oc-curred when a tornado struck the Mayflower, Vilonia, and Paron commu-nities in Arkansas, destroying more than 400 homes and costing 16 people their lives. The theme of this year’s an-niversary is, ‘‘Remember our loss, cele-brate our recovery.’’ 
I have had the opportunity to visit 
with folks in these communities and to hear their stories of courage and resil-ience. While I mourn those that are lost, I am thankful for the health and safety of Martin and Kristin Patton and the miraculous survival of their family. Their home literally disinte-grated around them. 
I am thankful for the leadership of 
Vilonia Mayor James Firestone and Mayflower Mayor Randy Holland who, along with county and local leaders, are charting a course toward the fu-ture. In the face of this tragedy, they furnish us with an inspirational model of solidarity and hope. 
I applaud the recovery efforts and 
dedication of these great Arkansas communities. 
Mr. Speaker, the Paron Community in Pu-
laski County and the Faulkner County towns of Vilonia and Mayflower, Arkansas have ex-perienced tragedy and disaster over these past years, but their resilience and determina-tion to rebuild and recover has never been more prevalent. 
Four years ago, on April 25, 2011, an EF2 
tornado struck Vilonia, killing four of its 4,000 citizens. 
Not two years after that, on March 29, 2013, 
the residents of Mayflower were left reeling after being flooded with 5,000 barrels of heavy crude oil that erupted from the burst Pegasus Pipeline. 
The ability to bounce back after such misfor-
tune is a testament to the great determination and toughness of the townspeople of Vilonia and Mayflower. 
And that ability was put to yet another test 
when, on April 27, 2014, the Mayflower, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP7.243 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2765 April 30, 2015 
Vilonia, and Paron communities were struck 
by a monster of a tornado. 
That tornado was classified as an EF4 with 
reported winds approaching 200 miles per hour. The half-mile wide twister left a swath of destruction that stretched for over forty miles. In fifty-six minutes, more than 400 homes were destroyed and sixteen people lost their lives. The National Weather Service stated that this was the single deadliest tornado to hit the state of Arkansas since 1968—nearly fifty years earlier. 
This past Monday, April 27, marked the 
one-year anniversary of the devastation wrecked during this horrific storm. The theme of this year’s anniversary is, ‘‘Remember our loss; celebrate our recovery.’’ 
Over the past few weeks, I have had the 
opportunity to visit with folks from Mayflower and Vilonia and to hear their stories of cour-age and resilience. 
While I mourn those lost in the April 2014 
tornados, I am thankful for the health and safety of Martin and Kristin Patton and the mi-raculous survival of their family. Their home lit-erally completely disintegrated around them and I certainly join them in counting their blessings of moving into their new home last weekend, 364 days after that frightening evening. 
I am thankful of the leadership of Vilonia 
Mayor James Firestone on the job for six and one half years; four of them in a ‘‘recovery mode.’’ I am grateful for his leadership with that of the city council in carefully charting a course toward the future. 
I am thankful for Mayflower Mayor Randy 
Holland, who, with county and local leaders, is crafting new economic development directions for this growing community. 
In the face of tragedy, they, along with all 
those who selflessly provided financial support and thousands of volunteer hours, furnish us with an inspirational model of solidarity and hope. 
As these brave communities continue to re-
cover and rebuild, I applaud them for their dedication to their neighbors, economy, and community. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE 
UNDERLYING OBJECTIVES OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–30) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
My Administration fully supports the 
underlying objectives of the rec-ommendations that the Military Com-pensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission (the ‘‘Commission’’) offered in January. These recommenda-tions represent an important step for-ward in protecting the long-term via-bility of the All-Volunteer Force, im-proving quality-of-life for service mem-bers and their families, and ensuring the fiscal sustainability of the military compensation and retirement systems. As I directed in my letter of March 
30, my team has worked with the Com-mission to further analyze the rec-ommendations and identify areas of agreement. At this time I am prepared to support specific proposals for 10 of the Commission’s 15 recommendations, either as proposed or with modifica-tions that have been discussed among the Department of Defense, other agen-cies, and the Commission. These in-clude the following: 
Survivor Benefit Plan Financial Education Medical Personnel Readiness Department of Defense and Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Collaboration 
Child Care Service Member Education Transition Assistance Nutritional Financial Assistance Dependent Space-Available Travel Report on Military Connected De-
pendents 
In some instances, the Department of 
Defense is already taking actions to implement these recommendations, and I will direct the Department to de-velop plans to complete this implemen-tation. In those areas where legislation is required, I expect the Secretary of Defense to transmit to the Congress on my behalf the relevant legislative pro-posals, which I recommend be enacted without delay. 
With respect to the remaining rec-
ommendations, given their complexity and our solemn responsibility to ensure that any changes further the objectives above, we will continue working with the Commission to understand how the following proposals would affect the All-Volunteer Force: 
Blended Retirement System Reserve Component Duty Statuses Exceptional Family Member’s Sup-
port 
Commissary and Exchange Consoli-
dation 
I believe there is merit in all of these 
recommendations and that they de-serve careful consideration and study. I will ensure that the Congress is kept apprised of this ongoing work. 
Finally, I agree with the Commission 
that we need to continue to improve the military health care system. The health care reforms proposed in my Fiscal Year 2016 Budget are a good first step and offer service members, retir-ees, and their families more control and choice over their health care deci-sions. This remains a critical issue, and my Administration will work with the Commission and interested Members of Congress in the coming months to de-velop additional reform proposals for consideration as part of my Fiscal Year 2017 Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , April 30, 2015. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mrs. W AGNER (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today after 4 p.m. and May 1 on account of attending the pro-
motion ceremony of her son Raymond Wagner, III to Captain in the United States Army. 
Mr. L
EWIS (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.) the House adjourned until today, Fri-day, May 1, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1318. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0248; FRL- 9926-24] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1319. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Phenol, 2-(2H-benzotriazol- 2-yl)-6-dodecyl-4-methyl-; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ- OPP-2014-0418; FRL-9925-78] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1320. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Arkansas; Revisions to the State Implemen-tation Plan; Fee Regulations [EPA-R06-OAR- 2015-0054; FRL-9926-91-Region 6] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1321. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Indi-ana; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA-R05-OAR-2011-0969; FRL-9926-81-Region 5] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1322. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants; Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, New Mexico, and the City of Albu-querque, New Mexico; Control of Emissions from Existing Sewage Sludge Incinerator Units [EPA-R06-OAR-2013-0763; FRL-9927-00- Region 6] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1323. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the State Implementation Plan; Stage I Regulations [EPA-R06-OAR-2014-0846; FRL-9927-10-Region 6] received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\H30AP5.REC H30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2766 April 30, 2015 
1324. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — General Permits and Per-mits by Rule for the Federal Minor New Source Review Program in Indian Country for Five Source Categories [EPA-HQ-OAR- 2011-0151; FRL-9919-85-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AQ95) received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1325. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Energy Labeling Rule (RIN: 3084-AB03) received April 28, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1326. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Authority of DOE Protective Force Officers That Are Federal Employees To Make Ar-rests Without a Warrant for Certain Crimes (RIN: 1994-AA03) received April 29, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1327. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermilion Snap-per [Docket No.: 130312235-3658-02] (RIN: 0648- XD734) received April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
1328. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XD844) received April 28, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1329. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Group-er Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Amendment 32 [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648-BE20) received April 28, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1330. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 140117052-4402-02] (RIN: 0648-XD874) received April 28, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
1331. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Crab Rationalization Program [Docket No.: 101214615-5254-02] (RIN: 0648-BA61) re-ceived April 28, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
1332. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Dela-ware River; Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: 
USCG-2015-0129] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1333. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Charleston Race Week, Charleston Harbor; Charleston, SC [Docket No.: USCG- 2015-0018] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
1334. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Vessel Fire and Escort, Port of New York, NJ, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0189] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1335. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Electrical Equipment in Haz-ardous Locations [Docket No.: USCG-2012- 0850] (RIN: 1625-AC00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1336. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Ontonagon River, Ontonagon, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0082] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1337. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Oper-ation Regulation; Hoquiam River, Hoquiam, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-1029] (RIN: 1625- AA09) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1338. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Tesoro Terminal Protest: Port of Long Beach Har-bor; Pacific Ocean, California [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0163] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1339. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Naval Helicopter Association (NHA) Red Bull Helicopter Demonstration; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0137] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1340. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Sellwood Bridge Construction, Willamette River, Portland, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0187] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1341. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Marina del Rey Fireworks Show, Santa Monica Bay; Marina del Rey, California [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0155] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received 
April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1342. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum Fire-works Display; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0186] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1343. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Naval Helicopter Association (NHA) Red Bull Helicopter Demonstration; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0137] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received April 27, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
1344. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Barge- based Fireworks, Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0213] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
1345. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Eastern Branch Elizabeth River; Norfolk, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0202] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
1346. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Technical Corrections to 38 CFR Part 3 (RIN: 2900-AP33) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
1347. A letter from the Acting Director, 
Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the General Counsel (02REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Updating Certain Delega-tions of Authority in VA Medical Regula-tions (RIN: 2900-AP17) received April 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. House Joint Reso-lution 43. Resolution disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in ap-proving the Reproductive Health Non-Dis-crimination Amendment Act of 2014 (Rept. 114–99). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J ONES , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30AP7.000 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2767 April 30, 2015 
BUCSHON , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
TOM PRICE of Georgia, and Ms. 
GABBARD ): 
H.R. 2123. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to furnish non-formulary drugs and medicines to veterans diagnosed with mental health disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 2124. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALLONE , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. 
EDWARDS ): 
H.R. 2125. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to revise its spon-sorship identification rules so as to require the disclosure of the names of significant do-nors to persons paying for or furnishing broadcast matter or origination cablecasting matter that is political matter or matter in-volving the discussion of a controversial issue of public importance; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, 
and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): 
H.R. 2126. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services from replac-ing ICD-9 with ICD-10 in implementing the HIPAA code set standards; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for 
himself, Mr. K
ATKO , and Miss R ICEof 
New York): 
H.R. 2127. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration to limit access to expedited air-port security screening at an airport secu-rity checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R EED, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Mr. N EAL, Mr. K IND, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas): 
H.R. 2128. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt certain stock of real estate investment trusts from the tax on foreign investments in United States real property interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2129. A bill to strengthen the disclo-
sure requirements for creditors under the Truth in Lending Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself, 
Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, 
and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
H.R. 2130. A bill to provide legal certainty 
to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mr. 
S
ANFORD , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina): 
H.R. 2131. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
D
OLD, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 2132. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish an energy efficiency ret-rofit pilot program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. W ENSTRUP , and 
Mr. C ARTER of Texas): 
H.R. 2133. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide additional training opportunities under the Transition Assist-ance Program to members of the Armed Forces who are being separated from active duty; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 2134. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to require review of the economic cost of adding a species to the list of endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mrs. 
BLACK ): 
H.R. 2135. A bill to amend titles II and XVI 
of the Social Security Act to provide certain individuals with information on employment support services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. R EED, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and 
Mrs. B LACK ): 
H.R. 2136. A bill to amend titles II and XVI 
of the Social Security Act to provide for quality reviews of benefit decisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. R EICHERT , and 
Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 2137. A bill to ensure Federal law en-
forcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their fam-ilies, during a covered furlough; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. C
LEAVER ): 
H.R. 2138. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide payment under part A of the Medicare Program on a reasonable cost basis for anesthesia services furnished by an anesthesiologist in certain rural hospitals in the same manner as pay-ments are provided for anesthesia services furnished by anesthesiologist assistants and certified registered nurse anesthetists in such hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Ms. 
K
USTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R USH, Mr. JONES , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 2139. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide notice of average times for processing claims and percentage of claims approved, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  
of California, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 2140. A bill to promote freedom, 
human rights, and the rule of law as part of United States-Vietnam relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. 
N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , 
Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan): 
H.R. 2141. A bill to require consultation 
with Congress, insurers, and consumers with respect to domestic insurance and inter-national insurance standards, regulations, or frameworks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. L
ARSON of Con-
necticut): 
H.R. 2142. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for facilities using a qualified methane conversion technology to provide transportation fuels and chemicals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina (for 
himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): 
H.R. 2143. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform the system of public financing for Presidential elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself 
and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): 
H.R. 2144. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project man-agement in Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. 
H
ENSARLING , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
THORNBERRY , and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 2145. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish the Physician Am-bassadors Helping Veterans program to seek to employ physicians at the Department of Veterans Affairs on a without compensation basis in practice areas and specialties with staffing shortages and long appointment waiting times; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
P
ASCRELL , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. 
REED): 
H.R. 2146. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law en-forcement officers, firefighters, and air traf-fic controllers to make penalty-free with-drawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 2147. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding featuring the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 2148. A bill to amend title III of the 
Social Security Act to require a substance abuse risk assessment and targeted drug testing as a condition for the receipt of un-employment benefits, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30AP7.100 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2768 April 30, 2015 
to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in 
addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California): 
H.R. 2149. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram to ensure that students in high-need schools have equal access to a quality edu-cation delivered by an effective, diverse workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
PALLONE , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. 
JUDY CHU of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL - ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. R USH, Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH ): 
H.R. 2150. A bill to provide for increases in 
the Federal minimum wage; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2151. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to improve the calcula-tion, oversight, and accountability of non- DSH supplemental payments under the Med-icaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E STY, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 2152. A bill to ban meat and poultry 
products processed in China from school lunches, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 2153. A bill to reclassify certain low- 
level felonies as misdemeanors, to eliminate the increased penalties for cocaine offenses where the cocaine involved is cocaine base, to reinvest in our communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees 
on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. 
D
EUTCH , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 2154. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce injuries and deaths caused by cell phone use and texting while driving, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. FUDGE: 
H.R. 2155. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to di-rect the Secretary of Education to award grants for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. B OST, Mrs. W AG-
NER, and Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 2156. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reform the practices of recovery audit contractors under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2157. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year tax- free distributions from individual retirement plans for charitable purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2158. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for energy-efficient existing homes; to 
the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2159. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 for one year the credit for energy-efficient new homes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2160. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the employer wage credit for employees who are active duty members of the uniformed serv-ices; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2161. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the enhanced charitable deduction for contribu-tions of food inventory; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2162. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the deduction for mortgage insurance premiums; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2163. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2164. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the 15-year straight-line cost recovery for quali-fied leasehold improvements, qualified res-taurant buildings and improvements, and qualified retail improvements; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2165. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the above-the-line deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2166. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent the ex-clusion from gross income of discharges of qualified principal residence indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
Mr. F ARR): 
H.R. 2167. A bill to amend the Public Lands 
Corps Act of 1993 to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of the Inte-rior to provide service opportunities for young Americans, to help restore natural, cultural, historic, archaeological, rec-reational, and scenic resources of the United States, to train a new generation of public land managers and enthusiasts, to promote the value of public service, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees 
on Agriculture, and Education and the Work-force, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. S CHRA -
DER): 
H.R. 2168. A bill to make the current Dun-
geness crab fishery management regime per-manent and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2169. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Social Security Act to require the President to transmit the annual budget of the Social Security Administration without revisions to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. 
K
INGof New York): 
H.R. 2170. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the 23rd Headquarters Special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30AP7.100 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2769 April 30, 2015 
Troops, known as the ‘‘Ghost Army’’, collec-
tively, in recognition of its unique and in-credible service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on House Adminis-
tration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. LABRADOR: 
H.R. 2171. A bill to modify the boundaries 
of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the con-tinued use of motorized vehicles for live-stock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself and Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee): 
H.R. 2172. A bill to establish a pilot toll 
credit market place program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. 
B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 2173. A bill to require States to con-
duct Congressional redistricting through independent commissions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alas-
ka, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. R UIZ, and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD ): 
H.R. 2174. A bill to amend the Native 
American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthorization to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Native American languages; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 2175. A bill to amend chapter 89 of 
title 5, United States Code, to ensure over-sight and cost savings in the pricing and con-tracting of prescription drug benefits under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Pro-gram; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 2176. A bill to extend Federal recogni-
tion to the Duwamish Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 2177. A bill to promote energy savings 
in residential buildings and industry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Budget, Transportation and Infrastructure, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for 
herself, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. 
REICHERT ): H.R. 2178. A bill to restore employment and 
educational opportunities in, and improve the economic stability of, counties con-taining National Forest System land, while also reducing Forest Service management costs, by ensuring that such counties have a dependable source of revenue from timber sales conducted on National Forest System land, to reduce payments under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 to reflect such counties’ receipt of timber sale revenues, to strength-en stewardship end result contracting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. 
N
EAL, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. K IND, and Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut): 
H.R. 2179. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide an exception from the passive loss rules for investments in high technology research small business pass-thru entities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2180. A bill to authorize grantees of 
Department of Justice grants to set up task forces on policing in local communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. R ENACCI ): 
H.R. 2181. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to authorize certain aliens who have earned a Ph.D. degree from a United States institution of higher edu-cation in a field of science, technology, engi-neering, or mathematics to be admitted for permanent residence and to be exempted from the numerical limitations on H-1B non-immigrants; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2182. A bill to deregulate interstate 
commerce with respect to parimutuel wager-ing on horseracing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2183. A bill to require the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget to con-sider Brunswick County, North Carolina, to be part of the same metropolitan statistical area as Wilmington, North Carolina; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. N
EAL, and Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut): 
H.R. 2184. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the phasedown of the credit percentage for the dependent care tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SANFORD (for himself, Mr. 
P
ALAZZO , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , and Mr. M EADOWS ): 
H.R. 2185. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of the Treasury from using extraordinary measures to prevent the Government from reaching the statutory debt limit, or using extraordinary measures once such limit has been reached, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, and Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 2186. A bill to establish a pilot grant 
program to support career and technical edu-cation exploration programs in middle schools and high schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 2187. A bill to direct the Securities 
Exchange Commission to revise its regula-tions regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited investors; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. 
D
EFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. T ORRES ): 
H.R. 2188. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development to pro-vide assistance to eligible nonprofit organi-zations to provide specialized housing and supportive services for elderly persons who are the primary caregivers of children that are related to such persons; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. S
IRES): 
H.R. 2189. A bill to direct the President to 
submit to Congress a report on fugitives cur-rently residing in other countries whose ex-tradition is sought by the United States and related matters; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 2190. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to improve procedures for legal justice for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mrs. 
B
ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DOLD, Ms. E STY, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. L EVIN, 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. N OEM, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L O-
RETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. L EE, Mr. S TIV-
ERS, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey): 
H.R. 2191. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mrs. 
D
AVIS of California, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
SPEIER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 2192. A bill to improve the Higher 
Education Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
P
OCAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OOPER , 
and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 2193. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to modify authorities relating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30AP7.100 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2770 April 30, 2015 
to the collective bargaining of employees in 
the Veterans Health Administration; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. K
ING 
of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
BARLETTA ): 
H.R. 2194. A bill to reauthorize the Low-In-
come Home Energy Assistance Program for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H. Res. 236. A resolution expressing condo-
lences to the family of Dr. Warren Weinstein, and commemorating the life and work of Dr. Warren Weinstein; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): 
H. Res. 237. A resolution declaring that 
achieving the primary goal of the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease of the Department of Health and Human Services to prevent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s disease by 2025 is an urgent national pri-ority; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. 
LEE): 
H. Res. 238. A resolution promoting minor-
ity health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2015, which includes bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaska Natives, 
Asian Americans, African Americans, His-panic Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H. Res. 239. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives with respect to childhood stroke and recognizing May 2015 as ‘‘National Pediatric Stroke Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mrs. 
N
APOLITANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
MOORE , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas): 
H. Res. 240. A resolution recognizing the 
economic, cultural, and political contribu-tions of the Southeast Asian American com-munity at this time of the 40th anniversary of the Khmer Rouge control over Cambodia and the beginning of the Cambodian Geno-cide, and the end of the Vietnam War and Se-cret War in Laos; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
By Miss RICE of New York (for herself, 
Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P EARCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H. Res. 241. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘Alcohol Re-sponsibility Month’’ and supporting the 
goals and ideals of responsible decisions re-garding alcohol; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY ): 
H. Res. 242. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States during Public Service Rec-ognition Week, the week of May 3 through 9, 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 2124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. YARMUTH: 
H.R. 2125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 2126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 2127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 2128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which gives Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises.’’ 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 2130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 
3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 2131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 2132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 (relating to the power 
of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.) 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 2133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 2134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 2136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 2137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 2138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 2139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 2141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L30AP7.100 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2771 April 30, 2015 
By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congressional power to provide for public 
financing of presidential campaigns arises under the General Welfare Clause, Art. I, Sec. 8, of the U. S. Constitution. 
In Buckley v. Valeo, 424 U.S. 1, 91 (1976), 
the Supreme Court upheld the congressional power to enact public financing of presi-dential elections under this Clause. The Su-preme Court stated with regard to the provi-sions in the Federal Election Campaign Act Amendments of 1974 establishing a presi-dential public financing system, ‘‘In this case, Congress was legislating for the ‘gen-eral welfare’—to reduce the deleterious in-fluence of large contributions on our polit-ical process, to facilitate communication by candidates with the electorate, and to free candidates from the rigors of fundraising.’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 2144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CULBERSON: 
H.R. 2145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 2146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article 
I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 2147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 6, Con-
gress has the authority to coin money, regu-late the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and meas-ures. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 2148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 2149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 2150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 2152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 2153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 2154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. FUDGE: 
H.R. 2155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce 
Clause. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 2156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare) and Clause 3 (Commerce) ‘Congress shall have the power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare’ 
‘Congress shall have the power . . . to reg-
ulate Commerce’ 
The Medicare Audit Improvement Act 
makes several changes to the way hospital audits are conducted which involves at least three parties: a hospital, a private Medicare contractor who conducts audits and the Cen-ter for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Dur-ing the auditing process, transactions take place between these parties which is what constitutes this bill as regulating commerce. Further, Medicare is considered to be con-stitutional as part of providing for the gen-eral welfare and therefore any changes to Medicare would fall under this provision as well. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2164. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2165. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 2166. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2167. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, sec. 8, cl. 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; 
U.S. Cont. art. IV, sec. 3, cl. 2, sen. a The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rule and Regula-tions respecting the Territory of other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: 
H.R. 2168. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power of Congress to make rules for 
the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 2169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 2170. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. LABRADOR: 
H.R. 2171. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 
The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 2172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution, which allows Congress to regulate Commerce among the several States 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 2173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 2174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 2175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 2176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 2177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.110 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2772 April 30, 2015 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H.R. 2178. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mr. MEEHAN: 
H.R. 2179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 2181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power To . . . reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, . . . 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 2183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the US 
Constitution: The Congress shall have power to borrow Money on the credit of the United States; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. The Con-gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 2184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SANFORD: 
H.R. 2185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . pay the Debts’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . borrow Money on the credit of the United States;’’ 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 2187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform 
throughout the United States 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 2188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . . 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 2189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 2190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 2191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2192. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 2193. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 2194. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 156: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 213: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 232: Mr. Y OHOand Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 251: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 292: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
HIMES, and Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 329: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 335: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 358: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 359: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 379: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 402: Mr. B OST. H.R. 465: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, Mr. R EED, Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND . 
H.R. 511: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 535: Mr. C OFFMAN , Miss R ICEof New 
York, and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 539: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ISHOP  
of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 540: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 546: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 563: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 578: Mr. B UCKand Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 592: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 606: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 609: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 616: Ms. B ORDALLO and Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 619: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 624: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 625: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 649: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 672: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 702: Mr. C OLEand Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 727: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 738: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 767: Mr. C OLEand Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 774: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 784: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 789: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 793: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 799: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts and 
Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 842: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Ms. G RANGER , and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 868: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York. 
H.R. 879: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P EARCE , and 
Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 881: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 902: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 911: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 915: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 921: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D ENT, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 939: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 952: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. E LLISON , and 
Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 980: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 985: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 989: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1060: Mr. D ENHAM and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. F ORTENBERRY and Mr. 
GUINTA . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1188: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H ARPER , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
KIND, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1203: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. L AMBORN , and Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana. 
H.R. 1250: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1258: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.113 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2773 April 30, 2015 
H.R. 1282: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. I SSA and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1308: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1323: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1331: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and 
Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1364: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1375: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P OCAN , 
and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. 
DAVIS of California. 
H.R. 1414: Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. 
RUIZ, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1439: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 1464: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
OLSON . 
H.R. 1503: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1519: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1555: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. K IND, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. 
CICILLINE . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 1598: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1600: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1602: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1633: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1634: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1635: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1664: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 1674: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1713: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1714: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
ROGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1734: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. T URNER , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
DUFFY , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
HULTGREN , and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. F LORES , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1752: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1768: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C OOK and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia. H.R. 1786: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
NORCROSS , Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1795: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1801: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1814: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
MOULTON , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. L OFGREN , and 
Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1818: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1908: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
LEWIS, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1924: Mr. B ECERRA . 
H.R. 1937: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. 
OLSON . 
H.R. 1956: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1957: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1958: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1959: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1960: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1961: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 2006: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2007: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. Ca ´rdenas, and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2031: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2033: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. L ORETTA SA´NCHEZ of California, 
Mr. P OLIS, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2068: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 2109: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. 
VALADAO . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M ATSUI , 
and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.J. Res. 36: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.J. Res. 44: Mr. H ILL. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
PAULSEN , and Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Con. Res. 33: Mr. Z INKE. 
H. Con. Res. 35: Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. M EEKS . 
H. Res. 14: Ms. G RAHAM . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan. 
H. Res. 110: Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H. Res. 112: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 181: Mr. W EBER of Texas. H. Res. 186: Ms. L EE. 
H. Res. 203: Ms. L EE. 
H. Res. 216: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H. Res. 224: Mr. S TEWART and Mr. C ON-
NOLLY . 
H. Res. 226: Mr. C HABOT . 
H. Res. 235 : Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H ECKof Washington, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
[Omitted from the Record of April 29, 2015] 
OFFERED BYMS. DONNA F. E DWARDS  
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative Donna F. Edwards or a designee to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Pro-tection Act, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MR. DENT 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceil-ing Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification num-ber 1904–AC87. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 24: Page 29, line 2, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $25,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $25,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 25: Page 29, line 15, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $125,000,000)’’. 
Page 31, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-
sert ‘‘(increased by $105,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to expand pluto-nium pit production capacity at the PF-4 fa-cility at Los Alamos National Laboratory. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ELLISON  
AMENDMENT NO. 27: Page 22, line 20, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $45,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $45,000,000)’’. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MS. TITUS 
AMENDMENT NO. 28: Page 25, line 13, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $150,000,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $150,000,000)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.118 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2774 April 30, 2015 
H.R. 2028 
OFFERED BY: MR. BURGESS  
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used— 
(1) to implement or enforce section 
430.32(x) of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or 
(2) to implement or enforce the standards 
established by the tables contained in sec-tion 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295(i)(1)(B)) 
with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. 
H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MR. QUIGLEY  
AMENDMENT NO. 30: Page 29, line 2, after 
the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $167,050,000)’’. 
Page 57, line 11, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $167,050,000)’’. H.R. 2028 
O
FFERED BY: MS. DELBENE 
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds in this Act 
may be available for the purchase by the De-partment of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and indus-trial base. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP7.106 H30APPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2543 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 2015 No. 64 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To-
day’s opening prayer will be offered by Peter Milner, chaplain of the North Carolina Senate in Raleigh, NC. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Heavenly Father, You have been our 
dwelling place for all generations. Be-fore the mountains were brought forth, You were God. So we bow our heads and our hearts before You, and we seek Your guidance as a nation. We are crip-pled without Your help and helpless without Your steadfast love. Come to our assistance. Make haste to help us. Forgive us of our sin, O Lord, and wipe away the tears from our eyes. 
We are so grateful for this day. We 
come boldly to Your throne of grace, and we bring our weaknesses, we bring our doubts and our requests, and we submit our pleas before You, a holy and a good God. Have compassion on the lonely, and grant peace to the bro-kenhearted. 
Hear all these prayers, O Lord, and 
bless all of those Members assembled here. Pour out the oil of Your gladness down upon this Nation, upon these pro-ceedings, upon this government, and towards every one of these hard-work-ing representatives of Your people. 
It is in Jesus’s Name we pray. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The Senator from North 
Carolina. WELCOMING THE GUEST 
CHAPLAIN 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise 
today to welcome to this body a friend and a fellow North Carolinian, Peter Milner. Chaplain Milner serves the North Carolina General Assembly as the State’s senate chaplain. 
A fellow Demon Deacon and an alum-
na of Wake Forest, he received his un-dergraduate degree in sociology and re-ligion. While at Wake Forest, Chaplain Milner was instrumental in the cre-ation of the Wake Forest Volunteer Service Corps, which engages hundreds of students, faculty, and staff to par-ticipate in community-based organiza-tions. 
After completing his undergraduate 
work at Wake Forest, he went on to earn his master’s in secondary social studies education to become a high school teacher. Called to the ministry after his first year of teaching, he at-tended Duke Divinity School, where he thrived in his role as resident coordi-nator of Emmaus House in Raleigh, which provides safe, affordable housing for working homeless men recovering from substance dependency. Chaplain Milner’s devotion to and passion for helping the homeless is unwavering and very clear. I saw it for myself when I first met Peter a few years ago at a homeless center in Raleigh, NC. 
Besides his tireless work on behalf of 
the homeless, Chaplain Milner has been instrumental in improving the lives of students, medical patients, and—a cause very important to North Caro-linians, including me—our Nation’s veterans. Because of his work as an outreach specialist for veterans at StepUp Ministry, Chaplain Milner es-tablished an important link between veterans in need and the business com-munity. His hard work continues to help struggling veterans achieve stable lives through employment counseling and life skills training. 
The North Carolina General Assem-
bly is blessed to have a man who has devoted his life to causes much larger 
than himself. But of all that he has ac-complished in life so far, he says his greatest accomplishment is being a husband to his bride of 13 years, Anna, and a father to their two beautiful chil-dren, Silas and Josie, who are all with us today. 
Chaplain Milner, I thank you for 
leading our Chamber in prayer today, and I welcome you. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I thank 
Chaplain Milner for being here. 
I want to talk about a friend. He is 
somebody who blessed our legislature during the time I was speaker of the house. 
I will not repeat all of the things 
Peter has done for the community. I want to speak specifically about what he has done for the State chamber and the general assembly, the part where I was speaker. He was a calm presence in an otherwise chaotic environment called the legislative body—not unlike the one we have here. He is always somebody you can look to for guidance, support, and for inspiration, and for that, I thank him. 
I will also say—you notice he is a lit-
tle bit tall. He played basketball at Wake. 
We have this rivalry with South 
Carolina. We play basketball every year. We get together and we either travel down to South Carolina or the legislature comes here. I played on that basketball team for 4 years. In each of those 4 years, we were hopeful that Peter would play with us, but for some reason he didn’t. Now, the only thing that I see differently—he is play-ing this year, since my departure. 
I hope your decision to play isn’t be-
cause of my exit, Peter. 
I thank you for being here and for 
your contribution to the community. I welcome your family, who I believe is in the Chamber today. I hope you enjoy today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.000 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2544 April 30, 2015 
On behalf of all Members who benefit 
from your guidance and your spiritual presence and guidance in the State of North Carolina and the general assem-bly, thank you, and welcome. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
PACQUIAO-MAYWEATHER FIGHT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as some 
know, I fought a little bit. I was in the minor leagues for a couple of years. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, in 
Nevada, on Saturday night, in Las Vegas, there is going to be a stunning athletic event, one of the most signifi-cant athletic events, actually, in the last 50 years. It is a wonderful occasion for Nevada to host the fight between Manny Pacquiao—I should say Con-gressman Pacquiao, who is a member of the Philippine Congress—and Floyd Mayweather. They will be battling for three separate titles. They are fighting for the 147-pound weight class—for all the people who think that is small, that is the class that—we have had some of our great fighters of all time who have fought that same weight level. 
These are two great athletes. The 
winner of the match will be crowned as the greatest pound for pound fighter in the world, and they will go down as two of the finest fighters ever in the his-tory of the world. So regardless of who wins, this bout is projected to shatter boxing records for not only being a sig-nificant boxing match—the focus of the world will be on this fight. People all over the world will be watching this fight. 
They don’t really know how many 
pay-per-view purchases are expected, but I made one last night. I was plan-ning on going to the fight, but, as my friend the Presiding Officer knows, things have changed over the years. If we want to get one of those good seats, we have to pay for it. I have been will-ing to do that in the past, but the traf-fic was a little too heavy there, so I de-cided to watch it here with some of my family. But I am so happy that the pay-per-view purchases are expected to exceed 3 million people, and they won’t get it any cheaper than I did—$99.95. So it is wonderful that all previous records will be broken as to revenue. 
The only thing I don’t like about it is 
the fight doesn’t start back here until 9 o’clock and usually they don’t end until midnight. I wish they would start a little earlier, but, as I have learned with my baseball, they just start them later back here. 
I am very excited about this unfor-
gettable fight. There is nothing like a championship fight. There is nothing like one that has all this attention. 
After I started practicing law, I 
started judging fights. I was on the Ne-vada fight commission, and I judged fights. I judged lots of fights. I can re-
member the first big fight I went to. Oh, it was a big fight. I walked in there, and I couldn’t imagine there would be that much attention on any-thing. Of course, there were thousands of people there. I was excited. I was going to judge one of the preliminary fights. It was stunning. You see ring-side all of these glamorous, important people. These fights catch the enthu-siasm of sports fans all over the world. 
The eagerness that I have of watch-
ing this fight goes far beyond the sport of boxing or the spectacle of a marquis matchup. I am thrilled for Nevada. This fight will inject hundreds of mil-lions of dollars into the State’s econ-omy. It will benefit Nevadans all— fighters and their teams, of course, ho-tels, restaurants, cab drivers, lim-ousine drivers, parking valets, maids will get bigger tips than they usually get. It will be a great time for Nevada. 
So I have done everything I can with-
in my power here as a Member of the legislature to help in any way that I can. I have interceded on a couple of occasions to help make this fight move forward, and I was very happy to do so. 
I love this sport. Some of my most 
prized possessions in my home are fight pictures. I have one picture of the great Joe Louis and Max Schmeling, and they both signed that picture be-fore they died. I had the good fortune, when Joe Louis spent so much time at Caesars Palace, to have met him. I have pictures hanging on my wall of my dear father-in-law, who worked with fighters. I have a picture on the wall—they are all together—of him with Jack Dempsey, with Primo Carnera, who was 6 foot 7, a huge man—my father-in-law was about 5 foot 5—Sugar Ray Robinson. All these—not all of them, but many great fighters are there with my father-in- law. I love that picture, and it reminds me of my minor league experience in boxing. 
I am very excited about watching 
this fight. 
Las Vegas has been the entertain-
ment capital of the world for a long time, and we are happy that, in fact, is the case. But a few short years ago, as the Presiding Officer knows, we were hit very hard. The debacle that took place on Wall Street hurt Nevada more than any other place. We have been re-covering. We haven’t recovered totally, but we have recovered significantly. 
The 2008 economic collapse took a 
heavy toll on Nevada. A quarter of Ne-vadans are employed in the tourism and hospitality industry, and when the recession hit, they got hurt, as did all working classes—construction workers; everybody got hurt—but we fought our way back. 
Last year, we welcomed to Las Vegas 
41 million people—little Las Vegas, 41 million people. It is not so little, but the Presiding Officer and I remember when it was a little place. But now it is a community with a metropolitan area of over 2 million people. Forty-one mil-lion people have come to Las Vegas and 
produced an economic impact of more than $50 billion. We shattered previous records by attracting 1.4 million more visitors than we did—in 2014. So it is only going to get better, and the Pacquiao-Mayweather fight will keep that momentum going for Nevada. 
I am not picking a winner. I wish 
both men the best of luck. But, admit-tedly, I am a little biased because of my relationship with Manny Pacquiao. 
As the Presiding Officer will remem-
ber, one of my real campaigners in one of my difficult races was Manny Pacquiao. He campaigned for me. He broke training to come out of L.A., flew in for a big event I had one night. So you have to remember that kind of stuff. So I have a very good relation-ship with Manny Pacquiao. Certainly, I don’t have a bad one with Floyd Mayweather, but I know Manny Pacquiao much better than I know Floyd Mayweather. He stood in my cor-ner in the past, and he will always have my support. 
Regardless, though, of which fighter 
reigns supreme on that Saturday night—and one of them will. They are alone. Nobody is there with them. Re-gardless of who leaves the arena with that big belt, Nevada’s hard-working economy will have won the fight. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate will soon resume consideration of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. I expect we will consider several amendments today, and I continue to encourage Senators to come to the floor and offer them. 
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review 
Act is bipartisan legislation that will ensure that Congress and the American people have a chance to review any comprehensive agreement reached with Iran, and it ensures they will be able to do so before congressional sanctions are lifted. 
Here is why that is critical. First, 
these sanctions are a big reason why America was able even to bring Iran to the table in the first place. We shouldn’t be giving up that leverage now without the American people, through the Members of Congress they elect, having a chance to weigh in. Quite simply, the American people ex-pect us to have an opportunity to evaluate this agreement or not. 
Second, Iran wouldn’t just use the 
funds derived from sanctions relief to rebuild its economy. It is certain to use that money to fund proxy forces such as Hezbollah and to prop up the Assad regime. What is clear is that Iran is de-termined to use every tool—to use every tool—at its disposal to expand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.001 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2545 April 30, 2015 
aggressively its sphere of influence 
across the greater Middle East. 
The regime’s belligerent behavior in 
the Strait of Hormuz was just another reminder of that fact. But it reminds us of something else, too—our need to invest in the naval and seaborne expe-ditionary capabilities in the Persian Gulf, which will be necessary not just to retain dominance at sea but to con-tain Iran’s military and irregular forces, as well. 
Today, though—today—we are fo-
cused on one point above all else—that the American people and Congress de-serve a say before any congressional sanctions are lifted. At the very least, sanctions should not be lifted before the Iranians fully disclose all aspects of research and development as it re-lates to the potential military dimen-sions of their nuclear program. Yet the interim agreement, as it has been ex-plained to Congress, would bestow international recognition to Iran’s re-search and development program, along with an international blessing for Iran to become a nuclear threshold state poised at the edge of developing a nuclear weapon. It is frightening to think what Iran might be able to achieve covertly in that context. 
Now, to a lot of Americans this all 
sounds quite different from what they were led to believe a deal with Iran would actually be about—preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and dismantling Iran’s enrichment ca-pability. But that apparently has al-ready been given away. So the Amer-ican people deserve a say through their Members of Congress. The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act will ensure Congress gets a vote either to approve or disapprove of the comprehensive agreement. 
Just as President Obama’s successor 
will need to modernize our military to deal with the challenges posed by Iran’s aggression, so will the Presi-dent’s successor want to consider Congress’s view of any comprehensive deal. A failed resolution of approval, as the bill before us would permit, would send an unmistakable signal about con-gressional opposition to lifting sanc-tions. Let me say that again. A failed resolution of approval, permitted under this bill, would send an unmistakable signal about congressional opposition to lifting sanctions. 
So now is the time for Congress to in-
vest in the capabilities President Obama’s successor may need to use to end Iran’s nuclear weapons program if the Iranians covertly pursue a weapon or violate the terms of the ultimate agreement. And now is the time for Congress to pass the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, on a dif-
ferent matter, Mr. President, I was glad to see yesterday’s announcement of a budget conference agreement. That means Congress is now one step closer to passing a balanced budget that sup-
ports a healthy economy, funds na-tional defense, strengthens Medicare, and begins to tackle our debt problems without taking more money from hard- working Americans. 
It is a balanced budget that could 
help lead to more than 1 million addi-tional jobs and boost our economy by nearly half a trillion dollars, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office. In short, it is a balanced budget that is all about the future. That is also why it provides a tool for the Senate majority to repeal a failed policy of the past—ObamaCare—so we can start over with real patient-cen-tered health reform. 
This is a good balanced budget every 
Senator should want to support, and I look forward to the Senate taking up the budget agreement next week. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1191, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1140, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1179 (to 
amendment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agree-ment. 
Blunt amendment No. 1155 (to amendment 
No. 1140), to extend the requirement for an-nual Department of Defense reports on the military power of Iran. 
Vitter modified amendment No. 1186 (to 
amendment No. 1179), to require an assess-ment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 1149 to declare that any agreement reached by the Presi-dent relating to the nuclear program of Iran is a congressional-executive agree-ment to be considered under the expe-dited procedure in both Houses of Con-gress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CARDIN. Reserving the right to 
object, Mr. President, we have been proceeding now for about a week. We have had a good debate on issues. Many Members are working with Senator C
ORKER and me to clear their amend-
ments so they are consistent with the overall objective that was supported by the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee by a 19-to-0 vote, and we are going to continue to work on that process in the orderly consideration of amendments. 
For that reason, I must object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps if the Sen-
ator from Maryland will listen to my explanation of what this amendment does, he will withdraw his objection. 
During our debate on Tuesday, when 
I offered an amendment to deem the agreement between Iran and America— well, actually and the world—a treaty subject to the advice and consent of the Senate, the Senator from Maryland spoke about one of the objections to the treaty. He said: 
Secondly, I don’t know how we are going to 
explain it to our colleagues in the House of Representatives. The Presiding Officer served in the House. I served in the House. Senator Menendez served in the House. The 
last time I checked, we imposed these sanc-tions because the bill passed both the Senate and the House, and now we are saying that the approval process is going to ignore the House of Representatives, solely going to be a matter for the U.S. Senate on a ratifica-tion of a treaty? That does not seem like a workable solution. 
Now, Mr. President, I appreciate the 
fact that the Senator from Tennessee and the Senator from Maryland did not object to my raising my first amend-ment to deem it a treaty. And of course this body then voted on that, and I ap-preciate that fact. And I accept the verdict of this Chamber that they did not want to deem this agreement a treaty—fair enough. 
But I would like to quote, in addition 
to the Senator from Maryland, the Senator from Tennessee in arguing against deeming this a treaty. The Senator from Tennessee said: ‘‘We think the President has the ability to negotiate things.’’ 
Well, first off all, I agree with that. 
Article II, section 2 states: ‘‘He [The President] shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur. ...  ’ ’  
So that actually is the constitutional 
method for making agreements be-tween nations—having the President negotiate that. I completely agree. We can’t have 535 negotiators. But we cer-tainly should have this body involved in those agreements. We should have a role. We should have a robust role. And, of course, I believe it is so impor-tant, that this has such an effect and that it risks so much for this Nation, that I believe it should be a treaty. But again, fair enough—this body deemed it would not be a treaty. The Senator from Tennessee went on to say: 
We had no idea this President would con-
sider suspending these sanctions ad infi-nitum, forever—no idea. I think even people on the other side of the aisle were shocked. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.003 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2546 April 30, 2015 
We were shocked. Yes, we granted 
those waivers for national security. We did not believe those waivers would be abused the way they are being abused right now. 
The Senator from Tennessee also 
went on to say: ‘‘This is one of the big-gest geopolitical issues that will poten-tially happen if an agreement is reached in our lifetime here in the Sen-ate.’’ 
Once again, I agree with the Senator 
from Tennessee. This is a huge geo-political issue. And right now this ad-ministration deems that agreement on its own authority, an executive agree-ment, and really, at this point in time, we have no role. There is no involve-ment. The Senator from Tennessee went on to say: ‘‘Look, I have strong agreement with the sentiment of our Senator from Wisconsin.’’ Again, he is agreeing with the fact that this really should rise to the level of a treaty. 
He also went on to say: ‘‘Without the 
bill that is on the floor, the American people will never see it.’’ 
Think of that. Think of an agreement 
between Iran, as it is being described— and, as I say, nobody really knows yet, but what I believe is being described to us—puts Iran on a path for a nuclear weapon. How many years has it been that Presidents from both parties and Members of Congress from both parties have stood and said very forcefully that we simply cannot allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon? Now we may be facing an agreement between this country, other nations of the world, and Iran that actually puts Iran on a path for a nuclear agreement. 
The Senator from Tennessee is cor-
rect. I hope he is not correct, but I think he may be correct that right now this President has no duty to bring that agreement to the American peo-ple. I do happen to believe that public pressure would be so great that the American people would not tolerate that level of brazenness, that level of arrogance on the part of any adminis-tration or any President to do a deal, to make an agreement of such import that before implementing that agree-ment the President of the United States would not bring that agreement to the American people and subject it to, in some shape or form, the advice and consent of either this Chamber or Congress as a whole. 
The final quote from the Senator 
from Tennessee is this. He said: 
Now, look, if I could wave a magic wand or 
all of a sudden donkeys flew around the Cap-itol, I would love for us to have the ability to deem this a treaty. I really would. 
Well, if the agreement that President 
Obama is talking about in its current framework is agreed to between this administration and the other negoti-ating partners and Iran, we better all hope that donkeys start flying around the Capitol, because that agreement, as it is being described to us, would put Iran on the path to be a nuclear power. That would destabilize not only the re-gion, but it would destabilize the world. It would lead to an enormous 
amount of nuclear proliferation within the region. It is a very bad deal. It is very risky for this Nation. It affects this Nation. 
Let me just go through the three 
forms of international agreements. There are no set criteria in terms of what is a treaty, what is a congres-sional-executive agreement or what is simply an executive agreement. There are considerations. There is precedent. 
I go to the Foreign Affairs Manual at 
the State Department, and they lay out the considerations; what should be considered in determining what an agreement is—a treaty, a congres-sional-executive agreement or just an executive agreement. The first consid-eration is the extent to which the agreement involves commitments or risks affecting the Nation as a whole. 
The third consideration is whether 
the agreement can be given effect with-out the enactment of subsequent legis-lation by Congress. 
Well, the fact that we have this bill 
proves the fact that it needs subse-quent legislation by Congress. 
The fifth consideration is the pref-
erence of the Congress as to a par-ticular type of agreement. Well, that is what we are talking about here—the Congress weighing in, in the form of my amendment, to say we want a role, we want a more robust role than is cur-rently offered in this bill. 
The seventh is the proposed duration 
of the agreement. We are going to be living with the impact, the effect, the results, the collateral damage of this agreement between Iran and the other negotiating parties for a very, very, very long time. So based on those con-siderations, based on the fact that in the State Department’s own Foreign Affairs Manual in determining whether something is a treaty or an executive agreement or a congressional executive agreement, there should be consulta-tion with Congress. I consider this amendment consultation with Con-gress. 
Again, all I am asking in this amend-
ment is to provide a minimal—a mini-mal constitutional threshold, a min-imum constitutional role for Congress in affirmatively approving a deal be-tween Iran and the rest of the world and America. 
So all this amendment really does, in 
effect, is just asks the President to bring the agreement before the Amer-ican people, before this Congress, allow us to have input, to affirmatively ap-prove this in both Chambers, both the House and the Senate, with a mere ma-jority vote of both Chambers. Because what is currently on the floor in this bill—and, again, I have a great deal of respect for the Senator from Ten-nessee. I know in his heart he believes this Senate, this Congress, should have a far more robust role and involvement in such a consequential agreement, but I also realize the challenge he has had dealing with our friends on the other side of the aisle and how very little in-volvement they are willing to agree to 
for this Senate and for this Congress. 
If the bill is passed, we need to clar-
ify what that means in terms of ap-proval. Probably the best way for me to point that out is I had a third amendment I tried to offer. It was an amendment that was going to specifi-cally describe what this bill does with a vote of disapproval, what that threshold really means in terms of ap-proval of this very consequential deal. So I offered an amendment: I called it a very low threshold for approval of a congressional-executive agreement. It would have allowed the agreement be-tween Iran and the rest of the world to be approved by this body, by this Con-gress, with a majority vote in the House and a vote of only 34 Senators in this body. 
Now, very appropriately, that amend-
ment was ruled out of order. It was ruled unconstitutional by the Parlia-mentarian, as it should have been, be-cause that is not approval of a process. That is not the way Congress should weigh in, have input, be involved in such a consequential agreement. But that is exactly—in a very convoluted process of votes of disapproval, that would have to be, first of all, voted on by 60 Senators. Then, of course, if that is vetoed, we would have to override that veto with 67 Senators and two- thirds majority in the House. 
Again, what this bill does, it will 
allow a very bad deal—potentially very bad deal—between Iran and the rest of the world and America to be approved with a majority vote in the House and a vote of only 34 Senators in this Chamber. 
Again, with that reality, with that 
clarity of what this bill does, the min-imum role, the minimum role that this bill allows, I would urge all of my col-leagues to support my amendment that provides for what should be the min-imum involvement of Congress: a ma-jority vote, an affirmative vote of ap-proval in both the House and the Sen-ate to any deal this administration concludes with Iran. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Wisconsin for his great service on the Foreign Relations Committee. 
I think he knows there is another 
amendment offered by another Sen-ator, the Senator from Texas, that I think is very similar to this, and we are working right now with the other side to try to bring that up. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator 
yield? 
Mr. CORKER. Sure. Mr. JOHNSON. The difference be-
tween the two, as I understand them, is the amendment of the Senator from Texas would actually have a higher threshold. I think it would rise to a 60- vote threshold. I am not asking that. I am actually asking something less than that, to again clarify what this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.004 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2547 April 30, 2015 
bill allows in terms of approval by this 
Chamber. 
So even though we discussed this ear-
lier, I don’t believe I can combine the two because I think it is important to clarify the issue with an amendment that requires what I really do believe— truly believe—should be the minimum, the minimum role, the minimum af-firmative approval of disagreement: a mere majority vote in both Chambers. That is so reasonable. That is the min-imum role the American people ought to have in terms of having a say in this. 
I have never insisted on an amend-
ment in 4 years in the Senate. I feel so deeply about this that I really ask both the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from Tennessee, please, just allow a vote on this one amendment. 
Mr. CORKER. If I could, Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator is right; he doesn’t offer many amendments, nor do I. But the very first amendment we voted on was the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin. 
We had a conversation yesterday 
which I thought led to us considering combining this request with the re-quest from Senator C
RUZ, and I know 
we are working on that particular issue. But I understand, and we are try-ing to process these. I think he knows we are trying to process votes, and the very first one we processed was the one from the Senator from Wisconsin. 
I do appreciate his concerns. I think 
he knows I share his concerns about this agreement. I am trying to get done what is possible. Again, if I could wave a wand and cause the national security waivers that Senator J
OHNSON , myself, 
Senator C ARDIN , and others voted for 
years ago when we put the sanctions in place—if I could wave a wand and those would go away, then we would be in a position where we would actually need to have an affirmative vote. 
But I do appreciate his concerns. I 
think he knows we are trying to work through amendments down here, and I appreciate his patience as we do so. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I join 
Senator C
ORKER . Senator J OHNSON is a 
very valued member of the Senate For-eign Relations Committee. I enjoy working with him on U.N. issues. The two of us are the Senate representa-tives to the United Nations this year and I know his passion on these issues, but I just want to underscore a couple points. 
Right now, as of last night, there 
were 66 amendments that had been filed to this bill that came out of the committee 19 to 0. The number of Re-publican amendments were 66; the number of Democratic amendments were zero. 
I point that out because we are try-
ing to maintain the bipartisan coopera-tion we have had through this process so the Senate can speak with a united voice, because that gives us the strong-est possible message as to the congres-
sional role. 
I must state, this is a delicate bal-
ance how we brought this bill forward. I don’t think I am underestimating the surprise we received from our col-leagues when they heard there was a 19-to-0 vote in our committee. 
There are so many Members who are 
working with us who have filed amend-ments—and I thank each one of them— trying to find areas where we, as we worked in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, can find a common spot to be able to advance those amendments. I am optimistic and Sen-ator C
ORKER is optimistic that we are 
going to be able to deal with many of the issues the Republican Members have brought up and the amendments they have filed. 
But in direct response to Senator 
J
OHNSON , let me point out, the sanc-
tions were imposed by the U.S. Con-gress, by votes of the House and the Senate, and the signature of the Presi-dent. What is being negotiated between our negotiating partners, the United States, and Iran, is an agreement—if they are successful, if the deal is struck—that will prevent Iran from be-coming a nuclear weapons state and will provide, over time, relief from Iran from the international and U.S. sanc-tions that have been imposed. That is the framework. 
We know the sanctions brought them 
to the table. We all understand that, and we are very proud of the role we played, but it is Congress, and only Congress, that can permanently change or modify that sanctions regime. 
We are going to have to act. So I just 
take exception with Senator J
OHNSON ’s 
view that we are not going to act. We are going to act because only we can permanently change the regime. But what this bill gives us is an orderly way to consider the congressional re-view of this agreement or deal when it is finally reached. 
I just wish my colleagues would not 
prejudge this. I have heard so many people say something is going to hap-pen. We don’t know what the agree-ment is going to be. We don’t even know if they are going to be able to come in with an agreement, but I will say this about the Obama administra-tion. When they came out with the framework agreement, there were many Members of this Chamber who said Iran will never live up to the com-mitments in the framework agreement; that they would break out, they would not pull back, as they are committed to doing, and the sanctions regime would not be able to stay in effect. And guess what. A year later they have complied with the framework agree-ment, and they have in fact—the sanc-tion regime has held tight during this period of time with our negotiating partners. 
Do I share many of the concerns of 
my friend from Wisconsin? I do. I do share those concerns. I am concerned as to whether the agreement will, in fact, be strong enough to prevent Iran 
from becoming a nuclear weapons state. That is what we are going to look at in our committee, if we can pass this bill in the same bipartisan manner in which we did in committee— if we can do that, the Senator from Wisconsin, the chairman, the ranking member, all of us in the Senate For-eign Relations Committee are going to get all the documents, we are going to have time to review it and be able to answer those questions. The vote we are having on the floor this week is whether we are going to have that op-portunity. 
I know these amendments are well 
intended. I understand that. I under-stand the deep feelings each Member has. But the bottom line, if the amend-ment my friend is talking about got on the bill, we are not going to get that review, we are not going to have that orderly process. That is the fact. 
So I think the debate on the floor is 
critically important. We have been de-bating this bill for a week. We started last Thursday, 19-to-0 vote in com-mittee, not a single Democratic amendment. We think it is time to move this bill forward to the United States House of Representatives. 
And, yes, Senator C
ORKER and I are 
going to accommodate the suggestions that have been made by Members. We are finding a way to do that, and we are going to continue to work that path. But at the end of the day, this is a very serious issue, and I agree com-pletely with Senator G
RAHAM and the 
comments he has made. This is an ex-tremely important issue. It has to rise above our individual desires so, collec-tively, we can achieve something for the American people. That is what they want us to do. We have it in our grasps. 
I applaud the leadership of Senator 
C
ORKER . He has to work with all the 
Republican amendments that have been filed. Believe me, there is a lot of frustration on the Democratic caucus, also as to why this bill is still on the floor and hasn’t passed by now. But if we get everybody’s patience, I am con-fident Senator C
ORKER and I will be 
able to work together so we can accom-modate the reasonable requests of our Members and get this bill moving to the United States House of Representa-tives. 
But let us maintain the balance that 
the Senator Foreign Relations Com-mittee did, and let us do what the American people want us to do and that is to listen to each other. We have different views. I understand that. But the way we can reach common ground is to listen to each other and reach a reasonable compromise that doesn’t compromise the principles of what we are trying to achieve. That is exactly what the Senate Foreign Relations Committee bill does. I urge my col-leagues to exercise some restraint. Let’s get this bill to the House of Rep-resentatives. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.005 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2548 April 30, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to respond to the point frequently made by the supporters of this bill that this is the only way—the only way— that this body, the Congress, the Sen-ate and the House, will receive the de-tails of the deal. What the Senator from Maryland is saying is that this President, our Commander in Chief, will be so brazen, so arrogant as to ne-gotiate and conclude an agreement of such import, of such consequence, and he would then keep it secret from the American people in this Congress. I hope that is not so. But if that is truly the belief, I would be happy to modify my amendment to require that same disclosure of the information of the de-tails of the agreement. I would be happy to do that. I would be happy to work with the other side to do so. But barring that agreement, I am still urg-ing my colleagues and I am urging this body to allow a vote on my amend-ment, to clarify what this bill is and what it is not. It is not advice and con-sent. It is the minimum—the min-imum—threshold, the minimum in-volvement, the minimum input on the part of the American people through their elected representatives to pass judgment to approve affirmatively such a consequential agreement with a mere majority of votes of both Cham-bers of Congress. Is that asking so much? 
It is true that we passed this bill out 
of the Foreign Relations Committee with a unanimous vote, because we were granted assurances. I realize this is a delicate negotiation. I realize our friends on the other side of the aisle simply refuse to have what I consider a minimum involvement. 
Again, I appreciate and applaud Sen-
ator C
ORKER for doing a bipartisan 
agreement, for reaching that agree-ment. But our understanding was that this would be a completely open amendment process. 
The Senator from Maryland points 
out that there are 66 amendments to 1. Let’s start voting on them. We will vote on the one Democratic amend-ment. Let’s start voting on ours. Even-tually, we will tire. Eventually, we will have made our points. Eventually, we will convey to the American public what this bill is and what it is not. 
Again, let me say, for a final time, 
what this bill provides. If passed, sure, we get the information which we should get, regardless, but it sets up a process—a very convoluted process—of votes of disapproval which would re-quire 60 votes in this Chamber to pass. We assume it would be vetoed. Then it would require 67 votes in this Chamber to override the veto and two-thirds of a vote in the House to override that veto. 
In effect—let me clarify one last 
time—instead of requiring the bare minimum of an affirmative vote of a majority of Members of both Chambers of Congress, this bill would allow ap-proval of this agreement by a simple majority in the House and only 34 Sen-
ators providing that rubber stamp of approval to a bill that could be incred-ibly consequential and of which we will live with the consequences—the re-sults—for many, many years to come. 
I yield the floor. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, again, I 
thank the Senator from Wisconsin and appreciate his service and his support of this bill. I agree with him, and I wish it were different than it is. The fact is that we will have a right to vote whether to approve or disapprove the lifting in the normal way, but that will occur 4 or 5 years down the road. I think most of us want to weigh in now before the sanctions regime totally dis-sipates. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to proceed as in morning business in order to introduce a bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1141 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
(The remarks of Mr. B ARRASSO per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1140 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. BARRASSO. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I send 
two amendments to the desk, one for my own and one on behalf of Senator R
UBIO of Florida. 
Mr. President, I have said time and 
again—— 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, has 
there been a unanimous consent re-quest? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
quorum call has been vitiated. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I have 
said time and again that a nuclear- armed Iran is the greatest threat this country faces. I have said time and again that the Senate needs to have votes on the merits of this agreement. 
The President has taken us down a 
very dangerous path. The President has backtracked on his own words. He said that Iran needed to live up to all of its obligations under international law. Yet Iran still has not disclosed the past military dimensions of its nuclear pro-gram. 
The President said, after this negoti-
ating process began in December of 2013, that Iran has no need for a for-tified underground military bunker in Fordow. Yet our negotiators have con-ceded the existence, with centrifuge cascades, of that underground military bunker. 
The President has said we have to 
have fully verifiable, anywhere, any-time access to all sites in Iran to en-sure they are not cheating on any agreement—to include their military sites. Yet the leaders of Iran continue to say that we won’t be able to access their military sites. There will be no intrusive inspections. 
I and the Senator from Florida, as 
well as many other Senators, have sub-mitted multiple amendments to ask for votes on these points. We have been consistently blocked from bringing up these amendments for a vote. 
It is fine if you want to vote no. If 
you think Iran should keep an under-ground fortified military bunker with centrifuge cascades. It is fine if you don’t think they should have to dis-close the past military dimensions of their nuclear program, but we need to vote. We need to vote now. 
It is even fine if you agree with those 
points and that you think this is a deli-cate agreement that has to be pre-vented from being amended in any way. But we need to vote. 
If you don’t want to vote, you 
shouldn’t have come to the Senate. If you are in the Senate and you don’t want to vote, you should leave. As the Senator from Florida said yesterday, be a talk show host, be a columnist. It is time we have a vote at a simple ma-jority threshold on all of these critical points. 
We are talking about a nuclear Iran, 
the most dangerous threat to our na-tional security. 
So the amendment I am offering first 
would simply take the language of the bill that came out of the Senate For-eign Relations Committee and add those three points. First, that Iran shouldn’t keep its nuclear facility be-fore it gets sanctions relief; that Iran can’t get sanctions relief until they disclose the past military dimensions of their nuclear program. They can’t get sanctions relief until they accept a fully verifiable inspections regime. 
We deserve a vote on this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.007 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2549 April 30, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1197 
(Purpose: Amendment of a perfecting nature) 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I call up 
my amendment No. 1197 at the desk to the text proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1140. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. C OTTON ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 1197 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1140. 
Mr. COTTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 1198 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1197 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I also 
call up for Senator R UBIO a second-de-
gree amendment, amendment No. 1198 to amendment No. 1197. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. C OTTON ], 
for Mr. R UBIO, proposes an amendment num-
bered 1198 to amendment No. 1197. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a certification that 
Iran’s leaders have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state) 
On page 3, line 20, of the amendment, 
strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines Iran’s lead-
ers have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, again, 
these amendments would do two very simple things: First, they would re-quire a vote on whether Iran should get sanctions relief before it discloses past military dimensions of its nuclear pro-gram, before it closes its underground fortified bunker at Fordow, and before it submits to a fully verifiable, any-time, anywhere, no-notice inspections regime. Second, they would require Iran to acknowledge Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish democratic state be-fore they get nuclear weapons because they continue to say that Israel would be wiped off the map, and if they get nuclear weapons, they will have the means to do so. 
It is my intent to insist upon a re-
corded vote on these amendments at a simple-majority threshold. The Senate needs to vote. If you disagree with these policies, vote no. If you agree with these policies and you think this will upset a delicate compromise, then vote no and explain that. But we need to vote, and we should start voting. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me 
point out a couple things. There are now 67 amendments, all of which have 
been filed by Republicans, none by Democrats. 
This bill passed the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee 19 to 0. Senator C
ORKER and I have been working with 
Republicans who have filed amend-ments to try to accommodate them, and we have been making progress. We have been trying to schedule additional votes. I thank Senator C
ORKER and 
those who are cooperating with us in a way that we can try to move this bill forward. 
We are prepared to have votes, but I 
think some of the tactics that are now being deployed are going to make it much more difficult for us to be able to proceed in an orderly way. It is every Member’s right to take whatever ac-tions they want to take, but I want to tell you that for those of us who want to get this bill to the finish line, it gets a little frustrating. 
We will continue to focus on a way 
forward on this legislation. But I want to make it clear that we have been pre-pared to find an orderly way to proceed with votes and to deal with the issues Members have been concerned about, but at times it becomes difficult with the procedures that are being used. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank 
the ranking member and the ranking member’s staff. I thank the minority leader’s office for working with us on what was going to be a series of votes, tough votes. I have a sense that the context of this has just changed, and I regret that. 
I have been working with numbers of 
Senators on some really controversial votes that we were willing to make, as we already have. As a matter of fact, the only two votes we have had thus far were considered poison pill votes. My friend from Maryland was willing to have more poison pill votes—if you want to call them that—tough votes, but I sense the context of this may have just changed. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, let’s 
talk about poison pill amendments. I would say these aren’t poison pills; these are vitamin pills. They are de-signed to strengthen this legislation and to strengthen the U.S. negotiating position. 
Who could object that Israel has a 
right to exist as a Jewish state and that Iran should not be allowed a nu-clear weapon if they won’t recognize that right? The President himself said they should close their underground 
fortified military bunker before they get sanctions relief. We are simply ask-ing for a vote on what the President himself has said. 
If the Senator from Maryland wants 
to talk about procedural tactics, let’s be perfectly clear what has happened here. The very first amendment brought to the floor on this bill was de-signed to stop any other amendments from being offered. 
For those of you watching, you 
should know that the only thing that amendment says is that any final agreement must be submitted in Farsi as well as English. That is a non-controversial proposal which I am sure we could adopt by voice vote and move on in an orderly fashion to any other amendments. Yet, they continue to ob-ject to unanimous consent to bring up any other amendments, designed to stop the Senate from having to cast these votes. 
The amendments we have offered are 
no more of a procedural tactic than what the Senator from Maryland him-self is doing—an amendment that could have been offered in committee, an amendment that could have been voted on easily on Tuesday when it was of-fered but is being used to block consid-eration of any other amendment. 
These are not tough votes. These 
should be easy votes. Again, if you want to vote no, vote no. If you want to vote no and say it is designed to pro-tect a compromise, do that. But we should be voting. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I 
know the Senator from Arkansas knows I have no issue with taking tough votes, and I would take them all day long. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD— VETO 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, 
under the previous order, I ask that the Chair lay before the Senate the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the veto message. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, a 
joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.011 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2550 April 30, 2015 
(The text of the President’s veto mes-
sage is printed on page S2094 of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD of April 13, 
2015.) 
The Senate proceeded to reconsider 
the joint resolution. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I 
rise to speak in support of the amend-ment that I plan to submit. It is amendment No. 1173. It is my intention to work with the managers of the Iran bill to get this amendment filed and voted on soon. What I wanted to do is to talk about this amendment for a lit-tle bit. 
I want to begin by complimenting 
Senator C
ORKER , Senator C ARDIN , and 
others who have worked hard on the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. It is a good start to a critically important issue for all of us and for the American people. The amendment that I am proposing and that I am offering today will make that bill stronger, will give leverage to our negotiators, and will make our country more secure. That is our No. 1 priority. That is what this amendment will help us do. 
The simple question this amendment 
proposes is this. Should the United States—our government, we, this body—allow sanctions to be lifted on a country that our own State Depart-ment has designated a state sponsor of terrorism? It is a simple, straight-forward question. 
In my view, the answer is also sim-
ple. The answer is no. Sanctions should not be lifted on a state sponsor of ter-rorism, especially one with a track record like Iran. 
My amendment requires the Presi-
dent of the United States to declare that Iran is no longer a sponsor of state terrorism before lifting sanctions and allowing billions of dollars to flood into that country’s economy. It is that simple. We should not allow, facilitate or encourage billions of dollars to go to a country that sponsors terrorism, be-cause I fear that we have been inured to the issue of state sponsor of ter-rorism. I would like to focus on what that means a little bit. 
Let’s first start with the states that 
are on the list: Yemen, Syria, Sudan, Iran. These countries are all on the list because governments in each state fa-cilitate international terrorism. We are not talking about rogue elements within a country that are killing peo-ple within their own borders. We are talking about governments themselves, the bodies in charge of a country, the bodies making and enforcing a coun-try’s laws, supporting acts of inter-national terrorism, including against 
our own citizens. 
Why is Iran on the list? Since its 
founding in 1979, the leaders of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran and the govern-ment have been sponsoring terrorism. In fact, our State Department has called Iran the world’s most active sponsor of terrorism. Since 1979, Iran has been responsible for taking Amer-ican hostages, for bombing our and our allies’ embassies, and for horrible acts of murder across the globe. 
Here is the key point. It has not 
stopped. According to the State De-partment, Iran continues to support terrorism—Palestinian terrorist groups—and is actively fostering insta-bility throughout the Middle East right now, today. Last month, March 2015, a U.S. Federal judge found Iran complicit in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, the deadliest attack on a 
U.S. Navy vessel since 1987. 
Let’s talk about Iran’s involvement 
in Iraq. I am a Marine Corps Reserve officer. In 2005, I was recalled to Active Duty for a year and a half, serving as a staff officer to the commanding gen-eral of the U.S. Central Command, John Abizaid. During that time, I de-ployed to many parts of the CENTCOM area of responsibility. One of the big-gest concerns—perhaps the biggest con-cern—that we saw in Iraq during that time was the increasing threat to our troops of improvised explosive devices, especially what was referred to as ex-plosively formed projectiles, EFPs, the most deadly and sophisticated IEDs on the battlefield. 
Almost every time I was in Iraq with 
General Abizaid, he and his staff were briefed on the details of this threat, showing captured weapons systems, the twisted, charred remains of military vehicles that had been hit by EFPs. Those EFPs killed more American troops per attack than any other road-side bombs. They blasted through tanks, humvees or anything they hit. They were deadly. They killed and maimed thousands of our troops. 
I still remember the courage and 
trepidation I saw in the eyes of our brave military members who had to face this threat on a daily basis, even some members of this body. To this day, I deeply distrust the leadership of the regime that was responsible for these EFPs. 
Make no mistake, that country was 
Iran. That much was confirmed by our intelligence agencies and the State De-partment. But Iran has never taken re-sponsibility for these deaths, and it has not said that it will stop this kind of terrorism. 
Let me provide an example. In 2007, 
CENTCOM and intelligence officials provided very detailed briefings on the fact that these EFPs were coming from Iran. At the same time, Iran’s U.N. Ambassador wrote an op-ed in the New York Times and said that such charges and evidence were being fabricated by the United States. That was the U.N. Ambassador from Iran, Ambassador Zarif. In that op-ed he was telling a lie 
to the American people. 
Why is that important? He is now the 
Foreign Minister of Iran. He is now in charge of negotiating this nuclear deal. He is certainly not a trustworthy man. 
If sanctions are lifted, billions of dol-
lars are going to flow from companies and banks from around the world to the economy and government of Iran. They are going to invest in businesses. They are going to invest in the oil and gas sector. They are going to invest in banks. 
What will the Iranian leadership 
likely do with that money? Do we trust them to invest in schools and infra-structure and health clinics so they can provide their citizens better lives? 
Let’s use history as our guide. Every-
thing about that country’s leadership and everything about that country’s history tells us that that money—bil-lions—is likely to be used to pump up their terror machine around the world and target American citizens. 
I know what we have heard from the 
administration: Do not worry. If there is a violation of this agreement, these sanctions will snap back into place. They will snap back—no problem, piece of cake. 
After serving on Active Duty for that 
time I mentioned, I served as a U.S. As-sistant Secretary of State. I helped lead the effort in the Bush Administra-tion to isolate economically Iran, to go to our allies and say you have to divest out of the Iranian oil and gas sector, the Iranian financial sector. 
There was no snap here. This was a 
slog. It took years to get companies to divest. Yet now this administration is talking that we will snap back. No problem, we will divest in a couple of days. It is a fantasy. The Administra-tion knows it. They should stop using the term ‘‘snapback’’ because it is not accurate. It is not accurate. 
What is the alternative? The alter-
native is simple. Before lifting sanc-tions on Iran, Iran needs to take the steps to get off the list of countries that sponsor terrorism around the world. These are not insurmountable steps. These would include having a clear record for 6 months. That is it, 6 months—not decades, not years—6 months of not sponsoring state ter-rorism. 
It would also require Iran to re-
nounce terrorism. Simple, don’t engage in terrorism. Do not try to kill our citizens or the citizens of our allies. Do not send your forces around the world to blow things up or take hostages. Then we will consider lifting the sanc-tions. You do not have to be our ally. You do not have to like us. We do not have to like you. You do not have to change even the structure of your gov-ernment. You just should not target our citizens for murder the way you are doing now as one of the biggest— the biggest—state sponsors of ter-rorism in the world. 
It has been said that such a require-
ment and an amendment such as this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.014 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2551 April 30, 2015 
would be a poison pill, meaning that if 
this amendment is added to the Corker-Menendez bill, it will somehow signify the death of the bill. I have thought long and hard about that. Do I want to be a Member of this body who introduces a poison pill? Am I being unreasonable with this amendment? 
What I came to is this. It is our job— 
the most important job we have in this body—to do everything we can to keep our citizens safe and to enact good pol-icy. Sometimes that means taking dif-ficult positions, and sometimes it means taking very reasonable posi-tions, even though the political process might make it seem as if this were a complicated and difficult issue. This is not complicated. This is not difficult. This amendment is a simple amend-
ment. It is not difficult. 
I wish to conclude with the question 
I began with. Is it good policy for the United States of America to allow or even encourage countries and corpora-tions to do business with a state spon-sor of terrorism, particularly one that has a history of targeting and killing our citizens? Is that good policy? 
I believe the vast majority of the 
American people—Democrat, Repub-lican, any State in the Union—would say no, that is not good policy. I be-lieve that if the question were posed di-rectly to the American people, they would not consider this some kind of poison pill. They might even consider this some kind of vitamin pill, one that will make us stronger. It is a supple-ment to strengthen our negotiators’ position. 
Right now there is confusion. It is in 
the press. The Iranians are saying we have a deal that lifts sanctions imme-diately. The President has said no, that is not necessarily clear. We have to be creative on how this is going to hap-pen. 
This amendment will give the Presi-
dent and Secretary Kerry the leverage to solve this critical issue, one that the President and the Secretary of State should use and welcome to strengthen our position in the negotiations and not view it as some kind of poison pill. 
Again, it is a simple amendment. Be-
fore sanctions are lifted, the President and the State Department need to make sure Iran is off the list of states that sponsor terrorism. Iran could take the simple steps to make that possible and the world would be a much safer place. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FDA TOBACCO DEEMING REGULATIONS  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, a number of my colleagues came to the floor yesterday to speak about the FDA’s failure to release the to-bacco deeming rule and the delays that have occurred with respect to that rule. 
As difficult as the American people 
may find it to understand why there are these delays in issuing a rule that 
protects our citizens against tobacco use—most particularly our children— we should all understand that these rules have real-life consequences. 
Tobacco, in fact, is the leading cause 
of preventable death. In this Nation, tobacco use kills more than half a mil-lion people every year. Most smokers and tobacco users begin as children, many under the age of 10. Each day, more than 3,200 people younger than 18 years old smoke their first cigarette, and the consequences are inevitable. Thousands of them will die early in life. 
Cigarettes are the only product in 
the world that, when used as the manu-facturer intends it, kills the customer. If smoking continues at the current rate among U.S. youth, 5.6 million of them are expected to die prematurely from smoking-related illness. 
Tobacco use is a path to addiction 
and disease, and it is a public health epidemic. Yet laws that protect the public, laws that forbid marketing to children, laws that are designed to up-hold the public trust have been unimplemented. 
My fight against Big Tobacco began 
in the 1990s, when I was attorney gen-eral of the State of Connecticut. I helped to lead a lawsuit against to-bacco companies for marketing to chil-dren. We succeeded in restricting to-bacco companies from selling to and targeting children in their ads through sporting events, magazines, and point of sale methods. We helped reimburse the States for the enormous amount of taxpayer dollars spent on tobacco-re-lated diseases, and those payments continue today. They are supposed to be used for prevention and cessation activities, but unfortunately and trag-ically, much of that money is now used to fill gaps in State budgets. 
I have continued my fight against 
the tobacco companies in the Senate, alongside dedicated colleagues such as Senator M
ERKLEY and Senator D URBIN , 
who spoke yesterday, in urging the FDA to seek relief, to strive to do its job with the tobacco deeming rule in order to protect children and families from tobacco. 
The Family Smoking Prevention and 
Tobacco Control Act of 2009 gave the FDA significant power and responsi-bility to achieve this goal. Now it is the FDA’s responsibility to implement that law to prevent young people from becoming nicotine addicts, damaging their health, risking their lives, and costing the taxpayers hundreds of mil-lions—in fact, billions—of dollars. Six years have passed since that law 
was passed. The FDA has yet to imple-ment it, and the reason is that it has yet to issue those regulations. It wasn’t until last year, April 2014—5 years after the measure passed—that the FDA took the first step, issuing draft regulations known as the deem-ing rule that would formalize this au-thority. The rule would allow the FDA to control the regulation and sale—in particular, the sale to minors—of e- cigarettes, as well as dangerous com-bustible products, such as hookah, pipe tobacco, and cigars. 
This past Saturday, April 25, was the 
1-year anniversary of the release of the proposed rule. Over the past year, youth use of unregulated tobacco prod-ucts, such as e-cigarettes and the hook-ah, has skyrocketed. E-cigarette use has tripled among 11- to 18-year-olds, while hookah use has almost doubled. 
There is clear data, absolutely irref-
utable evidence that the rate of use of these products has increased even as some of the use of tobacco products has diminished, and this chart illustrates that evidence. It indicates that use of the regulated products has diminished, while use of unregulated products has increased. So laws work. Rules have an effect. People can be saved from addic-tion and disease. And these products— cigars, pipes, hookahs, e-cigarettes— lead to tobacco use in cigarettes and addiction to nicotine. They create the same kind of public health menace that tobacco products do. 
We know that nicotine addiction is 
surging through e-cigarette use, which is a disastrous tribute to the ingenuity of Big Tobacco. In fact, many of the big tobacco companies have bought the e- cigarette companies because they know they can use the e-cigarettes as a gate-way nicotine-delivery device, addicting children so that they will then shift to cigarette tobacco. 
I am joining my colleagues in urging 
that the FDA act as quickly as possible to implement these rules, to finalize the regulations, to get them out of the regulatory apparatus, the morass in which they are now trapped, and make sure that our children and our citizens are protected against the marketing and other abuses that are involved in the current sale of these nicotine-deliv-ery devices marketed to children. 
I am also proud to be introducing 
today a new measure, the Tobacco Tax and Enforcement Reform Act, which is supported by Senators D
URBIN , REED, 
and B OXER . I am very grateful to them 
for their leadership not only on this measure but over many years in fight-ing this battle against nicotine addic-tion and tobacco use. 
Congress has a continuing responsi-
bility to combat cigarette smoking di-rectly. Right now, there are a number of areas where loopholes and gaps exist in the enforcement structure. We need to do more to fight illegal tobacco traf-ficking. We need to eliminate the tax disparities between different tobacco products. These gaps in our laws and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.016 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2552 April 30, 2015 
law enforcement failures create oppor-
tunities and incentives for violations of those laws, at great cost to the State with regard to illegal trafficking. 
Similar to the changes outlined in 
the President’s budget proposal, this bill would also increase the Federal tax rate on tobacco products. In fact, these reforms would help the Federal Gov-ernment and States collect nearly $100 billion at a time when our States are strapped fiscally and our Federal Gov-ernment needs that revenue as well. These revenues would not only reduce tobacco consumption, they would also aid the fiscal well-being of our State and local governments. 
Most importantly from the stand-
point of law enforcement, it would force criminals who engage in illegal trafficking to comply with the law. It would combat those criminals who profit from the illegal sale of these products and trafficking across State lines, who are selling illicitly and gain-ing huge numbers of dollars from that legal noncompliance. 
Economic research confirms that 
raising the price of tobacco reduces use among young people, who are particu-larly sensitive to pricing. They are sen-sitive to price increases because they have less disposable income and know they have fewer dollars to spend. They are more price-sensitive. In fact, every 10 percent increase in the real price of cigarettes will reduce the prevalence of adult smoking by 5 percent and youth smoking by 7 percent. Adults are price- sensitive, too. Increasing the cost of cigarettes makes people more likely to want to quit and to pursue tobacco ces-sation, to break the nicotine habit and seek help through quit lines, the nico-tine patch, and other pharmaceutical measures. 
The current tobacco tax code has 
many loopholes that enable even the least creative manufacturers to exploit them and incentivizes many manufac-turers to manipulate products so they can be classified in a lower tax cat-egory. These tax incentives and loop-holes not only sharply reduce Federal revenues, but they increase the overall use of tobacco and tobacco-related harms. Eliminating these tax dispari-ties, along with the price, is one of the goals of the measure I am introducing today. By taxing all products at the same level as cigarettes, we can make progress against nicotine addiction and the illnesses and diseases associated with tobacco use. 
The increase in tax rate on cigarettes 
by 94 percent per pack and setting the rates for other tobacco products to an equivalent amount would help people who are now addicted and would also help America because at the end of the day the real cost of cigarettes is not only to people who are addicted and who endure the suffering and the pain of cancer, lung disease, and heart prob-lems, it is to their families and to all taxpayers. All of us—literally, all of us—pay for the diseases that result from tobacco use through our insur-ance policies and through Medicare and 
Medicaid. We are the ones who bear the financial burden. 
Due to these current tax inequities, 
the GAO has projected $615 million to $1.1 billion in losses to Federal tax rev-enue right now, and tobacco-related health problems cost the country al-most $170 billion a year in direct med-ical costs. We can save money and save lives through this measure. I hope my colleagues will support it. 
Every day that goes by without FDA 
regulation harms children. It hurts people who become addicted. It hurts all of America. Every day that tax dis-parities exist, every day that illegal trafficking continues is a day when America pays in the casualties, human suffering, loss of productivity, and loss of revenue. 
I hope my colleagues will support 
these efforts. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from Nebraska. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
I rise today to discuss the negotia-
tions with Iran over its nuclear pro-gram. Many of my colleagues have spo-ken at length about some of their con-cerns, which I share. Today, however, I would like to discuss my concern about the administration’s increasing reli-ance on the idea that sanctions can be snapped back into place in the event that Iran violates an agreement. 
In its press release on the framework 
agreed upon earlier this month, the White House stated: 
If at any time Iran fails to fulfill its com-
mitments, these sanctions will snap back into place. 
On April 11, 2015, President Obama 
stated: 
We are preserving the capacity to snap 
back sanctions in the event they are break-ing any deal. . . . And if . . . we don’t have the capacity to snap back sanctions when we see a potential violation, then we’re prob-ably not going to get a deal. 
A week later, at a press conference 
with the Italian Prime Minister, Presi-dent Obama played down the question of whether Iran would receive imme-diate sanctions relief and insisted snap-back provisions were more important. He said: 
Our main concern here is making sure that 
if Iran doesn’t abide by its agreement, that we don’t have to jump through a whole bunch of hoops in order to reinstate sanc-tions. That is our main concern. 
I agree with President Obama’s goal. 
Who wouldn’t want harsh measures re-instated the moment Iran fails to com-ply with this agreement? The problem is that reality is far more complicated than the simple phrase ‘‘snapback’’ suggests. 
In a Washington Post column last 
week, former CIA Director Michael Hayden, former Deputy Director Gen-eral of the IAEA Olli Heinonen, and Middle East expert Dr. Ray Takeyh laid out the long and circuitous path 
that any action to reinstate sanctions on Iran would have to take. Their con-clusion? That it could take an entire year or even longer to simply confirm that Iran has actually violated its obli-gations and navigate the bureaucratic process necessary to restore the sanc-tions on Iran. 
A recent article in the Wall Street 
Journal by Henry Kissinger and George Shultz made a similar point. In it, they write: 
Restoring the most effective sanctions 
would require coordinated international ac-tion. In countries that had reluctantly joined in previous rounds, the demands of public and commercial opinion will militate against automatic or even prompt ‘‘snap- back.’’ 
Some may argue that past history is 
irrelevant and that the negotiations will produce a new process, allowing for a quick restoration of the sanctions regime. Such a process would still be far from automatic since significant time would be required to confirm Iran’s violation, but recent comments by Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov made clear that this idea is not in the cards. Speaking last week on the idea of snapping back sanctions, he stated: ‘‘This process should not in any way be automatic.’’ 
He went on to say that decisions on this matter should be taken in accord-ance with the procedures of the U.N. Security Council through voting in the Council and through the adoption of the appropriate resolutions. We must also bear in mind that sanctions take time to have effect. 
The United States has had sanctions 
on Iran since 1979. One could argue that the heavy sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table—they began back in 2010. But even in that case it took years to create enough economic pressure for Iran to even sit down with negotiators. The idea that we will be able to swiftly reimpose sanctions and that those sanctions are going to swift-ly cripple the Iranian economy and that they are going to force Iran to change its behavior—I believe that is simply implausible. 
The point is the practical reality of 
this issue is much more complicated than the talking points suggest. To me, this underscores the importance of get-ting a good deal with Iran. It dem-onstrates why a bad deal is so much worse than no deal at all. It took many years to build the global sanctions re-gime that brought Iran to the negoti-ating table. The fact is that it can be 
dismantled much faster than it can be rebuilt. 
We cannot afford to overlook key 
provisions or pretend that the precise terms of this agreement are of lesser importance. Of all the tools we can use to influence Iran, sanctions relief is the most important. It should only be pro-vided as part of a deal that is clearly in American interests. The security of our country, our families, and the possi-bility of a nuclear Middle East hangs in the balance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.021 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2553 April 30, 2015 
There will be no simple snapback if 
this agreement does not hold. We need to be honest with the American people and not rely on unrealistic notions to justify any deal with them. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
come to the floor to speak for a few minutes on the bill we are debating to provide some congressional oversight over a potential—though not yet signed—deal with Iran. 
I wish to start simply with what we 
all agree on. We all agree we need to do whatever we can to ensure that Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon. I have no doubt that 100 Members of the Sen-ate would agree with that proposition. That is our guiding principle, and it should be our North Star. We may dis-agree on the best way to achieve a nu-clear weapons-free Iran, but we can all agree on our goal. 
So how do we get there is the ques-
tion we are debating. I happen to be a member of the camp who believes our best hope of achieving this goal is through diplomacy, through a nego-tiated settlement that dramatically rolls back Iran’s nuclear program in a transparent and verifiable way. While our negotiations still have a long way to go to get to that agreement, we are closer now than we have been in dec-ades. 
I, and many of my colleagues, strong-
ly believe we should give our nego-tiators the space to do their jobs and to see if a deal is ultimately possible. 
That is really what this bill does. It 
postpones a congressional vote on these negotiations, appropriately, until the negotiations are finished. That makes sense, right? There is no use on voting on a deal when we don’t have a deal. And then it sets up time con-straints for Congress’s review of that potential deal, basically, about 30 days. That is a reasonable period of time for us to debate the agreement, and, if there is one, there is some certainty over our process to those who are at the negotiating table. 
The President’s critics seem to fall 
into two often overlapping camps. One strain of argument holds that this framework agreement we have right now is just too weak and that our side should walk away from the table, reim-pose sanctions, and hold out for a bet-ter deal. 
The second strain of argument—evi-
denced, frankly, by many of the amendments that have been filed to the underlying bill—holds that our ne-gotiations shouldn’t be just about Iran’s nuclear program, that we should also be negotiating over all of the 
other bad things Iran does and sup-ports. 
Now, I don’t think it is worth getting 
into a defense of a framework today since we are months away from a final deal. But to my mind, if the final deal does look demonstrably like the frame-work, we would be fools to reject it. Does it allow Iran to do nuclear re-search? Yes, it does. Does it allow them to keep some centrifuges? Yes. But anybody who thought we were going to sign a deal that would effectively be an unconditional surrender was living in a fantasyland. The framework accom-plishes our goal of protecting Israel, the region, and the United States from a quick nuclear breakout. The pluto-nium pathway at Arak is ended. Their enriched stores basically go down to zero. Fordow and Natanz stay open, but they can no longer do substantial en-richment, and they are going to have international scientists and inspectors crawling all over their capacity. In-spections, on the entire nuclear supply chain, will be at a scale that is totally, completely unprecedented in the his-tory of the nuclear age. 
It is a good framework. But even if 
you don’t believe this, I just think it belies common sense to think that walking away from the table now would get you a better deal. Yes, we could reinstitute sanctions, the United States could. Perhaps some of our part-ners would go along, but they would be weaker than before because lots of countries that think this is a good framework wouldn’t go along with this. Just look at what Russia and China have announced in the past few weeks. They basically have telegraphed that they are looking to do business with the Iranians, notwithstanding what happens at the negotiating table. We know what happens when we apply weak sanctions against Iran, alongside a policy of isolating. They get strong-er. 
How do we know this? Because in 2002 
we had a chance to cap Iran’s cen-trifuges at a few hundred. Instead, after years of relatively weak sanc-tions and international isolation, Iran built 20,000 centrifuges and put in place a secret nuclear facility. 
Now, our most recent round of tough 
international sanctions—in part be-cause of the policies of this Congress— worked to get to the table, to the nego-tiating table, but only because there was a credible offer of a negotiated so-lution. We know exactly what happens, what sanctions and isolation get us, be-cause we tried it for years. It gets us 20,000 centrifuges, no international in-spections, and an increasingly hard- line and inward-looking regime. 
This last point and result is impor-
tant because the people of Iran actu-ally don’t think like their Supreme Leader. His grasp on power isn’t abso-lute, in large part because Iranians are much more moderate, much more internationalist, and much more pro- American than their leader, generally. Khamenei knows this, and that is 
why, when Iranian voters elected a moderate, Western-oriented President, the Supreme Leader allowed his team the space to negotiate this framework. 
Now, no one can be certain, but it is 
certainly plausible to believe that moderate forces inside Iran are win-ning and that our policy toward Iran should consider whether our actions help the moderates or help the hard- liners. We don’t want another hard-line administration, but we are going to get one if we walk away from these nego-tiations now, when thousands of Ira-nians are cheering the opening of rela-tions with the West. If we walk away, moderate voters are going to feel aban-doned. Hard-liners will be proven right. The two groups will be merged. Politics inside Iran will shift inward and ex-treme again. For all of my Republican colleagues who were so forceful in their criticism of the administration, saying President Obama didn’t do enough to support the Green Revolution, you would do far more damage to this cause by ending reformers’ hopes of rap-prochement with the West right now. 
Now, for the second argument—that 
we should settle all of our grievances with Iran in one fell swoop right now, that this agreement is somehow illegit-imate unless Iran renounces Hamas and Hezbollah, unless they get right with Israel, unless they end their other nonnuclear weapons programs, unless they release political prisoners, and so on and so on. 
First, there is not a single person 
here who agrees with Iran’s support for terrorism or its inflammatory rhetoric toward Israel. No one is pleased with the Iranian regime’s record on human rights or its funding of Hezbollah. 
But let’s agree that an Iran that pur-
sues these policies and has a nuclear weapon is a far worse outcome, one that should be avoided at all costs. The truth is that adding these issues into the nuclear agreement would mean no deal is possible. 
In America, we are strong enough to 
be able to walk and chew gum at the same time. We can negotiate with an enemy or adversary on one issue and reserve the right to fight another day or simultaneously on other issues. For evidence of this, I would ask my Re-publican friends to simply look to their great, romanticized hero, President Ronald Reagan. When he was negoti-ating a nuclear weapons deal with the Soviet Union, he did not simulta-neously try to address the USSR’s sup-port for proxies in Central America or the Middle East or their provocative naval activities in the Pacific Ocean, he knew that by taking one issue off the table it would make America and the world safer, even if it didn’t ad-dress all of our grievances at once. He knew if he did put everything on the table all at once, then there would be no progress. 
Just as a little kid can’t eat a hot 
dog all in one bite no matter how hard he tries, we all have to make progress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.023 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2554 April 30, 2015 
one bite at a time. That is often how 
life and, in fact, negotiations tend to work. 
So I hope my colleagues will oppose 
these well-meaning amendments that are being offered. They have laudable goals, but in the real world they are simply unrealistic within the confines of these negotiations, and they will have the effect of killing the deal en-tirely. 
On a broader scale, I hope when this 
debate is done, we can also ask our-selves some bigger questions. Diplo-macy is power. It is not weakness. Talking to your enemies has been part of our national security toolbox for as long as we have existed as a nation. 
This country is tired. It is weary of 
war for good reason. Ten years of con-flict in Iraq didn’t make us any safer, and a lot of people—heroes—died in the process. 
But when we spend all of this time— 
the majority of this Congress—engaged in detailed oversight over the Presi-dent’s diplomatic endeavors and abso-lutely no time engaged in detailed oversight over a war in Iraq and Syria that is still, months and months later, unauthorized and extraconstitutional, then we send a bad message to America and to the rest of the world. We seem to have a developing double standard when it comes to oversight. We are all over the President when he talks to our adversaries, but we stand down when he fights them—lots of oversight over peace, very little over war. 
That is not where the American peo-
ple are. They want their President to take extraordinary steps to avoid war. They don’t want us to get dragged back into a ground war in the Middle East. 
I am supporting this bill today be-
cause I will be first in line to reassert Congress’s power to set foreign policy right alongside the President, but I don’t support Congress sending a mes-sage that diplomacy is somehow more worthy of rigorous oversight than mili-tary action. 
I don’t think this is where the chair-
man of the Foreign Relations Com-mittee is coming from, but there are certainly some Members of his caucus who view power solely through a mili-tary lens. That is dangerous because, as we saw in Iraq, large-scale military operations kill a lot of terrorists, they kill a lot of bad guys, but they often create two for every one they kill. 
In the end, it is nonkinetic interven-
tion that solves extremism, building inclusive governments, lifting people out of destitution and poverty, coun-tering radical propaganda, and showing an America that backs up all of its talk about American civil liberties with action. 
I am so thankful to Chairman 
C
ORKER for taking the time to work on 
this bill with Senator C ARDIN , Senator 
MENENDEZ , and others to make it 
something we can truly rally around today. That takes guts to show pa-tience, to give ground, and to talk to people whom you don’t agree with. It is actually diplomacy that wins 
the day here more often than not. It is our guiding value as a body, as an in-stitution. It is what makes this place work when it works, and we are best when we recognize that the value of di-plomacy and the results we get from it do not expire at the edges of this Chamber. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we are 
finally seeing the Senate do what we were elected to do, and that is the peo-ple’s work. I am glad to see there have been some reports in the press saying the 114th Congress and the new major-ity are actually following through and keeping our promises by passing impor-tant legislation that helps make the American people’s lives just a little bit better. 
One of the actions we have taken is 
the House and the Senate have now met in a conference committee to agree on a budget. This is, unfortu-nately, an unusual event in recent his-tory. It was 2009 when the last budget was passed by the U.S. Congress. That is a little embarrassing. It is actually very embarrassing. It is a scandal, real-ly. But now we are finally getting back on track. I am glad to report, as the Presiding Officer knows, that this is a budget that balances in roughly 9 years. I wish it were sooner, but that is what it is. There are no tax increases. It also meets our obligation to keep the country safe and the American peo-ple secure by plussing up some of the defense accounts, which I believe is im-portant. All of our colleagues on our side of the aisle believe this should be our No. 1 priority. There are some things that only the Federal Govern-ment can do, and national security is at the very top of that list. 
So we will have a vote—perhaps as 
early as next Tuesday—on the budget conference report. 
UNITED STATES -JAPAN ALLIANCE AND TRADE  
Mr. President, yesterday, we had a 
joint meeting of Congress, and we heard from the leader of one of Amer-ica’s greatest allies, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan. I had a chance to meet the Prime Minister briefly before his comments, and I told him: Mr. Prime Minister, I actually graduated from high school in Japan. My dad was in the U.S. Air Force and was stationed at Tachikawa Air Force Base, and that is where I attended my senior year in high school. 
It was an honor for all of us to listen 
to the Prime Minister. As were many of my colleagues, I was very encour-aged to hear about his unwavering sup-port for the U.S.-Japan alliance. This 
is one of the most important alliances the United States has in the world. 
The Prime Minister spent a good 
amount of time talking about our shared values. He noted our mutual and unflinching commitment to de-mocracy and freedom and our common goal of peace and prosperity. 
One of the issues I was particularly 
glad to hear the Prime Minister speak about was the shared values of freedom and democracy and why the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership is so important not just to the United States, not just to Japan, but to all, I believe, 12 different countries that are negotiating this im-portant trade agreement. 
I couldn’t agree more about the im-
portance of trade. Texas is the No. 1 ex-porting State in the Nation, and that is one of the reasons we are doing rel-atively well compared to the rest of the country economically. I know the Pre-siding Officer comes from an oil-pro-ducing and gas-producing State that is booming as well. But one of the reasons my State is doing so well is because we figured out that the more people we can sell goods and services to that we grow or we raise or we make, the more jobs we have at home, the better our economy is, and the better our people are. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership fits 
right into that formulation because the United States occupies roughly 5 per-cent of the planet and we represent about 20 percent of the purchasing power of the planet. So that should tell us that 80 percent of the purchasing power lies outside and beyond our shores, and why in the world wouldn’t we want to trade with those other countries and sell goods and services to consumers in Japan and all around the world, including the region of Asia on which the Pacific partnership is par-ticularly focused? 
The Prime Minister eloquently ar-
ticulated that the Trans-Pacific Part-nership promotes the spread of our val-ues by reducing economic barriers. It has been observed by smarter people than I that countries that actually trade together are much less likely to go to war against each other. That just seems to be the way it works. And the more people we can improve our eco-nomic ties to around the world—it im-proves not only prosperity, it also im-proves the peace. 
Prime Minister Abe understands how 
important this agreement is not only for the 12 nations that make up the TPP but for the entire global economy. This is at least in part because the 12 Asia-Pacific countries involved in the partnership make up 40 percent of the world economy. Thankfully, the Prime Minister assured us that he will con-tinue to work with the United States to ensure the success of these negotia-tions. 
In a short time—perhaps maybe next 
week or the week after—we will have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.026 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2555 April 30, 2015 
an opportunity to take up trade pro-
motion authority. This is congression-ally conferred authority to the execu-tive branch to engage in negotiations and sets the parameters for those nego-tiations—very clear congressional di-rection for the President’s negotiators, including Ambassador Froman, in ne-gotiating this Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. Once the negotiations are con-cluded, then it will have to lie in public for up to 60 days, I believe the time-frame is, so the American people can read it, to be completely transparent, and I think that is a very important part of the process. 
I would be remiss, as I suggested ear-
lier, if I did not point out the impor-tant role of trade not only to the United States but also to my State of Texas. About $1.5 trillion of GDP is at-tributable to the State of Texas. If we were an independent nation—which we once were for 9 years; from independ-ence to the time we were annexed to the United States in 1845—if we were still an independent nation, we would represent the 12th largest economy in the world. It would put us ahead of even robust economies such as those in Mexico and South Korea. It is pri-marily because of the role of exports. 
Energy is an incredibly important 
part of our economy, but it is not all of our economy. If we could do what the Presiding Officer and others have advo-cated, which is to accelerate the export of liquefied natural gas and perhaps re-consider the ban on exporting crude under some appropriate circumstances, I think we could do even better. 
According to a report released earlier 
this month by the Department of Com-merce and the U.S. Trade Representa-tive, Texas was far and away the leader of goods exported in 2014, with $289 bil-lion of goods exported—$289 billion. So, not to brag—well, Texans have been known to brag a little bit—but just to state the facts—let me put it that way. The State of California—the State with the second most goods exported by value—exported a sizable $174 billion worth. Now, that is a lot, $174 billion for California, but it is still $115 billion less than the No. 1 State of Texas. The same report revealed that Texas also boasts some 41,000 companies—many small- and medium-sized businesses— that export goods globally. 
For years, this impressive amount of 
trade has helped our economy continue to grow, while providing jobs for Tex-ans across the State. In fact, more than 1 million jobs in Texas are sup-ported by global exports. So why wouldn’t we want to do more and cre-ate more jobs and more prosperity and more opportunity? 
I agree with Prime Minister Abe that 
the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal is vitally important to the United States, particularly at a time, as we learned— I guess it was yesterday, maybe the day before—that the gross domestic product of the United States had grown by an anemic .2 percent in the last quarter, essentially saying our econ-omy has flatlined. That is dangerous, 
and it is also painful for the families of people who are out of work or who are looking for work or those who have simply dropped out of the workforce. We need to do better by growing our economy and creating those jobs so people can find work and provide for their families. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership would 
help Texas businesses. It would also help our farmers and ranchers, both big and small. Obviously, the agricultural exports and particularly the beef and poultry and pork exports to a country such as Japan would be very impor-tant. 
As the President said the other day, 
if we don’t enter into this Trans-Pa-cific Partnership deal where we will be setting the rules, along with these 12 countries—if we don’t do this, what will happen is that China will, in es-sence, be setting the rules for Asia. That is a circumstance we should not sit by and let happen. 
Increasing trade in the region will 
also provide a way forward for 21st-cen-tury industries that have made a home in Texas, including electronics and ma-chinery. We are not as well known for electronics manufacturing and machin-ery as we are for the energy business or farming and ranching and agriculture. But, importantly, as Prime Minister Abe mentioned yesterday, the TPP goes far beyond just economic benefits; it also provides the United States an opportunity for greater influence in the region and in the process promotes not only prosperity, as I said earlier, but also stability and security. 
Just last week, the Dallas Morning 
News made this point well by saying that TPP is ‘‘not just about exports and imports; it’s also about enhancing America’s role among Pacific nations and standing strong against an asser-tive China.’’ President Obama made that point as well, and I happen to think in this case he is absolutely right. 
Texas and our entire country stands 
to gain a lot from this pending trade deal. I am happy to see the President is promoting this among some members of his own party, who are a little bit di-vided on this issue. I think it is fair to say that on this side of the aisle we are a little more unified on this issue. This is not, though, an objective we are going to be able to get done unless the President steps up and delivers votes from that side of the aisle from mem-bers of his own political party, and I hope he will roll up his sleeves and he will dive right in and engage and produce those votes. We can’t produce those votes on that side of the aisle; only the President, the leader of his party, can do that. 
So I am happy to see that this Cham-
ber, this U.S. Senate, has continued in a spirit of bipartisanship by passing trade promotion authority out of the Senate Finance Committee, and I hope we will take it up here as a body very soon. In conclusion, this legislation will 
open up American goods and services to American markets, which is good for our economy, good for jobs, and good for better wages for hard-working Americans, including Texas families. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise today in strong support of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act that is before the Senate today. I thank Sen-ator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN for 
their incredible work bringing people together on the Foreign Relations Committee. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan bill as written. We must move forward to pass this legislation as quickly as possible to ensure that Congress has a role in reviewing any proposed nuclear agreement with Iran. 
This is a critically important bill at 
a critically important time. Pre-venting Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon is one of the most important objectives of our national security pol-icy, and I strongly supported the sanc-tions every step of the way that brought Iran to the negotiating table. 
I have also supported the diplomatic 
efforts to address the threat posed by Iran’s nuclear program. The framework that was reached in Switzerland earlier this month is a positive step forward, but I think we all know that this proc-ess is far from complete. 
There are so many unanswered ques-
tions on the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program, on how its ura-nium stockpile would be handled, under what circumstances any sanc-tions relief would be provided, and the timing of that relief. 
It is clear that there are still dif-
ferences between Iran and the rest of the international community on these issues. I believe it is important that negotiations continue to pursue a final agreement by June 30 that comprehen-sively addresses the threat posed by Iran’s nuclear program. Again, one of the most important objectives of the U.S. national security policy is to pre-vent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
The bipartisan legislation before us 
today will set up a process for Congress to review any final nuclear agreement with Iran. It ensures that Congress, which through its actions brought Iran to the table, will have access to all the final details of the agreement. It pre-serves our right to have a final say in the potential lifting of the sanctions that we led on. That is how we were in-volved in compelling Iran to negotiate in terms of these sanctions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Apr 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.039 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2556 April 30, 2015 
Senators C ORKER and C ARDIN worked 
so hard to strike a careful balance be-tween the Executive’s prerogative to pursue the negotiations and Congress’s role in reviewing any nuclear agree-ment. Their negotiations were a suc-cess, as I said. The bill passed the For-eign Relations Committee unani-mously, 19 to 0, 2 weeks ago. That is a committee with a number of Senators with a broad range of views on every issue, including foreign relations and including these negotiations. 
The President, who had long threat-
ened to veto any such bill, has agreed to sign it. This is a significant victory for the Senate and also for congres-sional oversight of foreign policy, something many of us have been push-ing for. 
Any nuclear agreement with Iran 
will have significant long-term impli-cations for the United States, for Israel, and for our allies in the region. So it is critical that Congress have the opportunity to review it. 
This bill ensures that we have that 
opportunity. That is why it is so im-portant that we act now to pass this legislation without delay and without amendments that undercut the bipar-tisan agreement on this bill. 
Right now, I understand there are ne-
gotiations over a number of amend-ments that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to offer. I think we know that a number of these amendments appear to be written in a way that would undermine the bipar-tisan support for the bill or would somehow make this bill much more dif-ficult in terms of having a process. 
All this bill is, from my mind, is a 
process to review. Instead of having a haphazard process, this actually gives Congress something for which we have been asking for a long time. It has given us that ability to review this agreement and have a vote on it. I don’t know how many times I have heard my colleagues from the other side of the aisle talk about it—and my colleagues on this side of the aisle. We finally have a bipartisan way to do it. So I think we need to be very careful when moving forward and look at some of these amendments. 
I certainly share my colleagues’ deep 
mistrust and skepticism of the Iranian regime. I am appalled by the con-tinuing human rights abuses, the un-justified detention of American citi-zens—everyone, from the Washington Post reporter to a former marine to a Christian pastor. I abhor the vicious threats we are hearing against Israel and against Israeli leaders, the track record supporting anti-Semitism and the Holocaust denial. I am deeply con-cerned about the destabilizing actions in the region, including Iran’s efforts to obtain more advanced missiles, and the support for militant forces and ter-rorists. 
I think we all know the issues that 
are going on here. It is incredibly im-portant that we work to address these issues, but there must be a recognition of the fact that what we are talking 
about here is a nuclear agreement. I think every Senator is going to want to look at that agreement and say: Does this make things safer or not? What effect does this have on Israel? Is it safer to have Iran have nuclear capa-bilities when they have shown the pro-pensity to do all of these other things 
that I have just mentioned? I think many of us come down on the side that we want to see this agreement but we are pleased these negotiations are going on. We are particularly thankful that Senator C
ORKER and Senator 
CARDIN were able to come to an agree-
ment on a process and to get that agreement through a highly diverse committee in terms of their political views and to get that agreement through on a 19-to-0 vote. 
Also, I might add that we don’t want 
to revive the threat of a Presidential veto here. I know many of these amendments sound appealing to many of us but not if they are going to be used as a way to bring down this proc-ess, the review agreement, and that is essentially what would happen. 
We do not want to be damaging our 
own ability to ensure that sanctions relief will only come from a strong agreement that prevents Iran from ob-taining nuclear weapons. I would think that outcome would certainly be fine with the Iranians, if that is what hap-pens. As our Republican colleague from South Carolina, L
INDSEY GRAHAM , 
pointed out recently, ‘‘Anybody who offers an amendment that will break this agreement apart . . . the bene-ficiary will be the Iranians.’’ 
So let’s not give the Iranians a vic-
tory. Let’s pass this bill on a strong bi-partisan vote, and let’s do it now so it is clear that Congress stands united and we want the ability to review this agreement. Our foreign policy is more effective when we speak with one voice. It may be simplistic to say that politics should stop at the water’s edge, but when it comes to Iran, the fact is, we have been unified. The past three votes in favor of major sanctions legislation in 2010, 2011, and 2012 have been unanimous—99 to 0, 100 to 0, and 94 to 0 respectively. And now the Ira-nians are at the table negotiating a nu-clear agreement. That is because we stood together across party lines. 
We have stood together and been 
strong and unified as a country. The time has come to show we are serious again—serious about ensuring that a final agreement is strong and enforce-able and, most importantly, blocks Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. We may not agree on everything, but we must certainly agree on something that so many of us have been talking about—a role for the Congress, a role for the Senate in having a say over this agreement. That is all this bill is about. Passing this bill will show our commitment to our country’s security and the security of our allies and our partners. It transcends partisan poli-tics, and that is something that, when it comes to foreign relations and when 
it comes to dealing with a country such as Iran, must stop at the water’s edge. 
I thank our colleagues, Senator 
C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN , for work-
ing so hard to negotiate this agree-ment—simply a process of review—so that we can finally have a say, and I ask my colleagues to support this. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, some-
times when I travel, people ask me what I do, and I tell them I am a re-tired Navy captain. And then they say: Well, what do you do now? And I tell them I am a recovering Governor. Then they say: Well, now that you are recov-ering, what do you do? I tell them I am a servant. 
Once, one guy said to me on an air-
plane: What do you mean you are a servant? 
I said: I serve the people of Delaware. 
He said: Are you like a butler? And I said: No, not really, but I do 
serve. 
But I still think like a retired recov-
ering Governor. I am proud to be able to serve here. I loved being in the Navy. But at heart, I still think and act a good deal like a retired Governor. Those others who serve here in this body who have served as the chief exec-utive of their State sometimes feel the same way about how they approach their job. I love doing that. I feel really lucky to have that choice. I feel very lucky to be here to serve Delaware, the First State, in this capacity. 
One of the key takeaways from my 
time as the chief executive of my State was that when we had to negotiate deals, whether with our neighboring States or with the Federal Government or actually with folks who were think-ing of starting a business in Delaware or growing a business in Delaware, we had to do so with one unified voice in order to be effective. 
Now, we were trying to bring 
AstraZeneca, one of the largest phar-maceutical companies in the world, and convince them to put their North American headquarters in Delaware. We didn’t have the whole legislature to negotiate that deal. My cabinet and I were involved in that negotiation, and we got a signoff from the legislature, at least indirectly. We just couldn’t have competing messages coming from all the various elected officials, State senators, State representatives, and so forth. The reason is that this would have undermined in some cases very sensitive negotiations and hindered our ability to work through some already tough issues. While I would consult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.041 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2557 April 30, 2015 
with Delaware’s other State and local 
officials, as appropriate—and I valued their insight and their opinions, even when I didn’t necessarily agree with all of them any more than they agreed with me—at the end of the day, as chief executive of our State, I had to be the final decisionmaker in a lot of cases in negotiating or advocating on behalf of Delaware. 
Now, as a U.S. Senator, I take really 
a very similar approach to negotiating on many issues, including matters of foreign policy. I support the idea that when the United States conducts diplo-macy with foreign governments, the United States should speak to that government with a unified voice. 
Our system is set up so that we do 
not have 535 Members of Congress serv-ing as negotiators and diplomats—and for good reason. That is the case with trade deals—the kind of deal we are trying to negotiate today with 11 other countries that come from this hemi-sphere all the way over to Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Japan, and Vietnam. But if we fail to speak with a unified voice in most of those negotia-tions, including the one I just men-tioned, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, then forging international agreements with other countries is going to be really tough and in some cases just about impossible. 
When it comes to the negotiations 
with Iran over its nuclear program— the negotiations that involve not just Iran, not just us, but the five perma-nent members of the United Nations Security Council and Germany as well—I have been a strong proponent of giving the President and his negoti-ating team the flexibility they need to achieve the best deal for our Nation. 
I know many of our colleagues have 
strong views on the need for Congress to play a direct role in the negotiations and to make sure their voices are heard in this process. I understand that posi-tion, and I respect that position as well. 
There are also some in the Senate 
who believe that the best deal with Iran is, frankly, no deal at all, and they are trying to maximize their abil-ity to kill the nuclear deal with Iran before it is ever finalized. 
Another key lesson I learned as Gov-
ernor—and I am constantly reminded of it in the Senate—is that forging compromise is no easy task. Bridging the divide of competing interests is never easy, especially on issues as im-portant as negotiations over nuclear weapons and Iran. But that is what my colleagues—our colleagues—in the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee re-cently did. 
Specifically, Senators C
ORKER of 
Tennessee and C ARDIN of Maryland, one 
a Republican and one a Democrat, worked to forge a compromise that identifies an appropriate role for Con-gress in these nuclear talks. This com-promise will enable the President to maintain his prerogative as our Na-tion’s Chief Executive and Commander in Chief to negotiate on behalf of the 
United States, while also ensuring that Congress is able to weigh in on the final product of those negotiations should they come to fruition. In my mind, that is a reasonable compromise that we should all support regardless of our opinion on the prospect of the President reaching an acceptable deal with Iran. 
Let me explain why. First of all, Sen-
ator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN ’s 
compromise satisfies one of my key goals of not undermining our negoti-ating team before any final deal can be reached with the Iranians. 
Second, for those who insist that 
Congress be given a chance to weigh in on a final nuclear deal with Iran, this bill that we are debating today and will probably debate a little more next week will empower Members of Con-gress to cast a vote for or against any final deal before it is implemented. 
Finally, for those Members who 
think that no deal is the best deal, this bill gives those Members the oppor-tunity to make their case to our re-spective colleagues at an appropriate time. 
Now, Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN  
should be commended for their tireless work to strike a compromise that should satisfy many of our colleagues— not all, but many. I know they worked with the White House to craft a bill that does not cut the legs out from un-derneath our negotiators as they work to finalize a deal with Iran, and I want to thank them for preserving the ad-ministration’s ability to negotiate and the Congress’s ability to weigh in on the final deal. 
As we cast our votes on amendments 
and final passage of this bill, I would encourage us to consider the delicate nature of the compromise that Sen-ators C
ORKER and C ARDIN have struck. 
Too often in Washington we focus on 
what divides us rather than what unites us. That is unfortunate and sometimes counterproductive for our country—not just on this issue but on a host of important policy matters. Compromise should not be a rare oc-currence in our Nation’s Capital. Rath-er, it should be one of our guiding prin-ciples. 
We should seize this opportunity, col-
leagues, to advance a compromise that meets the needs of many of our col-leagues, the President, and our Nation. I urge our colleagues to join me in sup-porting Senator C
ORKER and Senator 
CARDIN ’s legislation. 
Some of my colleagues have heard 
me say before, whenever I meet people who have been married for a long time, I love to ask those who have been mar-ried 50, 60, 70 years: What is the secret for being married 50, 60 or 70 years? I get a lot of different answers, as you might imagine. Some of them are very funny, and some are quite poignant. 
Some of my favorites include a cou-
ple married over 50 years. I asked them not long ago: What is the secret to being married 50 years? The wife said of her husband: He 
could be right or he could be happy, but he cannot be both. 
More recently, with a couple who has 
been married over 60 years, I asked the husband and wife: What is the secret to being married over 60 years? And each of them gave a different answer. The wife said patience, and her husband of 60 years said a good sense of humor. That is pretty good advice as well. 
I have asked this question hundreds 
of times over the years, but the best advice I have ever heard in asking that question is years ago from the answers of a couple who had been married 65 years or so. 
I said: What is the secret of being 
married 65 years? 
They both said almost at the same 
time: The two C’s. 
The two C’s. I had never heard that 
one before. 
I said: What are the two C’s? One of them said: Communicate. That is good. The other one said: Compromise. Those are two pretty good C’s. Since then, I have invoked their 
words any number of times, including on this floor and here in Washington, DC, and in my own State of Delaware. 
Over the years, I have added a third 
C to it. The third C is collaborate—col-laborate. If you think about it, those two C’s or those three C’s—commu-nicate, compromise, and collaborate— are not just the secret for a vibrant and long marriage between two people; they are also the secret to a vibrant de-mocracy. 
As one of the Members of this body, 
I wish to again express my thanks to Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN for com-
municating, for compromising, and for collaborating in a way that could bring about a better future for my kids, your kids, our grandchildren, and hopefully for the people of Iran and hopefully for the people of Israel and a lot of other nations that have a real interest in this issue—as we say in Delaware, a dog in this fight. 
As I close, I thank you for this oppor-
tunity to speak today. I hope when we vote next week we will reward the ef-forts of those Senators with the two C’s—C
ARDIN and C ORKER —and further 
embrace the three C’s—commu-nicating, compromising, and collabo-rating—embrace their efforts with an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FDA TOBACCO DEEMING REGULATIONS  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, tech-
nology can be transformative. The black rotary phones have given way to iPhones. Sunlight and wind have be-come electricity. Camera tripods have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.046 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2558 April 30, 2015 
begotten selfie sticks. There are cer-
tain things, however, that do not need to be reimagined, repurposed or rede-signed. There are items that serve no societal benefit whatsoever. 
Example No. 1, the cigarette. Yet 
new cigarettes have exploded into the marketplace, known as everything from e-cigs to advanced nicotine deliv-ery systems, to vaporizers. Similar to many emerging technologies, these products are designed to appeal to young people, are more accessible to young people, and are explicitly mar-keted to young people, and because of this, we are being forced to write an-other dark chapter in the history books. 
After more than four decades of re-
search, there are several incontrovert-ible facts. Nicotine is addictive. It af-fects brain development, and in com-bination with tobacco, it is responsible for claiming millions of lives. These facts are true and were true decades ago, at the same time that Big Tobacco willfully, consistently, publicly, and falsely denied them. 
Today, e-cigarette sales in the United 
States alone top $1 billion. The use of e-cigarettes among middle and high school students tripled from 2013 to 2014, accounting for upward of 13 per-cent of high school students. New data reports that nearly 2.5 million Amer-ican young people currently use e-ciga-rettes. 
This data is not at all surprising 
when we consider the way these nico-tine delivery products are targeted at young people and how these products are available in a myriad of flavors from cotton candy to vanilla cupcakes, to Coca-Cola. Strawberry-flavored vape liquid can contain just as much nico-tine, and sometimes more, as a tradi-tional cigarette. 
We know from years of research that 
flavors attract young people, and the younger a person is when they start to-bacco use, the more difficult it will be for them to quit. That is why Congress explicitly banned the use of cigarettes with flavors like cherry and bubble gum because of their appeal to young people. 
Over the past decade, we have made 
great strides educating children and teens about the dangers of smoking. We cannot allow e-cigarettes to snuff out the progress we have made pre-venting nicotine addiction and its deadly consequences. 
E-cigarette use is growing as fast as 
the students who are using them, and we need to put in place the rules to en-sure that we stop it. First, we need to ban the marketing of e-cigarettes to young people in the United States. Sec-ond, we need to ban the use of flavorings. The use of fruit- and candy- based flavors is clearly meant to at-tract children. Cherry Crush e-ciga-rettes pose the same addiction risk as the minty Kools of the 1970s. Third, we should ban online sales of e-cigarettes. The FDA should prevent online sales of these devices to keep the product out of the hands of children. Finally, last 
week marked 1 year since the FDA pro-posed long-overdue regulations to gov-ern e-cigarettes. This is the first step to making sure children and teens can be protected from the harms of these devices. But 1 year later, these rules still have not been finalized. Until they are, new cigarettes will continue to target young people with appealing marketing, advertising, and product flavoring. Every day the FDA fails to act is another day young Americans can fall prey to harmful products pushed by the tobacco industry. 
Last year, at a commerce committee 
hearing, I asked several e-cigarette company leaders to commit to ceasing the sale of these types of flavored prod-ucts, and a few of them agreed, but the vast majority have not and will not stop this marketing campaign. 
Today’s electronic cigarettes are no 
better than the Joe Camels of the past because e-cigarettes, children, and teens do not mix. Young people are get-ting addicted to nicotine and putting their health and their futures at grave risk. It is time for the FDA to step in and stop the sale of these candy-fla-vored poisons, especially to the chil-dren of the United States. 
My father started smoking two packs 
of Camels when he was 13 years of age. It was the cool thing to do. My father died from lung cancer. The tobacco in-dustry denied that there was any link-age between tobacco and smoking and cancer and death. My father died from it. He started smoking at age 13 be-cause it was the cool thing to do. Once you are addicted at the age of 13, 14 or 15 and smoking two packs of Joe Cam-els a day, it is hard to stop. 
Here is something else we know: If a 
young person doesn’t start to smoke until they are 19, they are highly un-likely to start at all because they have reached beyond the point where it is attractive to them from a peer pressure perspective. So what do these compa-nies have to do? These companies have to find a way to market to young peo-ple by giving them flavored e-ciga-rettes and making it appealing to them because they have to get them when they are 13, 14, 15, and 16 years old. That is the marketing plan. 
It has always been the marketing 
plan since my father started smoking when he was 13. He would say to me: Eddie, you have no idea how hard it is to stop. You have no idea how much I need to smoke and how much I need the nicotine. You could see it. He start-ed when he was a kid, and that is the way it begins because people don’t start smoking when they are 20 years of age. We all know that. Everyone lis-tening to me knows that, and that is why this marketing campaign is so in-vidious. That is why what they are doing plays right into what we have known for a century is the business plan of the tobacco industry. 
I urge the FDA to act. I urge the 
Members of this body to rise up to en-sure that we do not have another gen-eration that suffers the same fate as 
the previous generations have, in fact, had to live with, which is this addic-tion that was given to them at a very young age. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
opportunity to speak this afternoon, and I yield back the remainder of my time. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I echo 
the voices of my friends and colleagues, the Senators from Oregon, Massachu-setts, Ohio, and Rhode Island in calling on the FDA to act with all possible speed to issue final rules on regulating e-cigarettes. I want to thank especially my friend from Oregon, Senator M
ERKLEY , and my friend from Cali-
fornia, Senator B OXER , who have been 
real leaders on this issue. 
The Federal Government has an im-
perative to protect the public from dangerous products with commonsense restrictions. E-cigarettes are no excep-tion. Their use among middle schoolers and high schoolers has skyrocketed— tripled among high schoolers according to a recent National Youth Tobacco Survey—and their risks are numerous. 
E-cigarettes contain liquid nicotine, 
an addictive chemical which can im-pede brain development when con-sumed at a young age. 
And these liquid nicotine containers 
are often sold without child protection caps in many parts of the country—and there have been far too many tragedies already of young children accidentally ingesting liquid nicotine. In Fort Plain, in upstate New York, a toddler of 18 months lost his life in such an ac-cident—a terrible tragedy for two young parents. It is what propelled my home State to pass a requirement that all these liquid nicotine bottles be sold with child protection caps. 
But, as my colleagues pointed out, 
the companies that sell these e-ciga-rettes are largely unregulated at the Federal level. In terms of Federal pol-icy, e-cigarette companies are not even barred from selling to minors under the age of 18. So they market to children— on TV and on billboards and with child- friendly labels and flavors. According to a 2014 study, e-cigarette marketing exposure to children from 12 to 17 years old increased by 256 percent between 2011 and 2013. The FDA needs to be the adult in the room and put an end to these cynical marketing ploys. The FDA, including the new commissioner, seem ready and eager to use the To-bacco Deeming Rule to regulate e-ciga-rettes under the Family Smoking Pre-vention and Tobacco Control Act. We strongly support their posture, but we need them to strengthen and finalize these rules. It is time for the FDA to put our children first and promulgate these rules. 
Just yesterday, 31 prominent na-
tional organizations including, Cam-paign for Tobacco-Free Kids, Trust for America’s Health, the American Lung Association and the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics, sent a letter to the President asking the FDA to finalize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.050 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2559 April 30, 2015 
these regulations. Cigarette use has 
drastically declined in the last decade and we have made great strides in edu-cating children about their harmful ef-fects. E-cigarettes, with their mis-leading and trendy marketing, are threatening to set back that progress. Now it is time to snuff out the tactics that try to put kids on the path to smoking. 
Mr. MARKEY. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GORDON J. 
CHRISTENSEN 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, it is an 
honor today to pay tribute to a re-nowned educator and a highly regarded prosthodontist, Dr. Gordon J. Christensen. Dr. Christensen has had a meaningful impact on dentistry across the Nation, and he continues to influ-ence the field today through his wide- reaching publications. 
Appropriately, the board of directors 
of the CR Foundation will be honoring Dr. Christensen for his contributions to the field at its upcoming 40th Anniver-sary Celebration on May 8, 2015. 
Born on November 10, 1936, Gordon 
Christensen completed predental stud-ies at Utah State University in 1956 and received a DDS degree at the Univer-sity of Southern California in 1960. He completed a master’s degree in restora-tive dentistry at the University of Washington in 1963 and earned a PhD in higher education and psychology at the University of Denver in 1972. Dr. Christensen has also received honorary doctorate degrees from Utah State Uni-versity and Utah Valley University. 
In 1976, Dr. Christensen and his wife, 
Dr. Rella Christensen—a well-respected dental consultant—started Clinical Re-search Associates, now known as the CR Foundation. He is presently serving as CR’s chief executive officer and is a member of the board of directors. Dr. Christensen and his wife volunteer full- time for CR to conduct research in all areas of dentistry. 
The Christensens publish the findings 
of their research in the Gordon J. Christensen Clinicians Report, a publi-cation of the CR Foundation. The Cli-nicians Report is translated in 7 lan-guages and distributed to more than 
100,000 dentists across 92 countries. The Christensens have developed an expan-
sive readership, and their groundbreaking research has positively impacted the dental health of hundreds of thousands of patients worldwide. Dental professionals who subscribe to Clinicians Report are unreserved in their praise of Dr. Christensen. I would like to share some of the appreciation Dr. Christensen recently received from three dental professionals. Richard K. Dimsdale, DDS, wrote: ‘‘Dentistry would never have made the advances it has over many years without the help, guidance, & research you have contrib-uted!’’ Ted Cross, DDS, wrote: ‘‘The Gordon J. Christensen Clinicians Re-port has not only saved me tens of thousands of dollars of purchasing mis-takes, but has also immeasurably im-proved the care my staff and I offer our patients.’’ And Bob Dolan, DDS, wrote: ‘‘I recently retired after 54 years of practice. I believe I have been in con-tact with Gordon for 20 or 30 or more years and have really appreciated the great-unbiased information. Thank you Gordon (and your dear wife) for all you have done for me and for dentistry these many years.’’ 
Dr. Christensen also founded and di-
rects Practical Clinical Courses, PCC, in Utah, an international continuing education organization providing courses and videos for dental profes-sionals. In connection with PCC, he has presented over 45,000 hours of con-tinuing education throughout the world. 
As a frequent contributor to profes-
sional journals, Dr. Christensen holds editorial positions with 10 dental publi-cations. He is also the recipient of many fellowships, masterships, and di-plomas from various dental specialties and organizations worldwide. 
Early in his career, Dr. Christensen 
helped initiate the University of Ken-tucky and the University of Colorado Dental Schools. He also taught den-tistry courses at the University of Washington. 
For the Christensens, dentistry 
seems to run in the family. Both of Dr. Christensen’s sons work in the field: William is a prosthodontist and Mi-chael is a general dentist. The Christensen’s lovely daughter, Carlene, is making her own contributions as a teacher. 
After more than 55 years in private 
practice, Dr. Christensen remains ac-tive in treating patients. He continues to influence dentistry across the world through his continuing education lec-tures and the Clinicians Report. He is truly one of dentistry’s great leaders, and it is with great respect, gratitude, admiration, and affection that I pay tribute to Dr. Gordon J. Christensen. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NEVADA APPEAL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the 150th anniversary of the Nevada Appeal newspaper. May 16, 2015, marks 150 years since 
E.F. McElwain, J. Barrett, Marshall Robinson, and editor Henry Rust Mighels published the first issue of the Carson Daily Appeal in Nevada’s State capital, Carson City. Nevada had re-cently joined the Union, and the Daily Appeal soon began reporting on the im-portant issues facing the newly estab-lished State. 
For 150 years, the paper has dem-
onstrated its resilience and withstood a number of name changes and owners. One notable owner was Henry Mighels’ widow, Nellie Verrill Mighels, who in-herited the publication following Henry’s death in 1879. Covering local politics and a popular boxing match, Nellie earned her place among the Ap-peal’s journalists. Though her owner-ship of the paper was short-lived, she propelled the paper forward during her tenure. 
Today, the Appeal remains the long-
est continually running newspaper in Nevada and is among the oldest busi-nesses in Carson City. Decades of com-mitted staff and dedicated local read-ers have kept this important publica-tion and piece of Nevada history alive. I applaud the Nevada Appeal on its 150 years of quality journalism and wish the paper much continued success for years to come. 
f 
REMEMBERING REX CARR 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to pay my respects to a man who championed the underdogs of Metro East, IL. Rex Carr passed away on Monday at the age of 88. For over one- half century, people who were out of luck or injured could call on Rex Carr to be their champion. He did it with a style and grace that made him a legend in the community. 
Rex grew up in my hometown of East 
St. Louis. He was the second youngest of five boys. His mother was a teacher and father was a firefighter with the Il-linois Central Railroad. His family could not afford much and often had to move when they could not pay the rent. When Rex graduated from East St. Louis High School, he joined the Navy and served in the Pacific Theater during World War II. 
Rex would go on to attend college 
and law school at the University of Illi-nois. During summers, he worked fill-ing freight cars with ice and hitched a ride back and forth between home and the University of Illinois. 
In 1949, Rex finished law school and 
started practicing in East St. Louis. He was so poor that his first office was in the chambers of a friendly judge, where he could only work when the judge was busy in court. He earned $500 his first year of practice. But he would keep an office in East St. Louis for the rest of his life. 
In Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mocking 
Bird, Atticus Finch defined courage, ‘‘When you know you’re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.035 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2560 April 30, 2015 
You rarely win, but sometimes you 
do.’’ Rex did not win all his cases, but he won quite a few and always tried to see things to their end. Rex had that courage that Atticus Finch described. 
During the 1960s and 1970s, Rex 
earned a reputation as a civil rights and labor attorney. He fiercely fought for equal rights for African Americans and represented teachers in East St. Louis. 
By the end of the 1970s, Rex’s prac-
tice had turned toward personal injury, and he became a legend. He won na-tional acclaim as the best-prepared lawyer in Metro East and even made it into the Guinness Book of Records for three categories: the longest civil jury trial; the largest personal injury ver-dict at the time; and the largest libel verdict. 
The longest trial also was one of his 
proudest moments of his career. A tanker car carrying wood preservative with a dioxin contaminant spilled in Sturgeon, MO, injuring many of the town’s residents. He represented 65 of them. All but one of the parties settled with the residents. Chemical giant Monsanto, manufacturer of the dioxin, refused, and Rex took them to court. 
Rex fought for three and a half years 
in the case. There were 182 witnesses, 6,000 separate exhibits, and over 100,000 pages in transcript. Rex’s skill was on full display. He cross-examined a wit-ness for 6 months and then another witness for 5 months. The jury awarded the plaintiffs $16 million. An appeals court would disappoint him and the residents by reducing the award to $1 million. 
Rex went on to win many cases and 
mentor many young lawyers in Metro East. His career was about holding cor-porations responsible and ensuring his clients’ rights. Rex’s cross-examina-tions were the stuff of folklore. At 88 years old, he was still working out of his Missouri Avenue office in East St. Louis. It’s where he was from, and he wanted people to be able to come to him for help. 
Rex was a giant in Metro East. My 
thoughts and prayers go out to his four sons, Rex G. Carr of Vermont, Bruce Carr of Valparaiso, IN, Eric Reeve of Mack’s Creek, MO, and Glenn Carr of Columbia, IL; a daughter, Kathryn Marie Wheeler of Los Angeles, CA; 16 grandchildren; and 20 great-grand-children. 
f 
THE RUNAWAY AND HOMELESS 
YOUTH AND TRAFFICKING PRE-VENTION ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. Last week, the Senate 
considered a very important amend-ment to S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. Senator C
OLLINS  
and I offered amendment No. 290, the Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act, which was cosponsored by Senators A
YOTTE , MUR-
KOWSKI , BALDWIN , HEITKAMP , SHAHEEN , 
BENNET , M URPHY , M ERKLEY , SCHATZ , 
KLOBUCHAR , and B OOKER . As we crafted this legislation, Sen-
ator C OLLINS and I listened to the sto-
ries of survivors of human trafficking and the service providers who help them rebuild their lives. So many of these stories began with a homeless or runaway teen, scared and alone, and in need of a safe place to sleep. These young people were completely vulner-
able, and traffickers preyed upon their desperation. Survivors and service pro-viders underscored the importance of preventing human trafficking from happening in the first place by reau-thorizing the critical programs funded by the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. 
With their feedback in mind, we 
crafted S. 262, the Runaway and Home-less Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. We made important updates to en-sure that homeless youth service pro-viders are specifically trained to recog-nize victims of trafficking, address their unique traumas, and refer them to appropriate and caring services. 
Our bill will improve services for 
these vulnerable children in several ways. We lengthen the time that youth can stay in shelters from 21 days to 30 days, so they are better able to find stable housing. Kids who are forced out of shelters and back onto the streets before they are ready are more likely to become victims of exploitation. Our bill prioritizes suicide prevention serv-ices and family reunification efforts and expands aftercare services. Pro-viders know that such measures save children’s lives and help them build a more stable future with families and trusted adults. Under our bill, service providers will collect data on the de-mographics of youth who are served by their shelters to help understand their needs and refine their services. It en-courages grantees to examine the con-nection between youth who are victims of trafficking and any previous in-volvement in the foster care system or juvenile justice system in order to ad-dress the causes of youth homelessness. It further requires staff training on how to help youth apply for Federal student loans to help make college pos-sible for youth so they can build a more stable future. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth 
and Trafficking Prevention Act also in-cludes a crucial nondiscrimination pro-vision that would prevent discrimina-tion against youth based on their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or disability. We offered this important legislation as amendment No. 290 to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
We were very disappointed that it re-
ceived only 56 votes and failed to gar-ner the 60 votes necessary for passage, but we are encouraged that it received a strong bipartisan vote from a major-ity of the Senate. I want to thank the 54 other Senators who voted for this legislation: Senators A
YOTTE , BALDWIN , 
BENNET , BLUMENTHAL , BOOKER , BOXER , 
BROWN , C ANTWELL , C APITO , C ARDIN , CARPER , C ASEY , C OONS , D ONNELLY , 
DURBIN , F EINSTEIN , F RANKEN , G ILLI-
BRAND , HEINRICH , HEITKAMP , HELLER , 
HIRONO , KAINE, KING, KIRK, KLOBUCHAR , 
MANCHIN , MARKEY , MCCASKILL , MENEN -
DEZ, MERKLEY , MIKULSKI , MURKOWSKI , 
MURPHY , M URRAY , N ELSON , P AUL, 
PETERS , PORTMAN , REED, REID, SAND-
ERS, SCHATZ , SCHUMER , SHAHEEN , STA-
BENOW , S ULLIVAN , T ESTER , T OOMEY , 
UDALL , WARNER , WARREN , WHITEHOUSE , 
and W YDEN . We appreciate their sup-
port and their dedication to working to prevent vulnerable youth from becom-ing victims of human trafficking. 
I especially applaud Senators C
OL-
LINS, H EITKAMP , A YOTTE , and M UR-
KOWSKI for their help fighting to get a 
vote on this amendment. Their leader-ship on this issue is exceptional, and the Senate is better for having them as Members. 
I also want to thank the tireless ad-
vocates who have worked so hard to help us improve the bill and urge sup-port for the effort: Darla Bardine, with National Network for Youth; Jennifer Pike and David Stacy, with Human Rights Campaign; Cyndi Lauper and Gregory Lewis, with the True Colors Fund; Bridget Petruczok and Laura Durso, with the Center for American Progress; Melysa Sperber, with the Al-liance to End Slavery and Trafficking; Holly Austin Smith, Jayne Bigelsen, and Kevin Ryan, with Covenant House; Calvin Smith and Kreig Pinkham, with the Vermont Coalition of Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs; Erin Albright, with Give Way to Freedom; Griselda Vega, with Safe Horizon; Susan Burton, with the United Meth-odist Church; and the many others who provided us with their feedback as we drafted this important legislation. They are the true experts in this field and their insights and contributions were invaluable. 
This is not the end for the Runaway 
and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. As I have said time and again, we must protect the most vulnerable among us, and we must do everything we can to prevent the hei-nous crime of human trafficking from occurring. It is vital that we update and reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. We will continue to fight to see the passage of the Run-away and Homeless Youth and Traf-ficking Prevention Act. 
f 
THANKING AMERICAN DIPLOMATS 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
today to take a moment to honor the American diplomats who serve our country. Specifically, I want to thank the American diplomats who have been on the front lines working for America throughout the Iran nuclear P5+1 nego-tiations. They address so many vital issues on a daily basis, some of which we hear about in the news but many of which never reach the headlines. 
The Corker-Cardin bill is now on the 
floor, addressing the role of Congress in a final deal with Iran. I hope there will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.034 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2561 April 30, 2015 
be deliberative, thorough debate 
around this important issue. I want to put aside the partisan bellowing and grandstanding, some of which has re-grettably stooped to impugn our dip-lomats, and rather take a moment to recognize our diplomats for their ef-forts to find peaceful solutions to the Iranian nuclear menace that threatens the world. 
For 2 years, America’s diplomats 
have labored quietly, with no aspira-tion for personal accolade, to represent our Nation’s best intersts and build the foundation for a possible P5+1 agree-ment with Iran. The United States has had little contact with Iran since 1979, but their shrewdness and duplicity at the negotiating table is well known. It has been a huge task with no certainty of outcome. There have been innumer-able hurdles. There have been many setbacks, and there will be more. But our diplomats have stayed steady, fo-cused on the task at hand. 
Diplomacy is about understanding 
strategic motivations, applying fact and science to argument, and main-taining an unwavering commitment to American values and interests throughout complex talks with an untrustworthy and difficult foe. Amer-ica’s diplomats have done so with focus and integrity. 
During the negotiations, American 
diplomats have also been supported and informed by a tremendous cadre of American experts: scientists, intel-ligence professionals, civilian experts, members of the military and aca-demics. This process has been a collec-tive effort that has drawn on the coun-try’s best and brightest. 
There was once a time when politics 
ended at the water’s edge, but in recent years we have seen the erosion of that principle and, instead, a rise in the practice of subsuming the interests of the country to tactical political objec-tives. The leadership of our diplomats is critical and needed now more than ever, and I want them to know—we value and appreciate you. Regardless of what you might think of the talks in the first place, the dedication of Amer-ica’s diplomats has made us all proud. For that, I thank them. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEAGHAN M CCARTHY 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today 
I wish to pay tribute to a devoted pub-lic servant and tireless friend of the people of Washington State as she moves on from the staff of the United States Senate. Meaghan McCarthy has dedicated nearly 13 years in service to the Appropriations Committee and is widely recognized for her expertise in housing policy. I know that back in Washington State, here in the Senate, and across the country—Ms. McCarthy’s important work has helped so many people find affordable housing and get back on their feet. I know so many will miss her compassionate ad-vocacy on behalf of those facing hous-ing challenges, from veterans requiring supportive housing, to working-class 
families that need a helping hand to re-main in safe and affordable homes, and so many more. 
A Massachusetts native and graduate 
of Notre Dame and Johns Hopkins Uni-versity, Ms. McCarthy began her career in public policy as an advocate for chil-dren, working at the Children’s Defense Fund. She then joined the Appropria-
tions Committee as professional staff, where she developed a keen under-standing of complex Federal housing policy. As a top staff member on the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban De-velopment, and Related Agencies, Ms. McCarthy has overseen and helped fund key affordable housing supports that make sure millions of people across the country have access to high-quality af-fordable housing. From tenant vouch-ers provided through the section 8 pro-gram to homeless assistance grants, supportive HUD-VASH vouchers for our veterans, and public housing funds, Ms. McCarthy has worked hand-in- hand with housing officials in my State to make sure Washington State fami-lies receive the resources they need. 
It is so clear to me that Washington 
State has benefited from Ms. McCarthy’s hard work, vast knowledge, and compassion for people and families fighting to make ends meet. During my time as the subcommittee’s chair, I was always thankful that she was working on my State’s behalf. Many of our housing advocates and authorities have reached out to my office to ex-press their appreciation for her work. They have called her a ‘‘critical bridge between Washington state’s commu-nities and our nation’s big-picture, broad-stroke policy and budget ma-chinery,’’ someone who translated real- world neighborhood needs into action in a complex Federal bureaucracy. 
Ms. McCarthy’s work has had real 
and measurable impacts in Washington State communities. Stephen Norman, the executive director of the King County Housing Authority, was kind enough to share an anecdote wherein Ms. McCarthy pioneered a program to fund community facilities adjacent to public housing, which he called ‘‘a cross-cutting initiative that recognized the importance of education success for low income children and the opportuni-ties created by partnering schools and Housing Authorities.’’ When HUD’s draft rules effectively excluded subur-ban communities, which require a net-work of smaller facilities, Ms. McCar-thy did what she does best: she went to work to solve the problem and change the rules. And change them she did. Now, King County has a network of 14 youth facilities, serving some of the poorest families in the region and help-ing children to reach their potential and to realize their dreams. 
Today I join with others throughout 
the country, the State of Washington, and this body in thanking Ms. McCar-thy for her years of service. I congratu-late her on all of her accomplishments and wish her the best of luck in her fu-
ture endeavors. 
f 
WORLD PRESS FREEDOM DAY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I 
commemorate World Press Freedom Day 2015 on May 3, 2015—a day reserved to celebrate the value of freedom of press and the critical role it serves in creating a more free and open society. In its highest forms, the press does not simply inform, but brings attention to atrocities around the world, provides checks on authoritarian governments, and catalyzes better governance. 
The United States has recognized the 
great value of freedom of the press from its inception and in its Declara-tion of Universal Rights, the United Nations acknowledged the profound role of this fundamental right. On May 3, 1991, in the Windhoek Declaration, the U.N. recommitted itself to this im-portant cause with a call to arms to protect the right of the press ‘‘to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and re-gardless of frontiers.’’ 
A pluralistic and free press is essen-
tial to the development and mainte-nance of democracy as well as eco-nomic development. According to Free-dom House’s 2014 Freedom of the Press Index, only 14 percent of the world’s citizens live in countries that enjoy a free press. In every other corner of the world, freedom of the press is threat-ened by governments that want to re-strict freedom of expression and asso-ciation by harassing and intimidating journalists. According to Reporters Without Borders, 69 journalists and 19 citizen journalists were killed in 2014 in connection with their collection and dissemination of news and information, and the Committee to Protect Journal-ists, found that in that same year the 3 deadliest countries for journalists on assignment were Syria, Ukraine, and Iraq. Today we honor all journalists who have been imprisoned or killed while seeking to tell a story that de-serves to be told and needs to be heard. 
The weekend of April 25 marked the 
1-year anniversary of the arrest of three independent journalists and six bloggers in Ethiopia known as the ‘‘Zone 9 bloggers.’’ The reporters, who published articles criticizing the gov-ernment, have been charged under Ethiopia’s Anti-Terrorism Proclama-tion, seemingly in connection with their writings. They remain in jail to this day, their trial once again post-poned until after the Ethiopian elec-tions. Unfortunately, this sort of im-prisonment is not an isolated incident in Ethiopia. According to Human Rights Watch, Ethiopia has the second largest number of journalists in exile and the largest number of imprisoned journalists and bloggers in all of sub- Saharan Africa. 
I and a number of my colleagues 
wrote Secretary Kerry in March about our ongoing concern with efforts by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.058 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2562 April 30, 2015 
Ethiopian government to restrict free-
dom of speech and association in Ethi-opia. In recent months numerous media publications have closed amid widespread harassment, and the Ethio-pian government continues to control most television and radio broadcasting content. Today, I again urge the Ethio-pian government to respect freedom of expression and freedom of the press— especially in advance of the May 24 elections. Anti-terrorism laws must not be used for political gain or to sti-fle the expression of dissenting polit-ical views. 
The continued imprisonment of 
Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, who remains in Iran on al-leged espionage charges, is another ex-ample of the immense duress that jour-nalists around the world endure. Mr. Rezaian, an esteemed and respected professional journalist, has been im-prisoned in Tehran since July 22. As the United States and Iran continue to negotiate a nuclear agreement, it is important that we not forget about Jason Rezaian, an Iranian-American who deserves to be free. 
And, finally, the world will never for-
get the brutal and barbaric murder of American reporter James Foley by the Islamic State this past summer. His death reminds us that it is not only op-pressive governments that threaten journalists, but terrorist organizations as well. Foley’s life’s work chronicling the war torn countries of Afghanistan and Syria speaks to a deep commit-ment to the truth, a desire to tell the story of the world’s most vulnerable and the right to freedom of the press even in the gravest of circumstances. This is what freedom of the press is all about. 
As witnesses to the good that free 
press provides to society and the threat that it faces, we have a responsibility to stand against injustice, to tell the stories of these brave journalists and others in the hopes of securing their freedom and preventing future trage-dies from occurring. As George Mason said in 1776, ‘‘The freedom of the press is one of the greatest bulwarks of lib-erty, and can never be restrained but by despotic governments.’’ On World Press Freedom Day 2015, the United States and governments around the world must recommit themselves to protecting press freedom in order to enable democracy to flourish and good governance to prevail. 
f 
NATIONAL OUTDOOR LEADERSHIP 
SCHOOL 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this 
year we commemorate the 50th anni-versary of NOLS, the National Outdoor Leadership School. What started in Wyoming has now grown to 14 loca-tions worldwide on six continents. NOLS locations stretch from the fjords of Norway and the Indian Himalayas to the Yukon and east Africa. 
In the last 50 years there have been 
over 250,000 graduates ranging in ages from 14 to over 70 years old. They come 
from all walks of life, from all 50 States, and numerous countries around the world. They come to learn moun-taineering, kayaking, horse packing, sailing, backcountry skiing, caving, and wilderness medicine skills, just to name a few. 
As a doctor, I appreciate the impor-
tance NOLS places on outdoor medi-cine. The Wyss Wilderness Medicine Campus was designed and located to create an optimal learning environ-ment for students of wilderness medi-cine. At the campus, classroom experi-ence extends to the outdoors with real- life simulations in wild and realistic terrain. 
I find it very appropriate NOLS has 
its beginning in Wyoming. Like Wyo-ming, NOLS supports a diverse eco-nomic portfolio that benefits from en-ergy, agriculture, hunting and fishing, tourism, and outdoor recreation and education. Wyoming and NOLS both work towards a balanced approach to natural resource management that pro-vides opportunities for a diversified en-ergy portfolio while caring for Wyo-ming’s world-class wildlife and wild places. 
One need not look any further than 
Lander, WY, for an example of bal-anced natural resource management. Lander is home to NOLS and gateway to the Wind River Range. At times, Lander has been a steel town and a supply hub during the gold boom. Today, Lander continues to be rich with energy and agricultural produc-tion. 
Wyoming and NOLS have shared 
strong leaders who work to find prag-matic and inclusive solutions to land management challenges. John Gans is one of those leaders. John has success-fully carried on the tradition estab-lished by Paul Petzoldt, the founder of NOLS. After 20 years at the helm, he is the longest serving executive director of NOLS. Under John Gans’ leadership, NOLS has been recognized nine times as one of the best places to work for. In 2012, he was recognized as a White House Champion of Change for his com-mitment to youth, wilderness and lead-ership. 
While NOLS’ international programs 
have grown immensely during his time, John values the connections that exist between the town of Lander, NOLS staff, and graduates. Phil Nicholas, Marc Randolph, and Tori McClure are just a few examples of many graduates who have gone on to become successful businesspeople, educators, and leaders in the community and the Nation. Phil Nicholas is the current Wyoming Sen-ate president and a former NOLS in-structor. Tori McClure was the first woman to row solo across the Atlantic Ocean and the first woman to ski to the South Pole. Marc Randolph is a Co-founder of Netflix. 
One of the things that make NOLS 
alumni so successful is they have learned how to make decisions and face adversity. NOLS students suffer through extreme heat and cold and all 
types of weather conditions. NOLS stu-dents make decisions with con-sequences, and they apply these lessons to their lives. They come home with a new perspective on the world around them and their role within it. 
In this day and age of selfies and in-
stant gratification, we need more peo-ple—and especially the youth—to real-ize they may not be the center of the universe. A perspective of hard work, sacrifice, and an appreciation and re-spect for nature needs to be taught and needs to be learned. In previous genera-tions, this perspective was provided on family farms and ranches across the country. Gratefully, thanks to all the hard work and dedication of the NOLS staff, NOLS courses continue to pro-vide this perspective to future leaders. I am confident in the future leadership of our communities and Nation because I know tomorrow’s leaders are receiv-ing NOLS instruction and experience today. 
Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in congratulating the National Outdoor Leadership School on their 50th anniversary. We are looking for-ward to another 50 years of success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FUTURE MEMBERS 
OF THE ARMED FORCES 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor 423 high school seniors in 8 Northeast Ohio counties for their deci-sion to enlist in the U.S. Armed Forces. Of these 423 seniors from 120 high schools in 105 towns and cities, 97 will enter the Army, 127 will enter the Marine Corps, 42 will enter the Navy, 24 will enter the Air Force, 3 will enter the Coast Guard, 123 will enter our Ohio Army National Guard, and 7 will enter the Ohio Air National Guard. In the presence of their parents/guardians, high school counselors, military lead-ers, and city and business leaders, all 423 will be recognized on May 6, 2015, by Our Community Salutes of Northeast Ohio. 
In a few short weeks, these young 
men and women will join with many of their classmates in celebration of their high school graduation. At a time when many of their peers are looking for-ward to pursuing vocational training or college degrees, or are uncertain about their future, these young men and women instead have chosen to dedicate themselves to military service in defense of our rights, our freedoms, and our country. They should know that they have the full support of this Senate Chamber and the American peo-ple, who are with them in whatever challenges may lie ahead. 
These 423 young men and women are 
the cornerstone of our liberties. It is thanks to their dedication and the dedication of an untold number of pa-triots just like them that we are able to meet here today, in the Senate, and openly debate the best solutions to the many diverse problems that confront 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.025 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2563 April 30, 2015 
our country. It is thanks to their sac-
rifices that the United States of Amer-ica remains a beacon of hope and free-dom in a dangerous world. We are grateful to them, and we are grateful to their parents and their communities for instilling in them not only the mental and physical abilities our Armed Forces require, but also the character, the values, and the dis-cipline that lead someone to put serv-ice to our Nation over self. 
I would like to personally thank 
these 423 graduating seniors for volun-teering to risk their lives in defense of our Nation. We owe them, along with all those who serve our country, a deep debt of gratitude. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the names of the 
423 high school seniors. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES ARMY —97 
Abrams—Cleveland; Apathy—Brook Park; 
Ashford—Maple Heights; Axford—Elyria; Ballew—Akron; Barnett—Akron; Barton— Ravenna; Bate-Keck—Garfield Heights; Beckwith—Madison; Berry—Strongsville; Best—Bay Village; Black—Cleveland; Bodi— Parma; Borkowski—Akron; Brown—Elyria; Bures—Medina; Chesek—North Royalton; Colon—Parma; Corcino—Lorain; Currence— Geneva; Daley—Olmsted Township; Farmer— Cleveland; Fernandez—Bay Village; Fields— Ravenna; Forcier—Mantua; Garcia-Kilrain— Elyria; Gargasz—Amherst; Gerez— Garretsville; Gibson—Conneaut; Goan— Lakewood; Griffie—Brook Park; Gronowski—Parma; Grzelak—Barberton; Guest—Elyria; Hadden—Garfield Heights; Hathaway—Ravenna; Haught—Lorain; Heiser—Strongsville; Hill—Norton; John-son—Akron; Jordan—Maple Heights; Kaur— Solon; Kerestly—Seville; Kessler—Wads-worth; Klimavicius—Garfield Heights; Lacey—Aurora; Lambert—Medina; Lemasters—Diamond; Leon Gonzalez—Lo-rain; Lindsey—Lyndhurst. 
Loughridge—Brunswick; Lyons—Ravenna; 
Madeja—Cleveland; Marizek—Painesville; Mcgaha—Ravenna; Meacham—Akron; Mil-ler—Parma; Mitchell—Brooklyn; Mitchell— Ravenna; Montas Correa—Elyria; Murphy— Painesville; Olavarria—Ashtabula; Palmer— Grafton; Privara—Barberton; Ray—Akron; Razo—Painesville; Reese—Cuyahoga Falls; Reinhardt—Amherst; Rhinehardt— Twinsburg; Rigda—North Olmsted; Rubsam—Brook Park; Ryman—Akron; Sal-vage—Strongsville; Sams—Wellington; Schoen—Medina; Shahan—Mantua; Sherrill—Elyria; Shorter—Wadsworth; Shumaker—Wellington; Simmons—Berea; Slusher—Mentor; Smiley—Cleveland; Steele—Cleveland; Storey—Chesterland; Szabo—Elryia; Torres—Cleveland; Tryon— Copley; Turley—Cleveland; Van Horn—Cleve-land; Vong—Elyria; West—Cleveland; Wiley—Lorain; Williams—Solon; Wilson— Olmsted Falls; Winston—North Olmsted; Witherspoon—Olmsted Township; Zurowski—Macedonia. 
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS —127 
Abbenhaus—Brook Park; Angeles- 
Ballesteros—Solon; Bish—Streetsboro; Bodjanac—Stow; Boesken—Olmsted Falls; Brown—Cleveland; Brown—Lorain; Caraballo—Berea; Casey—Geneva; Choby— Concord Township; Christoff—Stow; Cook— Middlefield; Cool—Wadsworth; Cooney—Ge-neva; Cooper—Akron; Criddle—Akron; Cum-mings—Bedford; Curtis—Aurora; Dabney— Cleveland; Dautartus—Parma; Davis—Cleve-
land; Dean—Vermilion; Denton—Brunswick; Dolly—Kent; Douangpanya—Akron; Drope— Garfield Heights; Dudley—Akron; Estremera—Strongsville; Fatica— Willoughby; Faupelcresong—Uniontown; Fleshman—Akron; Folley—Lorain; For-ester—Akron; Fox—Grafton; Garrett— Akron; Garrow—Columbia Station. 
Geiss—Brunswick; Gilbert—Painesville; 
Gingell—Cleveland; Grimmett—Akron; Gump—Elyria; Haas—Copley; Hamilton— Hudson; Hathaway—Akron; Hawkins— Doylestown; Headen—Stow; Herrlinger— 
Akron; Hoover—Brunswick; Hopkins—Bruns-wick; Howes—Vermilion; Huff—Elyria; Huff—Solon; Huston—Brooklyn; Jackson— Chardon; Jennings—Hartville; Jerse—Cleve-land; Johnson—Bedford Heights; Jones— Westlake; Jorgensen—South Euclid; Kel-logg—Brunswick; Kelly—Medina; Kerestesy—Jefferson; Kinds—Cleveland Heights; Kravchuk—Mayfield; Ksajikyan— Parma; Lahtonen—Tallmadge; Lamatrice— Garfield Heights; Larson—Lakewood; Lla-mas—Painesville; Lowry—Eastlake; Lundmark—Bay Village; Lunsford—Cuya-hoga Falls; Mariner—Parma; Marks—Gene-va; Matejovich—Solon; McKenna—Elyria; Mencke—Austinburg; Midkiff—Amherst; Moore—Cleveland; Myers—Shaker Heights. 
Nowak—Brunswick; Nystrom—Euclid; 
Oberstar III—Ashtabula; O’Donnell—Lake-wood; O’Keefe—Solon; O’Neill—Elyria; Payne—Parma; Peterson—Independence; Pilar—Homerville; Prosen—Peninsula; Rahe—Westlake; Rakovec—Painesville; Rall—Cleveland; Rios—Vermilion; Robishaw—Seville; Rosado—Cleveland; Sabo—Akron; Salyer—Chagrin Falls; Santi— Lakewood; Scott—Euclid; Seditz—Brook Park; Seredich—Strongsville; Smiechowski—Wadsworth; Smith—Cuya-hoga Falls; Smith—Uniontown; Solon— Brook Park; Sprague—Mentor; Stergar— Lakewood; Stewart—Wellington; Susakheil—Parma; Swails—Painesville; Syl-vester—Westlake; Tinch—Barberton; Trevino—Akron; Turkovich—Geneva; Tur-ner—Mayfield; Van Pelt—Painesville; Vasquez—Lorain; Walters—Wellington; Weimer—Lodi; Whitney—Norton; Willett— Strongsville; Williams—Shaker Heights; Woodruff—North Olmsted; Wright—Rome; Zindash—Jefferson; Zuchowsky—Wadsworth. 
UNITED STATES NAVY —42 
Adorno, W.—Lorain; Adorno, Z.—Westlake; 
Ainsworth—North Ridgeville; Beebe—Ash-tabula; Botez—Hartville; Cassity—Paines-ville; Darby—Cleveland; DeJesus— Northfield; Eddleman—Akron; Elliot— Uniontown; Esparza—Tallmadge; Giddens— Cleveland; Green—Cleveland; Hanna—Ash-tabula; Hennessey—Bloomfield; Hutch-inson—Cleveland; Johnson—Akron; Kobernik—Jefferson; Krendick—North Can-ton; Kusar—Kirtland; Maillis—Copley; Malon—Chardon; Marrero—Cleveland; Mayberry—Ashtabula; Miller—Elyria; Moore—Lorain; Morey—Solon; Morgan— Conneaut; Morrison—Akron; Navarro— Cleveland; Panteloukas—Cleveland; Pasko— Ashtabula; Patterson—Wadsworth; Pechatsko—Eastlake; Quaider—Medina; Root—Conneaut; Sayre—Akron; Scheier— Brunswick; Sutton—Orwell; Wallish— Northfield; Winters—Roaming Shores; Zahorai—Brunswick. 
UNITES STATES AIR FORCE —24 
Burgess—Cleveland; Butcher—Madison; 
Dolan—Elyria; Duffield—Westlake; Dun-stan—Elyria; Ewing—Elyria; Fitzgerald— Medina; Hill—South Euclid; Lewis—Mentor; Loper—Parma; Lunato, Jr.—Grafton; Merriweather—Wickliffe; Miranda—Elyria; Moran—Medina; Paalz—Berea; Richter— Eastlake; Rivera—Berea; Ryder— Strongsville; Searight—Bedford; Smith— 
Bedford; Smith—Kirtland; Thomas—Madi-son; Washington—Berea; Yehl—Chardon. 
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD —3 
Chiyam—Fairview Park; Mullis—Akron; 
Tryon—Eastlake. 
OHIO ARMY NATIONAL GUARD —123 
Abrams—Ashtabula; Alicea—Cleveland; 
Bascomb—Cleveland; Becker—Dorset; Bernardo—Ashtabula; Blackburn— Beachwood; Boston—Hartville; Brown— Shaker Heights; Brown—Ashtabula; Brown, Jr—New Franklin; Burgos—Cleveland; Burks—Chagrin Falls; Camera—Wakeman; Cavett—Cleveland; Christian —Elyria; Col-lins—Richmond Heights; Crider—Maple Heights; Cronan—Hudson; Dean—Akron; Dennis—Twinsburg; Denson, Jr.—Barberton; Drawkulich—Springfield; Dvorak—Chagrin Falls; Eckenrode—Madison; Endsley—Am-herst; Eshelman—Chagrin Falls; Evans— Richmond Heights; Flowers—Wakeman; Friend—Wellington; Frolo—North Royalton; Funk—Akron; Gautschi—Geneva; Gonzalez— Lorain; Gray—Lakewood; Greene— Twinsburg; Gruszka—Northfield; Guardo— Chardon; Guerra—Lakewood; Hammond— Berea; Hancock—Canton; Hensal—Clinton; Hernandez—Cleveland; Hernandez—Parma; Hodges—Strongsville; Hunt—Brooklyn; Hurtt—Cleveland; Jancik—Lakewood. 
Johnson—Stow; Kirby—Mentor-on-the- 
Lake; Ladow Ferguson—Akron; Leski— Avon; Lewis—Windham; Locklear—Cleve-land; Losey—Painesville; Lostetter—Cuya-hoga Falls; Maldonado—Cleveland; Mallory— Rome; Marino—South Euclid; Mason—Cleve-land Heights; McEntee—Valley View; McGraw—Tallmadge; McMullen—LaGrange; Miller—Conneaut; Miller—Grafton; Miller— Wadsworth; Minor—Hudson; Mollick—Ash-tabula; Moore—Barberton; Moore—Cleve-land; Moore—Uniontown; Moreno—Cleve-land; Mullins—Cleveland; Myers—Akron; Ness—Painesville; Novah-Avila—Brooklyn Heights; Novello—Burton; Ogden—Bar-berton; Panar, Jr.—Akron; Parsons—Elyria; Patterson—Elyria; Perkins—Jefferson; Plants—Ashtabula; Player—Cleveland. 
Powers—Cleveland; Prater—Medina; 
Priem—Orwell; Pruitt—Garfield Heights; Raser—Mentor; Reinhart—Uniontown; Rinas—Olmsted Township; Rivers—Akron; Rondeau—North Olmsted; Rose—Elyria; Rowe—Hartville; Ruyf—Olmsted Falls; Sand-ers, Jr.—Akron; Semak—Painesville Town-ship; Shiner—Kent; Singh—Brooklyn; Smith—Akron; Somerville—Stow; Sporcich, Jr.—Ashtabula; Stallworth—Copley; Star-ling—Barberton; Stokes—Lakewood; Sturgill—Valley City; Sudyk—Painesville; Sundman—Rock Creek; Tabler—Cuyahoga Falls; Taylor, G.—Cleveland; Taylor, J/— Cleveland; Tester—Elyria; Thompson— Akron; Thompson—Cleveland; Turner— Cleveland; VanHorn—Elyria; Vaughn—Hud-son; Wadesisi—Cleveland; Walls—Euclid; Weigel—Painesville; Wheeler—Hiram; Whit-ten—Lorain; Woodward—Akron. 
OHIO AIR GUARD —7 
Allen—Middleburg Heights; Birchler— 
Navarre; Day—Norton; Handwerk II—Me-dina; Little—Norwalk; Wehrmeyer—Ryan; Wooley—Boardman. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING JOANNE 
FARRIS 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate COL Joanne Farris on her recent selection as the first female brigade commander in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.036 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2564 April 30, 2015 
history of the Nevada National Guard. 
Colonel Farris assumed command of the 991st Multi-Functional Brigade, overseeing more than 700 soldiers, in-cluding the Nevada Army Guard’s avia-tion assets. It gives me great pleasure to recognize her achievement in this historic moment. 
Colonel Farris joined the Guard over 
25 years ago as a private first class and was later commissioned from the Uni-versity of Nevada, Reno ROTC Pro-gram in 1991. She then continued her studies and earned her master’s from Clayton College in 2004, the same year she graduated from the Commander and General Staff College. She is cur-rently working towards completion of her second year of War College and is scheduled to graduate this summer. 
Colonel Farris formerly commanded 
the 1–69th Press Camp Headquarters, which deployed to Bosnia in 1999. She also served as command information officer for the State of Nevada, 1–421st Regional Training Institute executive officer, Joint Force Headquarters com-mander, and as the Nevada Guard State family program director. In 2011, she deployed to Afghanistan with the 401st Army Field Support Brigade. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to 
Colonel Farris for her courageous con-tributions to the United States of America. Her unwavering dedication to her career is commendable, and she stands as a role model to future gen-erations of heroes. Colonel Farris’ serv-ice to her country and her bravery earn her a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly de-fended our Nation. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. Equally as important, it is cru-cial that female servicemembers and veterans have access to their specific health care needs. There are countless distinguished women who have made sacrifices beyond measure and deserve nothing but the best treatment. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for our veterans and service-members in Nevada and throughout the Nation and will continue to fight until this becomes a reality. 
During her tenure, Colonel Farris has 
demonstrated professionalism, com-mitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of the Nevada Guard. I am both humbled and honored by her service and am proud to call her a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing Colo-nel Joanne Farris for all of her accom-plishments and wish her well in all of her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JODY SHERVANICK 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize Jody Shervanick for her tireless efforts in supporting Ne-vada’s veterans, active military mem-bers, and their families. Ms. 
Shervanick volunteers 7 days a week to give back to the brave men and women who defend our freedom and their fami-lies. She has contributed greatly to the Las Vegas military community and to the greater good of the Silver State. 
Having grown up as a military child, 
Ms. Shervanick understands the trials of a military family. She stands as a shining example of someone who has 
devoted her life to the betterment of others, selflessly serving to bring hap-piness to our Nation’s heroes each day. It is important to thank not only the men and women serving this great Na-tion, but also their families who make so many sacrifices. Her service to these families is invaluable. 
Ms. Shervanick helps with care for 
veterans and military members with mental illness, such as post-traumatic stress, and aids in times of uncertainty for military families, providing food, financial aid, and childcare. She hosts special events for families stationed at Creech and Nellis Air Force Bases. Ms. Shervanick coordinates the ‘‘World’s Largest Baby Shower,’’ for wives of ac-tive military or female members sta-tioned at Creech and Nellis Air Force Bases, puts on multiple Christmas par-ties for the children at Nellis Air Force Base, spearheads an annual Easter party for the children at Nellis Air Force Base, and will be putting on a ‘‘Mom’’ster and Son Halloween bash in October. I have had the opportunity to attend one of Ms. Shervanick’s Oper-ation Showers of Appreciation Military Baby Showers in Las Vegas, and I know firsthand the positive impact her ef-forts have on military families. She works with volunteers to make pillow slips for deployed military members with pictures of their children. Her commitment to these families is with-out limit. She is truly a role model to all Nevadans. 
Ms. Shervanick’s hard work has not 
gone without notice. She received ‘‘Cit-izen of the Month’’ from Mayor Caro-lyn Goodman of the city of Las Vegas in December 2014, a plaque recognizing her service from Governor Brian Sandoval, and has been recognized by News 3 KSNV, 8 News Now KLAS, and FOX 5 KVVU for her service to vet-erans and military families. I extend my deepest gratitude to Ms. Shervanick for her noble contributions to the Las Vegas military community. Her service to Nevada places her among the outstanding men and women of the State and her accolades are well deserved. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing Ms. Shervanick and her work with active military members, veterans, and their families. Her efforts are both honorable and necessary. I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOUISIANA’S 
LEMONADE DAY 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, Satur-
day, May 2, 2015, marks the fifth an-nual Louisiana Lemonade Day during 
which thousands of children across the Pelican State will start their own small business—a lemonade stand. This free, statewide program is dedicated to teaching children how to start, own, and operate their own business, and in the last 5 years, Lemonade Day has provided more than 50,000 children across Louisiana with the opportunity to become entrepreneurs. 
On Lemonade Day, thousands of chil-
dren will open their own lemonade stands and learn the crucial lessons of salesmanship, competition, and mar-keting. They will be introduced to cru-cial business skills, like supply and de-mand, critical thinking and problem solving, and civic responsibility. Lem-onade Day encourages young entre-preneurs to save one-third of their profits, share one-third of their profits, and spend one-third of their profits. They are even urged to open a youth savings account. These simple, yet im-portant lessons will shape future gen-erations of business leaders, and hope-fully, instill some good money-man-aging practices that will help them later in life. 
The secret to America’s success lies 
within the innovation and creativity of American entrepreneurs. Urging our Nation’s youth to develop their big ideas is critical for securing the future of our country’s economic stability. On its fifth anniversary, I would like to recognize Louisiana’s Lemonade Day and the role it plays in fostering entre-preneurial spirits in the lives of our Nation’s youths. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT TO THE UNITED STATES 
CONGRESS SUPPORTING THE UN-DERLYING OBJECTIVES OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION (THE ‘‘COMMIS-SION’’)—PM 15 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.044 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2565 April 30, 2015 
To the Congress of the United States: 
My Administration fully supports the 
underlying objectives of the rec-ommendations that the Military Com-pensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission (the ‘‘Commission’’) offered in January. These recommenda-tions represent an important step for-ward in protecting the long-term via-bility of the All-Volunteer Force, im-proving quality-of-life for service mem-bers and their families, and ensuring the fiscal sustainability of the military compensation and retirement systems. 
As I directed in my letter of March 
30, my team has worked with the Com-mission to further analyze the rec-ommendations and identify areas of agreement. At this time I am prepared to support specific proposals for 10 of the Commission’s 15 recommendations, either as proposed or with modifica-tions that have been discussed among the Department of Defense, other agen-cies, and the Commission. These in-clude the following: 
Survivor Benefit Plan Financial Education Medical Personnel Readiness Department of Defense and Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Collaboration 
Child Care Service Member Education Transition Assistance Nutritional Financial Assistance Dependent Space-Available Travel Report on Military Connected De-
pendents 
In some instances, the Department of 
Defense is already taking actions to implement these recommendations, and I will direct the Department to de-velop plans to complete this implemen-tation. In those areas where legislation is required, I expect the Secretary of Defense to transmit to the Congress on my behalf the relevant legislative pro-posals, which I recommend be enacted without delay. 
With respect to the remaining rec-
ommendations, given their complexity and our solemn responsibility to ensure that any changes further the objectives above, we will continue working with the Commission to understand how the following proposals would affect the All-Volunteer Force: 
Blended Retirement System Reserve Component Duty Statuses Exceptional Family Member’s Sup-
port 
Commissary and Exchange Consoli-
dation 
I believe there is merit in all of these 
recommendations and that they de-serve careful consideration and study. I will ensure that the Congress is kept apprised of this ongoing work. 
Finally, I agree with the Commission 
that we need to continue to improve the military health care system. The health care reforms proposed in my Fiscal Year 2016 Budget are a good first step and offer service members, retir-ees, and their families more control and choice over their health care deci-sions. This remains a critical issue, and my Administration will work with the Commission and interested Members of 
Congress in the coming months to de-velop additional reform proposals for consideration as part of my Fiscal Year 2017 Budget. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , April 30, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:27 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 651. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
At 4:13 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 43. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Capitol, and Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 651. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1498. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Kenneth E. Floyd, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1499. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Department of En-ergy Process to Consider LNG Export Appli-cations’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–1500. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0519); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1501. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a 
Middle East country (OSS–2015–0517); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1502. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–142); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1503. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Phenol, 2-(2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-6- dodecyl-4-methyl-; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9925–78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1504. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9926–24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1505. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘General Permits and Permits by Rule for the Federal Minor New Source Review Program in Indian Country for Five Source Categories’’ ((RIN2060–AQ95) (FRL No. 9919– 85–OAR)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1506. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designate Facilities and Pollut-ants; Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, New Mex-ico, and the City of Albuquerque, New Mex-ico; Control of Emissions from Existing Sew-age Sludge Incinerator Units’’ (FRL No. 9927–00–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1507. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revisions to the State Implementation Plan; Stage I Regula-tions’’ (FRL No. 99247–10–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1508. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of Arkansas; Revi-sions to the State Implementation Plan; Fee Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9926–91–Region 6) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1509. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Indiana; In-frastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9926–81–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.011 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2566 April 30, 2015 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–19. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of North Da-kota urging the United States Congress to call for a constitutional convention for the sole purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States which requires a balanced federal budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 3015 
Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of 
the United States mandates that upon the application of the legislatures of two-thirds of the states, Congress shall call a conven-tion for proposing amendments; and 
Whereas, this application is to be consid-
ered as covering the balanced budget amend-ment language of the presently outstanding balanced budget applications from other states; and 
Whereas, this application shall be aggre-
gated for the purpose of attaining the two- thirds necessary to require the calling of a convention for proposing a balanced budget amendment, but shall not be aggregated with any applications on any other subject; and 
Whereas, this application is a continuing 
application until the legislatures of at least two-thirds of the states have made applica-tions on the same subject; and 
Whereas, the North Dakota Legislative As-
sembly deems an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States requiring a balanced federal budget to be necessary for the good of the American people: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives of 
North Dakota, the Senate Concurring therein: 
That the Sixty-fourth Legislative Assem-
bly urges the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states limited to proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States requiring that in the ab-sence of a national emergency the total of all federal appropriations made by the Con-gress for any fiscal year may not exceed the total of all estimated federal revenues for that fiscal year, together with any related and appropriate fiscal restraints; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Secretary of State for-
ward copies of this resolution to the Presi-dent and Secretary of the Senate and the Speaker and Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives of the Congress, to each member of the United States Congressional Delega-tion, and also to transmit copies to the pre-siding officers of each of the legislative houses in the United States, requesting their cooperation. 
POM–20. A joint memorial adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Idaho urging the United States Congress to expedite appro-priation of funds to significantly enhance dreissenid monitoring and prevention efforts and to implement the intent of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE JOINT MEMORIAL NO. 101 
Whereas, maintaining a healthy suite of 
economic, environmental and social eco-system services in aquatic systems is inte-gral to the quality of life in the State of Idaho; and 
Whereas, healthy aquatic habitats provide 
clean drinking water, flood control, trans-portation, recreation, purification of human and industrial wastes, power generation, habitat for native plants and animals, pro-
duction of their foods, marketable goods, and cultural benefits; and 
Whereas, aquatic invasive species, includ-
ing mussels such as dreissenids, cause irrep-arable ecological damage to many waters in the United States; and 
Whereas, dreissenids have not yet been de-
tected in the Pacific North-West. The esti-mated cost to address established popu-lations of dreissenids in the Pacific North-West Economic Region is almost $500 million annually; and 
Whereas, the Water Resources Reform and 
Development Act was signed in June 2014 and authorizes $20 million for Columbia River Basin dreissenid efforts through the Sec-retary of the Army: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the member of the First Regular 
Session of the Sixty-third Idaho Legislature, the 
Senate and the House of Representatives concurring therein, that we respectfully re-quest Congress expedite appropriation of these funds to significantly enhance moni-toring and prevention efforts and to imple-ment the intent of the Act; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate 
be, and she is hereby authorized and directed to forward a copy of this Memorial to the President of the United States Barack Obama, the United States Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell, the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives of Congress, and to the congres-sional delegation representing the State of Idaho in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–21. A resolution approved by the 
Electors of the City of Watertown, Wis-consin, calling for reclaiming the expansion of the rights of artificial legal entities and the corrupting influence of unregulated po-litical spending; and supporting an amend-ment to the United States Constitution, stating: only human beings—not corpora-tions, unions, nonprofits, or similar associa-tions—are endowed with constitutional rights, and that money is not speech, and therefore regulating political contributions and spending is not equivalent to limiting political speech; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, without amendment: 
S. 993. A bill to increase public safety by 
facilitating collaboration among the crimi-nal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: 
S. 1177. An original bill to reauthorize the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
*Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy 
Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
Army nomination of Col. Raymond S. Din-
gle, to be Brigadier General. 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Ron. J. 
MacLaren, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Herman A. 
Shelanski, to be Vice Admiral. 
Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Joseph An-
derson, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. James J. 
Burks, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brig. Gen. James C. Balserak and ending with Brig. Gen. Carol A. Timmons, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 13, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Kyle W. Rob-
inson, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nominations beginning with Brig. 
Gen. Robert D. Carlson and ending with Col. Tracy L. Smith, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 13, 2015. 
Army nomination of Chaplain (Col.) Thom-
as L. Solhjem, to be Brigadier General. 
Navy nomination of Capt. Danelle M. Bar-
rett, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). 
Navy nomination of Capt. Ronald C. 
Copley, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. David L. 
Goldfein, to be General. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Tim-
othy M. Ray, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Darryl L. 
Roberson, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Charles 
Q. Brown, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Eric C. 
Bush, to be Major General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Alan R. 
Lynn, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Col. Jill K. Faris, to 
be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Gary H. 
Cheek, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Col. Christian A. 
Rofrano, to be Brigadier General. 
Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Nora W. 
Tyson, to be Vice Admiral. 
Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. 
Mark A. Brilakis, to be Lieutenant General. 
Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. 
Robert S. Walsh, to be Lieutenant General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s 
on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Troy S. Thomas, 
to be Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of Linell A. 
Letendre, to be Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Bamidele A. Adetunji and ending with Keri L. Young, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Travis M. Allen and ending with Jeromy James Wells, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Richard S. Beyea III and ending with Travis C. Yelton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Keith L. Clark and ending with Jennie Leigh L. Stoddart, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Talib Y. Ali and ending with Gabriel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.008 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2567 April 30, 2015 
Zimmerer, which nominations were received 
by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of John W. Heck, to 
be Colonel. 
Air Force nomination of Anna Hamm, to 
be Major. 
Air Force nomination of Jermal M. 
Scarbrough, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Cynthia A. Rutherford and ending with An-gela Scevola-Dattoli, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Susan I. 
Pangelinan, to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Bryan K. Anderson, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Mark A. Endsley, to 
be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nominations beginning with Arpana 
Jain and ending with Rama Krishna, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 25, 2015. 
Army nomination of James J. Raftery, Jr., 
to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of David A. Harper, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nominations beginning with Steven 
R. Ansley, Jr. and ending with Karen S. Han-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 13, 2015. 
Army nomination of Rita A. Kostecke, to 
be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nominations beginning with Schawn 
B. Branch and ending with Frank A. Smith, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 20, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of Joshua B. 
Roberts, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Dawn R. Alonso and ending with Vincent J. Yasaki, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Navy nominations beginning with Nawaz 
K. A. Hack and ending with Robert P. Rutter, Jr., which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on March 25, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Brian L. Tichenor, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Cheryl Gotzinger, to 
be Captain. 
Navy nomination of John P. O’Brien, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Carolyn 
A. Winningham and ending with Sara M. Bustamante, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 20, 2015. 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on En-
vironment and Public Works. 
*Mark Scarano, of New Hampshire, to be 
Federal Cochairperson of the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. T ESTER ): 
S. 1139. A bill to amend the Help America 
Vote Act of 2002 to require States to provide 
for same day registration; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
D
ONNELLY , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. 
HOEVEN ): 
S. 1140. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Army and the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. 1141. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives for small businesses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , 
and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 1142. A bill to clarify that noncommer-
cial species found entirely within the borders of a single State are not in interstate com-merce or subject to regulation under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 or any other provision of law enacted as an exercise of the power of Congress to regulate interstate commerce; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1143. A bill to make the authority of 
States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery perma-nent and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Ms. H
IRONO ): 
S. 1144. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for a corporate re-sponsibility investment option under the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1145. A bill to improve compliance with 
mine safety and health laws, empower min-ers to raise safety concerns, prevent future mine tragedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. K
ING, 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 1146. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to prohibit further reductions in sodium levels and to reinstate the grain-rich requirements appli-cable to the national school lunch and break-fast programs; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. 
S
COTT): 
S. 1147. A bill to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
EID, 
and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 1148. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 1149. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require reporting of certain data by providers and suppliers of air 
ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
REID, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. R EED, Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): 
S. 1150. A bill to provide for increases in 
the Federal minimum wage; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 1151. A bill to amend title IX of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act to revise the oper-ations of the United States Preventive Serv-ices Task Force, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: 
S. 1152. A bill to make permanent the ex-
tended period of protections for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ): 
S. 1153. A bill to provide legal certainty to 
property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. 1154. A bill to reverse the designation by 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture of certain communities in the State of Alaska as nonrural; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. TESTER: 
S. 1155. A bill to promote the mapping and 
development of United States geothermal re-sources by establishing a direct loan pro-gram for high risk geothermal exploration wells, to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to improve geo-thermal energy technology and demonstrate the use of geothermal energy in large scale thermal applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. 1156. A bill to amend title 11, United 
States Code, to improve protections for em-ployees and retirees in business bank-ruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
T
ILLIS ): 
S. 1157. A bill to require the Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget to con-sider Brunswick County, North Carolina to be part of the same metropolitan statistical area as Wilmington, North Carolina; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. 
MARKEY ): 
S. 1158. A bill to ensure the privacy and se-
curity of sensitive personal information, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to pro-vide notice of security breaches involving sensitive personal information, and to en-hance law enforcement assistance and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.012 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2568 April 30, 2015 
protections against security breaches, fraud-
ulent access, and misuse of personal informa-tion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
COCHRAN ): 
S. 1159. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand tax-free distribu-tions from individual retirement accounts for charitable purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 1160. A bill to amend the Public Land 
Corps Act of 1993 to expand the authorization of the Secretaries of Agriculture, Commerce, and the Interior to provide service opportu-nities for young Americans; help restore the nation’s natural, cultural, historic, archae-ological, recreational and scenic resources; train a new generation of public land man-agers and enthusiasts; and promote the value of public service; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , and Mr. P AUL): 
S. 1161. A bill to amend the Horse Protec-
tion Act to provide increased protection for horses participating in shows, exhibitions, or sales, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. TOOMEY: 
S. 1162. A bill to ensure Federal law en-
forcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their fam-ilies, during a covered furlough; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. 1163. A bill to amend the Native Amer-
ican Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexi-bility and reauthorization to ensure the sur-vival and continuing vitality of Native American languages; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ORAN , 
and Mr. R OBERTS ): 
S. 1164. A bill to protect consumer from 
discriminatory State taxes on motor vehicle rentals; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. 
D
URBIN ): 
S. 1165. A bill to provide consumer protec-
tions for students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1166. A bill to establish a pilot grant pro-
gram to support career and technical edu-cation exploration programs in middle schools and high schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 1167. A bill to modify the boundaries of 
the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wil-derness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. D
UR-
BIN): 
S. 1168. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to preserve access to re-habilitation innovation centers under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1169. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Pre-vention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. E
NZI): 
S. 1170. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. NELSON: 
S. 1171. A bill to establish a moratorium on 
oil and gas-related seismic activities off the coastline of the State of Florida, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON ): 
S. 1172. A bill to improve the process of 
presidential transition; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. C ASEY , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. N ELSON ): 
S. 1173. A bill to amend chapter 301 of title 
49, United States Code, to prohibit the rental of motor vehicles that contain a defect re-lated to motor vehicle safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 1174. A bill to deregulate interstate com-
merce with respect to parimutuel wagering on horseracing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
and Mr. K AINE): 
S. 1175. A bill to improve the safety of haz-
ardous materials rail transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 1176. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform the system of public financing for Presidential elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. 1177. An original bill to reauthorize the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 1178. A bill to prohibit implementation 
of a proposed rule relating to the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act, or any substan-tially similar rule, until a Supplemental Sci-entific Review Panel and Ephemeral and Intermittent Streams Advisory Committee produce certain reports, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. Res. 156. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate with respect to childhood stroke and recognizing May 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Pediatric Stroke Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. Res. 157. A resolution recognizing the 
economic, cultural, and political contribu-tions of the Southeast-Asian American com-
munity on the 40th anniversaries of the be-ginning of Khmer Rouge control over Cam-bodia and the beginning of the Cambodian Genocide and the end of the Vietnam War and the ‘‘Secret War’’ in the Kingdom of Laos; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. R EID, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. Res. 158. A resolution recognizing the 
cultural and historic significance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. B
URR): 
S. Res. 159. A resolution designating April 
2015, as ‘‘National 9–1–1 Education Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. Res. 160. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States during Public Service Recognition Week; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. S COTT, Mr. K IRK, Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. E NZI, Mr. U DALL , Mr. C OONS , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ORAN , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. C OCHRAN ): 
S. Res. 161. A resolution designating April 
2015 as ‘‘Financial Literacy Month’’; consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ): 
S. Res. 162. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Alcohol Responsibility Month; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
ISCH, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
COONS , Mr. R EED, Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. Res. 163. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate on the humanitarian ca-tastrophe caused by the April 25, 2015, earth-quake in Nepal; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
R
EID, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
REED, and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. Res. 164. A resolution designating April 
30, 2015, as Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Americans; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C ARDIN , 
and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. Res. 165. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; con-sidered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RISCH: 
S. Con. Res. 14. A concurrent resolution 
providing that the President may not pro-vide sanctions relief to Iran until certain United States citizens are released from Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.013 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2569 April 30, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 153, 
a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for well-educated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 282 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 282, a bill to provide taxpayers with an an-nual report disclosing the cost and per-formance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 327 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
327, a bill to provide for auditable fi-nancial statements for the Department of Defense, and for other purposes. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 409 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 409, a bill to amend the Sex Offender Reg-istration and Notification Act to re-quire the Secretary of Defense to in-form the Attorney General of persons required to register as sex offenders. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 469 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 469, a bill to improve the repro-
ductive assistance provided by the De-partment of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 492 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 492, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to improve environmental lit-eracy to better prepare students for postsecondary education and careers, and for other purposes. 
S. 507 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 507, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to per-mit employers to pay higher wages to their employees. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper govern-ment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 517 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 517, a bill to extend the secure rural schools and community self-determination program, to restore mandatory funding status to the pay-ment in lieu of taxes program, and for other purposes. 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural com-munity hospital demonstration pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 608 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ), the Senator from New York 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 608, a bill to prevent homeowners from being forced to pay taxes on forgiven mortgage loan debt. 
S. 622 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 622, a bill to strengthen families’ en-gagement in the education of their children. 
S. 727 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 727, a bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to include bio-mass heating appliances for tax credits available for energy-efficient building property and energy property. 
S. 753 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
753, a bill to amend the method by which the Social Security Administra-tion determines the validity of mar-riages under title II of the Social Secu-rity Act. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to medication therapy management under part D of the Medi-care program. 
S. 860 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 860, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the es-tate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 884 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
884, a bill to improve access to emer-gency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the partici-pation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 939 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 939, a bill to require the evaluation and consolidation of dupli-cative green building programs within the Department of Energy. 
S. 976 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
976, a bill to promote the development of a United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization in-dustry and to increase the exploration and utilization of resources in outer space. 
S. 981 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. D AINES ), the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) and the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 981, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a repatri-ation holiday, to increase funding to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.019 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2570 April 30, 2015 
the Highway Trust Fund, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1014, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1032 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1032, a bill to expand the use of E-Verify, to hold employers ac-countable, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1088 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1088, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to pro-vide for voter registration through the Internet, and for other purposes. 
S. 1116 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1116, a bill to require that the Federal Government procure from the private sector the goods and services necessary for the operations and management of certain Government agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1117 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1117, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to re-move senior executives of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for perform-ance or misconduct to include removal of certain other employees of the De-partment, and for other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ), the Senator from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. C ASEY ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. W YDEN ) and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. K AINE) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1127, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-
nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1136, a bill relating to the modernization of C–130 aircraft to meet applicable regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1147 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1147 proposed to H.R. 1191, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. I NHOFE , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
MCCONNELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. 
FISCHER , and Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. 1140. A bill to require the Sec-
retary of the Army and the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revis-ing the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last 
week, I spoke on the floor about a new report by the Bipartisan Policy Center. This report talked about the great progress we have made so far in this Congress, as far as getting things done in a bipartisan way. I believe that is good news. Republicans in the Senate are committed to continuing our progress and to holding more votes on areas of bipartisan agreement. So I want to speak about something Sen-ators on both sides of the aisle agree we can do to protect America’s navi-gable waters. 
Our rivers, lakes and other water-
ways are among America’s most treas-ured resources. In my home State of Wyoming, we have some of the most beautiful rivers in the world: the Snake River, the Wind River, dozens of oth-ers. 
The people of Wyoming are devoted 
to keeping these waterways safe and pristine for our children and our grand-children. They understand there is a right way and a wrong way to do that. It is possible to have reasonable regula-tions to help preserve our waterways, while at the same time allowing it to be used as natural resources. 
We have done it for years under the 
Clean Water Act. That is the right way to do it. The wrong way to do it is for 
Washington bureaucrats—bureau-crats—unelectable, unaccountable, to write harsh and inflexible rules that could block any use of water or even use of land in much of the country. The Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers have pro-posed a new rule, a new rule that would expand the Clean Water Act in what I believe is a dangerous new direction. 
The rule is an attempt to change the 
definition of what the law calls waters of the United States. Under the rule, this term could include ditches, it would include dry areas where water only flows for a short time after it rains. Federal regulations have never before listed ditches and other man-made features as waters of the United States. 
What the administration is proposing 
now simply makes no sense. Under this new rule, the new rule they are pro-posing, isolated ponds could be regu-lated as waters of the United States. This is the kind of pond that might form in a low-lying piece of land with no connection to a river or a stream. It could be in someone’s back yard. 
An isolated pond is not navigable 
water. That is not what the law was de-signed to protect. This is bipartisan, and there is bipartisan agreement that Washington bureaucrats have no busi-ness, none at all, regulating an isolated pond as a water of the United States. Under this newly proposed rule, agri-culture water management systems could be regulated as waters of the United States. 
We are talking about irrigation 
ditches. An irrigation ditch is not navi-gable water. These are manmade ditches that people dig to move water from one place to another to grow crops. This kind of agriculture water is not what the law was designed to pro-tect. There is bipartisan agreement that Washington bureaucrats have no business regulating an irrigation ditch as waters of the United States. 
Under this outrageously broad new 
rule, Washington bureaucrats would now have a say in how farmers and ranchers and families use their own property. It would allow the Environ-mental Protection Agency to regulate private property just based on things such as whether it is used by animals or birds or even insects. It could regu-late any water that moves over land or infiltrates into the ground. 
Well, this is an ominously far-reach-
ing definition. It is the wrong way—the wrong way—to protect America ’s pre-cious water resources. This rule is not designed to protect the traditional waters of the United States, it is de-signed to expand the power of Wash-ington bureaucrats. 
Now, there is a better way to protect 
America’s water, and there is bipar-tisan support for it in this body. Today, I have introduced the Federal Water Quality Protection Act, along with Senators D
ONNELLY , INHOFE , HEITKAMP , 
ROBERTS , MANCHIN , SULLIVAN , ROUNDS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.020 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2571 April 30, 2015 
BLUNT , MCCONNELL , CAPITO , and F ISCH-
ER. That is bipartisan. It is a bipar-
tisan agreement that says we need a different approach. 
This bill says yes to clean water and 
no to extreme bureaucracy. It will give the Environmental Protection Agency the direction it needs, the direction to write a strong and reasonable rule that truly protects America’s waterways, one that keeps Washington’s hands off things such as irrigation ditches, iso-lated ponds, and groundwater, one that does not allow the determination to be based on plants and insects, one that protects streams that could carry dan-gerous pollutants to navigable waters or wetlands that protect those waters from pollutants. 
It would make sure Washington bu-
reaucrats comply, comply with other laws and Executive orders that, well, they have been avoiding. They would have to do an economic analysis and conduct reviews to protect small busi-nesses, to protect ranchers, to protect farmers. They would have to consult with the States. They have to make sure, by consulting with the States, that we have the approach that works best everywhere, not just the approach Washington likes best. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy says our concerns are overblown. The administration says there is a lot of misunderstanding about what their regulation covers. It says the Agency has no intention of regulating things like I have just described. The key word there is ‘‘intention.’’ This bill would help to make sure the rules are crystal clear. 
It gives certainty and clarity to 
farmers, to ranchers, and to small busi-ness owners and their families. People would be able to use their property without fear of Washington bureau-crats knocking on their door. We would also be able to enjoy the beautiful riv-ers and the lakes that should be pre-served and protected. This bipartisan bill does nothing to block legitimate protection of the true waters of the United States. It simply restores Wash-ington’s attention to the traditional waters that were always the focus be-fore. 
That is what this law should protect. 
This bill is one easy thing we can do to protect Americans from runaway bu-reaucracy. The Senate has been very productive so far this year. We are going to keep going. We are going to go with more ideas that have bipartisan support. The Federal Water Quality Protection Act is one of them. I want to thank some of the many cosponsors. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 1141. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax in-centives for small businesses; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
to introduce the Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth Act of 2015. I am very pleased to be joined by my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania, Sen-
ator C
ASEY , in introducing this bipar-
tisan bill. 
I know it will come as no surprise to 
the Presiding Officer that small busi-nesses are our Nation’s job creators. Firms with fewer than 500 employees generate about 50 percent of our Na-tion’s GDP, account for more than 99 percent of employers, and employ near-ly half of all workers. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, small busi-nesses generated 63 percent of the net new jobs that were created between 1993 and 2013. 
Even the smallest firms have a nota-
ble effect on our economy. The Small Business Administration’s data indi-cates that businesses with fewer than 20 employees accounted for 18 percent of all private sector jobs in 2013. Our bill allows small businesses to plan for capital investments that are vital to expansion and job creation. It eases complex accounting rules for the smallest businesses and it reduces the tax burden on newly formed ventures. 
Recent studies by the National Fed-
eration of Independent Business, NFIB, indicate that taxes are the No. 1 con-cern of small business owners and that constant change in the Tax Code is among their chief concerns, and that is certainly the case in the State of Maine. When I talk with employers across the State, they constantly tell me the uncertainty in our Tax Code and in the regulations that are coming out of Washington make it very dif-ficult for them to plan, to hire new workers, and to know what is going to be coming their way. 
A key feature of our bill is that it 
provides the certainty that small busi-nesses need to create and implement long-term capital investment plans that are vital to their growth. I will give an example. Section 179 of the In-ternal Revenue Code allows small busi-nesses to deduct the costs of acquired assets more rapidly. The amount of the maximum allowable deduction has changed three times in the past 8 years. Making matters worse, it is usu-ally not addressed until it is part of a huge package of extenders passed at the end of the year, making this tax benefit unpredictable from year to year and, therefore, difficult for small busi-nesses to take full advantage of in their long-range planning. They essen-tially have to gamble that the tax in-centive is going to be extended and that it is going to be made retroactive to the 1st of the year. 
Just recently, I spoke with Patrick 
Schrader from Arundel Machine, a small business in Maine. He told me that the uncertainty surrounding sec-tion 179 has hindered his ability to make sound business decisions. The high-tech equipment that he needs re-quires months of lead time. For a small business like Patrick’s, it is very risky to increase spending to expand and cre-ate new jobs when the deductibility of the machinery that helps to make those jobs possible remains unknown until late December. For business plan-
ning, this is information that is vital to have at the beginning of the year, not at the end of the year. This uncer-tainty has a direct impact on hiring de-cisions and the ability to take advan-tage of business opportunities. 
Our bill permanently sets the max-
imum allowable deduction under sec-tion 179 at $500,000, indexed for infla-tion, and it is also structured in such a way that it is really targeted to our smaller businesses. 
Our bill will also permanently extend 
the ability of restaurants, retailers, and certain businesses that lease their space to depreciate the costs of prop-erty improvements over 15 years rather than over 39 years. Think about that. What restaurant is going to be able to wait 39 years before doing upgrades and improvements? What we are trying to do is to better match the depreciation schedule with the need to update a res-taurant or a retail space. 
The Small Business Tax Certainty 
and Growth Act also allows more com-panies to use the cash method of ac-counting by permanently doubling the threshold at which the more complex accrual method is required from $5 mil-lion in gross receipts to $10 million. This includes an expansion in the abil-ity of small businesses to use sim-plified methods of accounting for in-ventories. 
Our legislation also eases the tax 
burden on a new startup business by permanently doubling the deduction for those initial expenses from $5,000 to $10,000, and for a very small business, that is really important. Similar to section 179, this benefit is limited to small businesses and the deduction phases out for total expenses exceeding $60,000. 
Our legislation extends for 1 year a 
provision that provides benefits to businesses of all sizes, the so-called bonus depreciation. 
Let me make clear that I continue to 
believe Congress should undertake comprehensive tax reform, with three major goals. It should result in a Tax Code that is more progrowth, that is fairer, and that is simpler. I urge the Senate to undertake such a reform, but in the meantime, the provisions of our bill would make a real difference in the ability of our Nation’s small businesses to keep and create jobs. 
I will give another real-life example 
of what the small business expensing provisions can mean. I am proud to say Maine is known for its delicious craft beers. Dan Kleban founded Maine Beer Company with his brother in 2009. In 6 short years, the company has added 21 good-paying jobs with generous health and retirement benefits. They plan to hire at least three more workers short-ly. Dan noted that his company’s busi-ness decisions were directly affected by section 179 expensing. 
Here is why. This provision allowed 
them to expand by reinvesting their capital in new equipment to produce more beer and hire more Mainers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.020 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2572 April 30, 2015 
Those are both good outcomes. In the 
last 3 years, they have taken the max-imum deduction allowed under section 179 to acquire the equipment they needed to expand their business. This year, they hope to use the provision to finance the cost of a solar project that will offset nearly 50 percent of their en-ergy consumption. 
If their business had been forced to 
spread these deductions over many years, its owners would not have been able to grow the business as they have done nor create those good jobs. This economic benefit is multiplied when we consider the effect of the investment by Maine Beer Company and Maine’s many other craft brewers on the equip-ment manufacturers, the transpor-tation companies needed to haul the new equipment to their breweries, the increased inventory in their breweries, and the suppliers of the materials need-ed to brew the additional beer. So it has a ripple effect that benefits many other businesses and allows them to create more jobs as well. 
In February, NFIB released new re-
search that backs up this claim with hard numbers. They found that simply extending section 179 permanently at the 2014 level could increase employ-ment by as much as 197,000 jobs during the 10-year window following imple-mentation. U.S. real output could also increase by as much as $18.6 billion over the same period. 
In light of the positive effects this 
bill would have on small businesses, on job creation, and on our economy, I urge my colleagues to join us in sup-porting the Small Business Tax Cer-tainty and Growth Act. I would note that the bill has been endorsed by NFIB, the leading voice for small busi-ness. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of endorsement from the NFIB be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL FEDERATION OF  
INDEPENDENT BUSINESS , 
Washington, DC, April 29, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR COLLINS : on behalf of the 
National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organization, I write in support of your Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth Act, which would provide certainty and permanency with regard to several im-portant tax provisions for small businesses. 
The most important source of financing for 
small business is their earnings, i.e. cash flow. In fact, cash flow is ranked 13th out of 75 potential business problems in NFIB’s Small Business and Priorities. This is why NFIB is particularly pleased to see the inclu-sion of reformed Section 179 expensing and expanded eligibility for cash accounting in your legislation. 
Expensing provides small businesses with 
an immediate source of capital recovery and improved cash flow. Unfortunately, small business expensing levels have only been in-creased on a temporary basis, and at the be-ginning of this year the limit reverted back to $25,000, which is highly inadequate for the needs of small businesses. Unless Congress 
acts, this lower expensing limit will mean that only 30 percent of NFIB members will receive the full benefit of small business ex-pensing in 2015. A 2015 NFIB Research Foun-dation study shows that a permanent expan-sion of the expensing deduction allowance limit to $500,000 could increase employment by as much as 197,000 jobs. NFIB supports permanently increasing expensing limits to $500,000 as well as permitting taxpayers to expense the cost of some improvements to real property. We appreciate you accom-plishing these goals in your legislation while also permanently indexing this provision to inflation. 
Furthermore, small businesses would ben-
efit from the greater ability to use cash ac-counting for tax purposes. This simplified ac-counting process would alleviate some of the complexity of the tax code, which currently makes it very difficult for small business owners to plan future investments, hire new workers and grow their businesses. Expanded cash accounting would help business owners manage cash flow while better reflecting their ability to pay taxes. 
Thank you for introducing this important 
legislation. We look forward to working with you to provide tax relief for small businesses in the 114th Congress. 
Sincerely, 
A
MANDA AUSTIN , 
Vice President, Public Policy. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
REID, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
REED, Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K AINE, Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1150. A bill to provide for increases 
in the Federal minimum wage; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, Vermont 
is among only 22 States in the Nation with a minimum wage higher than that of the Federal minimum wage. The Green Mountain State has long recog-nized the importance of paying workers a fair and livable wage, and it is past time for Congress to catch up with the daily struggles of working American families. 
That is why today I am proud to join 
as a cosponsor of Senator M
URRAY ’s 
Raise the Wage Act, to increase the Federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020. The Raise the Wage Act will help more 38 million Americans and thousands of Vermonters who yearn for financial se-curity, for the sound footing to build their lives, and the lives of their chil-dren. 
The Federal minimum wage has not 
kept up with inflation. In fact, it has lost more than 30 percent of its value since 1968. Over that same time, pro-ductivity has doubled, and low-wage workers today bring more experience and education to the workforce. Amer-ican workers are being asked to work 
more for less. It is past time to adjust this disparity. 
In Vermont, 64,000 workers would see 
their wages improve if we raised the minimum wage to $12. That is roughly $141 million in added income for fami-lies in Vermont—families who could spend these earnings at the store down the street, multiplying the economic impact to resonate through our local economies and downtown businesses. 
Today, nearly two-thirds of Ameri-
cans who earn the minimum wage or less are women; the Raise the Wage Act will improve the hard-earned wages of more than 21 million Amer-ican women. 
No one who works hard in a full-time 
job should live in poverty in our land, and raising the minimum wage should not be a question; it is commonsense, it is fair, and it is right. It is the right step to take to help ensure that work-ers can earn wages that support their families. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and 
Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 1153. A bill to provide legal cer-
tainty to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1153 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Red River 
Private Property Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DISCLAIMER AND OUTDATED SURVEYS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary hereby dis-
claims any right, title, and interest to all land located south of the South Bank bound-ary line of the Red River in the affected area. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF PRIOR SURVEYS .—Pre-
vious surveys conducted by the Bureau of Land Management shall have no force or ef-fect in determining the current South Bank boundary line. 
SEC. 3. IDENTIFICATION OF CURRENT BOUND-
ARY. 
(a) B OUNDARY IDENTIFICATION .—To identify 
the current South Bank boundary line along the affected area, the Secretary shall com-mission a new survey that— 
(1) adheres to the gradient boundary sur-
vey method; 
(2) spans the entire length of the affected 
area; 
(3) is conducted by Licensed State Land 
Surveyors chosen by the Texas General Land Office; and 
(4) is completed not later than 2years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) A
PPROVAL OF THE SURVEY .—The Sec-
retary shall submit the survey conducted under this Act to the Texas General Land Of-fice for approval. State approval of the com-pleted survey shall satisfy the requirements under this Act. 
SEC. 4. APPEAL. 
Not later than 1 year after the survey is 
completed and approved pursuant to section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.019 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2573 April 30, 2015 
3, a private property owner who holds right, 
title, or interest in the affected area may ap-peal public domain claims by the Secretary to an Administrative Law Judge. 
SEC. 5. RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
The Secretary shall ensure that no parcels 
of land in the affected area are treated as Federal land for the purpose of any resource management plan until the survey has been completed and approved and the Secretary ensures that the parcel is not subject to fur-ther appeal pursuant to this Act. 
SEC. 6. CONSTRUCTION. 
This Act does not change or affect in any 
manner the interest of the States or sov-ereignty rights of federally recognized In-dian tribes over lands located to the north of the South Bank boundary line of the Red River as established by this Act. 
SEC. 7. SALE OF REMAINING RED RIVER SUR-
FACE RIGHTS. 
(a) C OMPETITIVE SALE OF IDENTIFIED FED-
ERAL LANDS .—After the survey has been 
completed and approved and the Secretary ensures that a parcel is not subject to fur-ther appeal under this Act, the Secretary shall offer any and all such remaining identi-fied Federal lands for disposal by competi-tive sale for not less than fair market value as determined by an appraisal conducted in accordance with nationally recognized ap-praisal standards, including the Uniform Ap-praisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisi-tions; and the Uniform Standards of Profes-sional Appraisal Practice. 
(b) E
XISTING RIGHTS .—The sale of identi-
fied Federal lands under this section shall be subject to valid existing tribal, State, and local rights. 
(c) P
ROCEEDS OF SALE OF LANDS .—Net pro-
ceeds from the sale of identified Federal lands under this section shall be used to off-set any costs associated with this Act. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a list of any identified Federal lands that have not been sold under subsection (a) and the rea-sons such lands were not sold. 
SEC. 8. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act: (1) A
FFECTED AREA .—The term ‘‘affected 
area’’ means lands along the approximately 116-mile stretch of the Red River from its confluence with the North Fork of the Red River on the west to the 98th meridian on the east between the States of Texas and Oklahoma. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of Bureau of Land Man-agement. 
(3) S
OUTH BANK .—The term ‘‘South Bank’’ 
means the water-washed and relatively per-manent elevation or acclivity, commonly called a cut bank, along the southerly or right side of the Red River which separates its bed from the adjacent upland, whether valley or hill, and usually serves to confine the waters within the bed and to preserve the course of the river; as specified in the fifth paragraph of the decree rendered March 12, 1923, in Oklahoma v. Texas , 261 U. S. 340, 43 S. 
Ct. 376, 67 L. Ed. 687. 
(4) S
OUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE .—The term 
‘‘South Bank boundary line’’ means the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma iden-tified through the gradient boundary survey method ; as specified in the sixth and sev-enth paragraphs of the decree rendered March 12, 1923, in Oklahoma v. Texas , 261 U. S. 
340, 43 S. Ct. 376, 67 L. Ed. 687. 
(5) G
RADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY METHOD .— 
The term ‘‘gradient boundary survey meth-od’’ means the measurement technique used 
to locate the South Bank boundary line under the methodology established by the United States Supreme Court which recog-nizes that the boundary line between the States of Texas and Oklahoma along the Red River is subject to such changes as have been or may be wrought by the natural and grad-ual processes known as erosion and accretion as specified in the second, third, and fourth paragraphs of the decree rendered March 12, 1923, in Oklahoma v. Texas , 261 U. S. 340, 43 S. 
Ct. 376, 67 L. Ed. 687. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. B ROWN , and 
Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 1156. A bill to amend title 11, 
United States Code, to improve protec-tions for employees and retirees in business bankruptcies; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1156 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Protecting Employees and Retirees in Business Bankruptcies Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING RECOVERIES FOR 
EMPLOYEES AND RETIREES 
Sec. 101. Increased wage priority. 
Sec. 102. Claim for stock value losses in de-
fined contribution plans. 
Sec. 103. Priority for severance pay. Sec. 104. Financial returns for employees 
and retirees. 
Sec. 105. Priority for WARN Act damages. 
TITLE II—REDUCING EMPLOYEES’ AND 
RETIREES’ LOSSES 
Sec. 201. Rejection of collective bargaining 
agreements. 
Sec. 202. Payment of insurance benefits to 
retired employees. 
Sec. 203. Protection of employee benefits in 
a sale of assets. 
Sec. 204. Claim for pension losses. Sec. 205. Payments by secured lender. Sec. 206. Preservation of jobs and benefits. Sec. 207. Termination of exclusivity. Sec. 208. Claim for withdrawal liability. 
TITLE III—RESTRICTING EXECUTIVE 
COMPENSATION PROGRAMS 
Sec. 301. Executive compensation upon exit 
from bankruptcy. 
Sec. 302. Limitations on executive com-
pensation enhancements. 
Sec. 303. Assumption of executive benefit 
plans. 
Sec. 304. Recovery of executive compensa-
tion. 
Sec. 305. Preferential compensation trans-
fer. 
TITLE IV—OTHER PROVISIONS 
Sec. 401. Union proof of claim. 
Sec. 402. Exception from automatic stay. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: 
(1) Business bankruptcies have increased 
sharply in recent years and remain at high levels. These bankruptcies include several of the largest business bankruptcy filings in history. As the use of bankruptcy has ex-
panded, job preservation and retirement se-curity are placed at greater risk. 
(2) Laws enacted to improve recoveries for 
employees and retirees and limit their losses in bankruptcy cases have not kept pace with the increasing and broader use of bankruptcy by businesses in all sectors of the economy. However, while protections for employees and retirees in bankruptcy cases have erod-ed, management compensation plans devised for those in charge of troubled businesses have become more prevalent and are escap-ing adequate scrutiny. 
(3) Changes in the law regarding these mat-
ters are urgently needed as bankruptcy is used to address increasingly more complex and diverse conditions affecting troubled businesses and industries. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING RECOVERIES FOR 
EMPLOYEES AND RETIREES 
SEC. 101. INCREASED WAGE PRIORITY. 
Section 507(a) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$20,000’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘within 180 days’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘or the date of the ces-
sation of the debtor’s business, whichever oc-curs first,’’; 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking— (A) ‘‘within 180 days’’; and (B) ‘‘or the date of the cessation of the 
debtor’s business, whichever occurs first’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (5), by striking subpara-
graph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) for each such plan, to the extent of 
the number of employees covered by each such plan, multiplied by $20,000.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLAIM FOR STOCK VALUE LOSSES IN 
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS. 
Section 101(5) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) right or interest in equity securities 
of the debtor, or an affiliate of the debtor, held in a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 3(34) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(34))) for the benefit of an indi-vidual who is not an insider, a senior execu-tive officer, or any of the 20 next most highly compensated employees of the debtor (if 1 or more are not insiders), if such securities were attributable to either employer con-tributions by the debtor or an affiliate of the debtor, or elective deferrals (within the meaning of section 402(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), and any earnings thereon, if an employer or plan sponsor who has commenced a case under this title has committed fraud with respect to such plan or has otherwise breached a duty to the partici-pant that has proximately caused the loss of value.’’. 
SEC. 103. PRIORITY FOR SEVERANCE PAY. 
Section 503(b) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (8)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) severance pay owed to employees of 
the debtor (other than to an insider, other senior management, or a consultant retained to provide services to the debtor), under a plan, program, or policy generally applicable to employees of the debtor (but not under an individual contract of employment), or owed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.024 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2574 April 30, 2015 
pursuant to a collective bargaining agree-
ment, for layoff or termination on or after the date of the filing of the petition, which pay shall be deemed earned in full upon such layoff or termination of employment; and’’. 
SEC. 104. FINANCIAL RETURNS FOR EMPLOYEES 
AND RETIREES. 
Section 1129(a) of title 11, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) The plan provides for recovery of 
damages payable for the rejection of a col-lective bargaining agreement, or for other fi-nancial returns as negotiated by the debtor and the authorized representative under sec-tion 1113 (to the extent that such returns are paid under, rather than outside of, a plan).’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (13) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(13) With respect to retiree benefits, as 
that term is defined in section 1114(a), the plan— 
‘‘(A) provides for the continuation after its 
effective date of payment of all retiree bene-fits at the level established pursuant to sub-section (e)(1)(B) or (g) of section 1114 at any time before the date of confirmation of the plan, for the duration of the period for which the debtor has obligated itself to provide such benefits, or if no modifications are made before confirmation of the plan, the continuation of all such retiree benefits maintained or established in whole or in part by the debtor before the date of the filing of the petition; and 
‘‘(B) provides for recovery of claims arising 
from the modification of retiree benefits or for other financial returns, as negotiated by the debtor and the authorized representative (to the extent that such returns are paid under, rather than outside of, a plan).’’. 
SEC. 105. PRIORITY FOR WARN ACT DAMAGES. 
Section 503(b)(1)(A)(ii) of title 11, United 
States Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) wages and benefits awarded pursuant 
to a judicial proceeding or a proceeding of the National Labor Relations Board as back pay or damages attributable to any period of time occurring after the date of commence-ment of the case under this title, as a result of a violation of Federal or State law by the debtor, without regard to the time of the oc-currence of unlawful conduct on which the award is based or to whether any services were rendered on or after the commencement of the case, including an award by a court under section 2901 of title 29, United States Code, of up to 60 days’ pay and benefits fol-lowing a layoff that occurred or commenced at a time when such award period includes a period on or after the commencement of the case, if the court determines that payment of wages and benefits by reason of the oper-ation of this clause will not substantially in-crease the probability of layoff or termi-nation of current employees or of non-payment of domestic support obligations during the case under this title;’’. 
TITLE II—REDUCING EMPLOYEES’ AND 
RETIREES’ LOSSES 
SEC. 201. REJECTION OF COLLECTIVE BAR-
GAINING AGREEMENTS. 
Section 1113 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended by striking subsections (a) through (f) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) The debtor in possession, or the trust-
ee if one has been appointed under this chap-ter, other than a trustee in a case covered by subchapter IV of this chapter and by title I of the Railway Labor Act, may reject a col-lective bargaining agreement only in accord-ance with this section. In this section, a ref-erence to the trustee includes the debtor in possession. 
‘‘(b) No provision of this title shall be con-
strued to permit the trustee to unilaterally terminate or alter any provision of a collec-
tive bargaining agreement before complying with this section. The trustee shall timely pay all monetary obligations arising under the terms of the collective bargaining agree-ment. Any such payment required to be made before a plan confirmed under section 1129 is effective has the status of an allowed administrative expense under section 503. 
‘‘(c)(1) If the trustee seeks modification of 
a collective bargaining agreement, the trust-ee shall provide notice to the labor organiza-tion representing the employees covered by the agreement that modifications are being proposed under this section, and shall promptly provide an initial proposal for modifications to the agreement. Thereafter, the trustee shall confer in good faith with the labor organization, at reasonable times and for a reasonable period in light of the complexity of the case, in attempting to reach mutually acceptable modifications of such agreement. 
‘‘(2) The initial proposal and subsequent 
proposals by the trustee for modification of a collective bargaining agreement shall be based upon a business plan for the reorga-nization of the debtor, and shall reflect the most complete and reliable information available. The trustee shall provide to the labor organization all information that is relevant for negotiations. The court may enter a protective order to prevent the dis-closure of information if disclosure could compromise the debtor’s position with re-spect to its competitors in the industry, sub-ject to the needs of the labor organization to evaluate the trustee’s proposals and any ap-plication for rejection of the agreement or for interim relief pursuant to this section. 
‘‘(3) In consideration of Federal policy en-
couraging the practice and process of collec-tive bargaining and in recognition of the bar-gained-for expectations of the employees covered by the agreement, modifications proposed by the trustee— 
‘‘(A) shall be proposed only as part of a 
program of workforce and nonworkforce cost savings devised for the reorganization of the debtor, including savings in management personnel costs; 
‘‘(B) shall be limited to modifications de-
signed to achieve a specified aggregate finan-cial contribution for the employees covered by the agreement (taking into consideration any labor cost savings negotiated within the 12-month period before the filing of the peti-tion), and shall be not more than the min-imum savings essential to permit the debtor to exit bankruptcy, such that confirmation of a plan of reorganization is not likely to be followed by the liquidation, or the need for further financial reorganization, of the debt-or (or any successor to the debtor) in the short term; and 
‘‘(C) shall not be disproportionate or overly 
burden the employees covered by the agree-ment, either in the amount of the cost sav-ings sought from such employees or the na-ture of the modifications. 
‘‘(d)(1) If, after a period of negotiations, 
the trustee and the labor organization have not reached an agreement over mutually sat-isfactory modifications, and further negotia-tions are not likely to produce mutually sat-isfactory modifications, the trustee may file a motion seeking rejection of the collective 
bargaining agreement after notice and a hearing. Absent agreement of the parties, no such hearing shall be held before the expira-tion of the 21-day period beginning on the date on which notice of the hearing is pro-vided to the labor organization representing the employees covered by the agreement. Only the debtor and the labor organization may appear and be heard at such hearing. An application for rejection shall seek rejection effective upon the entry of an order granting the relief. ‘‘(2) In consideration of Federal policy en-
couraging the practice and process of collec-tive bargaining and in recognition of the bar-gained-for expectations of the employees covered by the agreement, the court may grant a motion seeking rejection of a collec-tive bargaining agreement only if, based on clear and convincing evidence— 
‘‘(A) the court finds that the trustee has 
complied with the requirements of sub-section (c); 
‘‘(B) the court has considered alternative 
proposals by the labor organization and has concluded that such proposals do not meet the requirements of paragraph (3)(B) of sub-section (c); 
‘‘(C) the court finds that further negotia-
tions regarding the trustee’s proposal or an alternative proposal by the labor organiza-tion are not likely to produce an agreement; 
‘‘(D) the court finds that implementation 
of the trustee’s proposal shall not— 
‘‘(i) cause a material diminution in the 
purchasing power of the employees covered by the agreement; 
‘‘(ii) adversely affect the ability of the 
debtor to retain an experienced and qualified workforce; or 
‘‘(iii) impair the debtor’s labor relations 
such that the ability to achieve a feasible re-organization would be compromised; and 
‘‘(E) the court concludes that rejection of 
the agreement and immediate implementa-tion of the trustee’s proposal is essential to permit the debtor to exit bankruptcy, such that confirmation of a plan of reorganization is not likely to be followed by liquidation, or the need for further financial reorganization, of the debtor (or any successor to the debtor) in the short term. 
‘‘(3) If the trustee has implemented a pro-
gram of incentive pay, bonuses, or other fi-nancial returns for insiders, senior executive officers, or the 20 next most highly com-pensated employees or consultants providing services to the debtor during the bank-ruptcy, or such a program was implemented within 180 days before the date of the filing of the petition, the court shall presume that the trustee has failed to satisfy the require-ments of subsection (c)(3)(C). 
‘‘(4) In no case shall the court enter an 
order rejecting a collective bargaining agree-ment that would result in modifications to a level lower than the level proposed by the trustee in the proposal found by the court to have complied with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(5) At any time after the date on which an 
order rejecting a collective bargaining agree-ment is entered, or in the case of an agree-ment entered into between the trustee and the labor organization providing mutually satisfactory modifications, at any time after 
such agreement has been entered into, the labor organization may apply to the court for an order seeking an increase in the level of wages or benefits, or relief from working conditions, based upon changed cir-cumstances. The court shall grant the re-quest only if the increase or other relief is not inconsistent with the standard set forth in paragraph (2)(E). 
‘‘(e) During a period in which a collective 
bargaining agreement at issue under this section continues in effect, and if essential to the continuation of the debtor’s business or in order to avoid irreparable damage to the estate, the court, after notice and a hear-ing, may authorize the trustee to implement interim changes in the terms, conditions, wages, benefits, or work rules provided by the collective bargaining agreement. Any hearing under this subsection shall be sched-uled in accordance with the needs of the trustee. The implementation of such interim changes shall not render the application for rejection moot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.025 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2575 April 30, 2015 
‘‘(f)(1) Rejection of a collective bargaining 
agreement constitutes a breach of the agree-ment, and shall be effective no earlier than the entry of an order granting such relief. 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1), solely 
for purposes of determining and allowing a claim arising from the rejection of a collec-tive bargaining agreement, rejection shall be 
treated as rejection of an executory contract under section 365(g) and shall be allowed or disallowed in accordance with section 502(g)(1). No claim for rejection damages shall be limited by section 502(b)(7). Eco-nomic self-help by a labor organization shall be permitted upon a court order granting a motion to reject a collective bargaining agreement under subsection (d) or pursuant to subsection (e), and no provision of this title or of any other provision of Federal or State law may be construed to the contrary. 
‘‘(g) The trustee shall provide for the rea-
sonable fees and costs incurred by a labor or-ganization under this section, upon request and after notice and a hearing. 
‘‘(h) A collective bargaining agreement 
that is assumed shall be assumed in accord-ance with section 365.’’. 
SEC. 202. PAYMENT OF INSURANCE BENEFITS TO 
RETIRED EMPLOYEES. 
Section 1114 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, with-
out regard to whether the debtor asserts a right to unilaterally modify such payments under such plan, fund, or program’’ before the period at the end; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting after 
‘‘section’’ the following: ‘‘, and a labor orga-nization serving as the authorized represent-ative under subsection (c)(1),’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f)(1) If a trustee seeks modification of re-
tiree benefits, the trustee shall provide a no-tice to the authorized representative that modifications are being proposed pursuant to this section, and shall promptly provide an initial proposal. Thereafter, the trustee shall confer in good faith with the authorized rep-resentative at reasonable times and for a reasonable period in light of the complexity of the case in attempting to reach mutually satisfactory modifications. 
‘‘(2) The initial proposal and subsequent 
proposals by the trustee shall be based upon a business plan for the reorganization of the debtor and shall reflect the most complete and reliable information available. The trustee shall provide to the authorized rep-resentative all information that is relevant for the negotiations. The court may enter a protective order to prevent the disclosure of information if disclosure could compromise the debtor’s position with respect to its com-petitors in the industry, subject to the needs of the authorized representative to evaluate the trustee’s proposals and an application pursuant to subsection (g) or (h). 
‘‘(3) Modifications proposed by the trust-
ee— 
‘‘(A) shall be proposed only as part of a 
program of workforce and nonworkforce cost savings devised for the reorganization of the debtor, including savings in management personnel costs; 
‘‘(B) shall be limited to modifications that 
are designed to achieve a specified aggregate financial contribution for the retiree group represented by the authorized representative (taking into consideration any cost savings implemented within the 12-month period be-fore the date of filing of the petition with re-spect to the retiree group), and shall be no more than the minimum savings essential to permit the debtor to exit bankruptcy, such that confirmation of a plan of reorganization is not likely to be followed by the liquida-tion, or the need for further financial reorga-nization, of the debtor (or any successor to 
the debtor) in the short term; and 
‘‘(C) shall not be disproportionate or overly 
burden the retiree group, either in the amount of the cost savings sought from such group or the nature of the modifications.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘(g)’’ and all that follows 
through the semicolon at the end of para-graph (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g)(1) If, after a period of negotiations, 
the trustee and the authorized representa-tive have not reached agreement over mutu-ally satisfactory modifications and further negotiations are not likely to produce mutu-ally satisfactory modifications, the trustee may file a motion seeking modifications in the payment of retiree benefits after notice and a hearing. Absent agreement of the par-ties, no such hearing shall be held before the expiration of the 21-day period beginning on the date on which notice of the hearing is provided to the authorized representative. Only the debtor and the authorized rep-resentative may appear and be heard at such hearing. 
‘‘(2) The court may grant a motion to mod-
ify the payment of retiree benefits only if, based on clear and convincing evidence— 
‘‘(A) the court finds that the trustee has 
complied with the requirements of sub-section (f); 
‘‘(B) the court has considered alternative 
proposals by the authorized representative and has determined that such proposals do not meet the requirements of subsection (f)(3)(B); 
‘‘(C) the court finds that further negotia-
tions regarding the trustee’s proposal or an alternative proposal by the authorized rep-resentative are not likely to produce a mutu-ally satisfactory agreement; 
‘‘(D) the court finds that implementation 
of the proposal shall not cause irreparable harm to the affected retirees; and 
‘‘(E) the court concludes that an order 
granting the motion and immediate imple-mentation of the trustee’s proposal is essen-tial to permit the debtor to exit bankruptcy, such that confirmation of a plan of reorga-nization is not likely to be followed by liq-uidation, or the need for further financial re-organization, of the debtor (or a successor to the debtor) in the short term. 
‘‘(3) If a trustee has implemented a pro-
gram of incentive pay, bonuses, or other fi-
nancial returns for insiders, senior executive officers, or the 20 next most highly com-pensated employees or consultants providing services to the debtor during the bank-ruptcy, or such a program was implemented within 180 days before the date of the filing of the petition, the court shall presume that the trustee has failed to satisfy the require-ments of subparagraph (f)(3)(C).’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘except that in no case’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) In no case’’; and 
(5) by striking subsection (k) and redesig-
nating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively. 
SEC. 203. PROTECTION OF EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
IN A SALE OF ASSETS. 
Section 363(b) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) In approving a sale under this sub-
section, the court shall consider the extent to which a bidder has offered to maintain ex-isting jobs, preserve terms and conditions of employment, and assume or match pension and retiree health benefit obligations in de-termining whether an offer constitutes the highest or best offer for such property.’’. 
SEC. 204. CLAIM FOR PENSION LOSSES. 
Section 502 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(l) The court shall allow a claim asserted 
by an active or retired participant, or by a labor organization representing such partici-pants, in a defined benefit plan terminated under section 4041 or 4042 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, for any shortfall in pension benefits accrued as of the effective date of the termination of such pension plan as a result of the termi-nation of the plan and limitations upon the payment of benefits imposed pursuant to sec-tion 4022 of such Act, notwithstanding any claim asserted and collected by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation with respect to such termination. 
‘‘(m) The court shall allow a claim of a 
kind described in section 101(5)(C) by an ac-tive or retired participant in a defined con-tribution plan (within the meaning of sec-tion 3(34) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(34))), or by a labor organization rep-resenting such participants. The amount of such claim shall be measured by the market value of the stock at the time of contribu-tion to, or purchase by, the plan and the value as of the commencement of the case.’’. 
SEC. 205. PAYMENTS BY SECURED LENDER. 
Section 506(c) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If employees have not received wages, accrued vacation, severance, or other benefits owed under the policies and prac-tices of the debtor, or pursuant to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement, for services rendered on and after the date of the commencement of the case, such unpaid obli-gations shall be deemed necessary costs and expenses of preserving, or disposing of, prop-erty securing an allowed secured claim and shall be recovered even if the trustee has otherwise waived the provisions of this sub-section under an agreement with the holder of the allowed secured claim or a successor or predecessor in interest.’’. 
SEC. 206. PRESERVATION OF JOBS AND BENE-
FITS. 
Chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting before section 1101 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 1100. Statement of purpose 
‘‘A debtor commencing a case under this 
chapter shall have as its principal purpose the reorganization of its business to preserve going concern value to the maximum extent possible through the productive use of its as-sets and the preservation of jobs that will sustain productive economic activity.’’; 
(2) in section 1129(a), as amended by sec-
tion 104, by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(18) The debtor has demonstrated that the 
reorganization preserves going concern value to the maximum extent possible through the productive use of the debtor’s assets and pre-serves jobs that sustain productive economic activity.’’; 
(3) in section 1129(c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(c)’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(2) If the requirements of subsections (a) 
and (b) are met with respect to more than 1 plan, the court shall, in determining which plan to confirm— 
‘‘(A) consider the extent to which each 
plan would preserve going concern value through the productive use of the debtor’s assets and the preservation of jobs that sus-tain productive economic activity; and 
‘‘(B) confirm the plan that better serves 
such interests. 
‘‘(3) A plan that incorporates the terms of 
a settlement with a labor organization rep-resenting employees of the debtor shall pre-sumptively constitute the plan that satisfies this subsection.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.025 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2576 April 30, 2015 
(4) in the table of sections, by inserting be-
fore the item relating to section 1101 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘1100. Statement of purpose.’’. 
SEC. 207. TERMINATION OF EXCLUSIVITY. 
Section 1121(d) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection, cause 
for reducing the 120-day period or the 180-day period includes the following: 
‘‘(A) The filing of a motion pursuant to 
section 1113 seeking rejection of a collective bargaining agreement if a plan based upon an alternative proposal by the labor organi-zation is reasonably likely to be confirmed within a reasonable time. 
‘‘(B) The proposed filing of a plan by a pro-
ponent other than the debtor, which incor-porates the terms of a settlement with a labor organization if such plan is reasonably likely to be confirmed within a reasonable time.’’. 
SEC. 208. CLAIM FOR WITHDRAWAL LIABILITY. 
Section 503(b) of title 11, United States 
Code, as amended by section 103 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(11) with respect to withdrawal liability 
owed to a multiemployer pension plan for a complete or partial withdrawal pursuant to section 4201 of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1381) where such withdrawal occurs on or after the commencement of the case, an amount equal to the amount of vested benefits payable from such pension plan that accrued as a re-sult of employees’ services rendered to the debtor during the period beginning on the date of commencement of the case and end-ing on the date of the withdrawal from the plan.’’. 
TITLE III—RESTRICTING EXECUTIVE 
COMPENSATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 301. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION UPON EXIT 
FROM BANKRUPTCY. 
Section 1129(a) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Except for compensation sub-ject to review under paragraph (5), payments or other distributions under the plan to or for the benefit of insiders, senior executive officers, and any of the 20 next most highly compensated employees or consultants pro-viding services to the debtor, shall not be ap-proved except as part of a program of pay-ments or distributions generally applicable to employees of the debtor, and only to the extent that the court determines that such payments are not excessive or dispropor-tionate compared to distributions to the debtor’s nonmanagement workforce.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the compensation disclosed pursuant 
to subparagraph (B) has been approved by, or is subject to the approval of, the court as reasonable when compared to individuals holding comparable positions at comparable companies in the same industry and not dis-proportionate in light of economic conces-sions by the debtor’s nonmanagement work-force during the case.’’. 
SEC. 302. LIMITATIONS ON EXECUTIVE COM-
PENSATION ENHANCEMENTS. 
Section 503(c) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘, a senior executive offi-
cer, or any of the 20 next most highly com-pensated employees or consultants’’ after 
‘‘an insider’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or for the payment of 
performance or incentive compensation, or a bonus of any kind, or other financial returns designed to replace or enhance incentive, stock, or other compensation in effect before the date of the commencement of the case,’’ after ‘‘remain with the debtor’s business,’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘clear and convincing’’ be-
fore ‘‘evidence in the record’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) other transfers or obligations, to or for 
the benefit of insiders, senior executive offi-cers, managers, or consultants providing services to the debtor, in the absence of a finding by the court, based upon clear and convincing evidence, and without deference to the debtor’s request for such payments, that such transfers or obligations are essen-tial to the survival of the debtor’s business or (in the case of a liquidation of some or all of the debtor’s assets) essential to the or-derly liquidation and maximization of value of the assets of the debtor, in either case, be-cause of the essential nature of the services provided, and then only to the extent that the court finds such transfers or obligations are reasonable compared to individuals hold-ing comparable positions at comparable companies in the same industry and not dis-proportionate in light of economic conces-sions by the debtor’s nonmanagement work-force during the case.’’. 
SEC. 303. ASSUMPTION OF EXECUTIVE BENEFIT 
PLANS. 
Section 365 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and (d)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(d), (q), and (r)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) No deferred compensation arrange-
ment for the benefit of insiders, senior exec-utive officers, or any of the 20 next most highly compensated employees of the debtor shall be assumed if a defined benefit plan for employees of the debtor has been terminated pursuant to section 4041 or 4042 of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, on or after the date of the commence-ment of the case or within 180 days before the date of the commencement of the case. 
‘‘(r) No plan, fund, program, or contract to 
provide retiree benefits for insiders, senior executive officers, or any of the 20 next most highly compensated employees of the debtor shall be assumed if the debtor has obtained relief under subsection (g) or (h) of section 1114 to impose reductions in retiree benefits or under subsection (d) or (e) of section 1113 to impose reductions in the health benefits of active employees of the debtor, or reduced or eliminated health benefits for active or retired employees within 180 days before the date of the commencement of the case.’’. 
SEC. 304. RECOVERY OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSA-
TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 
5 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 562 the following: 
‘‘§ 563. Recovery of executive compensation 
‘‘(a) If a debtor has obtained relief under 
subsection (d) of section 1113, or subsection (g) of section 1114, by which the debtor re-duces the cost of its obligations under a col-lective bargaining agreement or a plan, fund, or program for retiree benefits as defined in section 1114(a), the court, in granting relief, shall determine the percentage diminution in the value of the obligations when com-pared to the debtor’s obligations under the collective bargaining agreement, or with re-spect to retiree benefits, as of the date of the commencement of the case under this title before granting such relief. In making its de-termination, the court shall include reduc-
tions in benefits, if any, as a result of the termination pursuant to section 4041 or 4042 of the Employee Retirement Income Secu-rity Act of 1974, of a defined benefit plan ad-ministered by the debtor, or for which the debtor is a contributing employer, effective at any time on or after 180 days before the date of the commencement of a case under this title. The court shall not take into ac-count pension benefits paid or payable under such Act as a result of any such termination. 
‘‘(b) If a defined benefit pension plan ad-
ministered by the debtor, or for which the debtor is a contributing employer, has been terminated pursuant to section 4041 or 4042 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, effective at any time on or after 180 days before the date of the commence-ment of a case under this title, but a debtor has not obtained relief under subsection (d) of section 1113, or subsection (g) of section 1114, the court, upon motion of a party in in-terest, shall determine the percentage dimi-nution in the value of benefit obligations when compared to the total benefit liabil-ities before such termination. The court shall not take into account pension benefits paid or payable under title IV of the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as a result of any such termination. 
‘‘(c) Upon the determination of the per-
centage diminution in value under sub-section (a) or (b), the estate shall have a claim for the return of the same percentage of the compensation paid, directly or indi-rectly (including any transfer to a self-set-tled trust or similar device, or to a non-qualified deferred compensation plan under section 409A(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to any officer of the debtor serving as member of the board of directors of the debtor within the year before the date of the commencement of the case, and any individual serving as chairman or lead direc-tor of the board of directors at the time of the granting of relief under section 1113 or 1114 or, if no such relief has been granted, the termination of the defined benefit plan. 
‘‘(d) The trustee or a committee appointed 
pursuant to section 1102 may commence an action to recover such claims, except that if neither the trustee nor such committee com-mences an action to recover such claim by the first date set for the hearing on the con-firmation of plan under section 1129, any party in interest may apply to the court for authority to recover such claim for the ben-efit of the estate. The costs of recovery shall be borne by the estate. 
‘‘(e) The court shall not award postpetition 
compensation under section 503(c) or other-wise to any person subject to subsection (c) if there is a reasonable likelihood that such compensation is intended to reimburse or re-place compensation recovered by the estate under this section.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 5 of 
title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 562 the following: 
‘‘563. Recovery of executive compensation.’’. 
SEC. 305. PREFERENTIAL COMPENSATION TRANS-
FER. 
Section 547 of title 11, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(j)(1) The trustee may avoid a transfer— 
‘‘(A) made— ‘‘(i) to or for the benefit of an insider (in-
cluding an obligation incurred for the ben-efit of an insider under an employment con-tract) made in anticipation of bankruptcy; or 
‘‘(ii) in anticipation of bankruptcy to a 
consultant who is formerly an insider and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.025 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2577 April 30, 2015 
who is retained to provide services to an en-
tity that becomes a debtor (including an ob-ligation under a contract to provide services to such entity or to a debtor); and 
‘‘(B) made or incurred on or within 1 year 
before the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(2) No provision of subsection (c) shall 
constitute a defense against the recovery of a transfer described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) The trustee or a committee appointed 
pursuant to section 1102 may commence an action to recover such transfer, except that, if neither the trustee nor such committee commences an action to recover such trans-fer by the time of the commencement of a hearing on the confirmation of a plan under section 1129, any party in interest may apply to the court for authority to recover the claims for the benefit of the estate. The costs of recovery shall be borne by the es-tate.’’. 
TITLE IV—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. UNION PROOF OF CLAIM. 
Section 501(a) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including a labor organization,’’ after ‘‘A creditor’’. 
SEC. 402. EXCEPTION FROM AUTOMATIC STAY. 
Section 362(b) of title 11, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (28), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(29) of the commencement or continu-
ation of a grievance, arbitration, or similar dispute resolution proceeding established by a collective bargaining agreement that was or could have been commenced against the debtor before the filing of a case under this title, or the payment or enforcement of an award or settlement under such pro-ceeding.’’. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. W YDEN , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1158. A bill to ensure the privacy 
and security of sensitive personal in-formation, to prevent and mitigate identity theft, to provide notice of se-curity breaches involving sensitive per-sonal information, and to enhance law enforcement assistance and other pro-tections against security breaches, fraudulent access, and misuse of per-sonal information; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I 
am introducing the Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2015. This com-prehensive legislation will help ensure that the corporations Americans en-trust with their most personal infor-mation are taking steps to keep it se-cure. Data breaches continue to plague American businesses and compromise 
the privacy of millions of consumers. At the same time, the amount of infor-mation we share with corporations who are the target of these breaches is growing. Corporations collect and store our social security numbers, our bank account information, and our email ad-dresses. They collect information about our private health and medical conditions. They know what routes we take to and from work and where we drop our kids off at school. They can replicate our fingerprints. We even trust them with private photographs that we store in the cloud. Corporations benefit financially from 
our personal information, and they should be obligated to take steps to keep it safe. Too often, however, pri-vate information falls into the hands of those who would do us harm and we are not even told. Last year, in what is commonly referred to as the ‘‘Year of the Data Breach,’’ breaches at corpora-tions, including Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, and Sony Pictures, as well as many others, demonstrated how vul-nerable our corporations are to hackers and cyber criminals. In some cases these breaches exposed credit card data, social security numbers, or bank account information that left millions 
at risk of financial fraud or identity theft, and in other cases they exposed personal and private information to the public that led to embarrassment and reputational harm. 
The Consumer Privacy Protection 
Act I am introducing today seeks to protect the vast amount of information that we now share with corporations each and every day, and it builds and expands on data security legislation that I have introduced every Congress since 2005. In today’s modern world, data security is no longer just about protecting our identities and our bank accounts; it is about protecting our privacy. Americans want to know when someone has had unauthorized access to their emails, to their bank accounts, and to their private family pictures, but they do not just want to be notified of yet another data breach. Americans want to know that the corporations who are profiting from their informa-tion are actually doing something to prevent the next data breach. Con-sumers should not have to settle for mere notice of data breaches. Amer-ican consumers deserve protection. This legislation would accomplish that. 
The Consumer Privacy Protection 
Act requires that corporations meet certain privacy and data security standards to keep information they store about their customers safe, and requires that corporations notify the customer in the event of a breach. This legislation protects broad categories of data, including, social security num-bers and other government-issued iden-tification numbers; financial account information, including credit card numbers and bank accounts; online usernames and passwords, including email names and passwords; unique bi-ometric data, including fingerprints; information about a person’s physical and mental health; information about geolocation; and access to private dig-ital photographs and videos. 
I understand that not every breach 
can be prevented. Cyber criminals are determined and constantly looking for new ways to pierce the most sophisti-cated security systems. But just as we expect a bank to put a lock on the front door and an alarm on the vault to protect its customers’ money, we ex-pect corporations to take reasonable measures to protect the personal infor-mation they collect from us. Unfortu-nately, many of the corporations that 
profit from the very information that we entrust them to protect, have woe-fully inadequate measures to secure this information. For others, security is simply not a priority. American con-sumers deserve better. 
This legislation creates civil pen-
alties for corporations that fail to meet the required privacy and data security standards established in the bill or fail to notify customers when a breach oc-curs. The Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission, and the State Attorneys General each have a role in enforcement. This legislation also requires corporations to inform Federal law enforcement, such as the Secret Service and the FBI, of all large data breaches, as well as breaches that could impact the federal government. Such notification is necessary to help law enforcement bring these cyber criminals to justice and identify pat-terns that help protect against future attacks. 
Many Americans understandably as-
sume Federal law already protects this sensitive information—common sense tells us that it should. Unfortunately, the reality is that it does not. States provide a patchwork of protection, and while some laws are strong, others are not. For example, 47 States and the District of Columbia require some form of data breach notification, but only 12 States have passed data security re-quirements designed to prevent data breaches. My home state of Vermont has a strong data breach notification law that has been in effect since 2007. 
In crafting Federal law, we must be 
careful not to override the strong State laws that took years to accomplish with weaker Federal protections, but we also need to ensure that all Ameri-cans, regardless of where they live, have their privacy protected. To this end, the Consumer Privacy Protection Act preempts State law relating to data security and data breach notifica-tion only to the extent that the protec-tions under those laws are weaker than those provided for in this bill. We must ensure that consumers do not lose pri-vacy protections they currently enjoy. Since this bill is modeled after those States with the strongest consumer protections, however, I believe it will improve protections for consumers in nearly every State. 
I am joined today by Senators 
F
RANKEN , W ARREN , B LUMENTHAL , 
WYDEN , and M ARKEY in introducing 
this legislation. These Senators have long shared my commitment to pro-tecting consumer privacy. This legisla-tion also has the support of leading consumer privacy advocates, including: Center for Democracy and Technology, Consumers Union, National Consumers League, New America’s Open Tech-nology Institute, Consumer Federation of America, and Privacy Rights Clear-inghouse. 
Millions of Americans who have had 
their personal information com-promised or stolen as a result of a data 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.025 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2578 April 30, 2015 
breach consider this issue to be of crit-
ical importance and a priority for the Senate. Protecting privacy rights should be important to all of us, re-gardless of party or ideology. I hope that all Senators will support this measure to better protect Americans’ privacy. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 1169. A bill to reauthorize and im-
prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Reauthorization Act of 2015. Senator W
HITEHOUSE is joining me in this ef-
fort. 
This measure would improve our Na-
tion’s response to juvenile offenders in the criminal justice system. 
For the last 40 or so years, the Fed-
eral Government, through the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act, or JJDPA, has provided guidelines and resources to help States serve troubled adolescents. 
This 1974 law provides juvenile jus-
tice dollars to States and sets four core requirements for States that choose to accept these Federal funds. The law also created the Office of Juvenile Jus-tice and Delinquency Prevention at the Justice Department. 
A centerpiece of the current statute 
is its standards for the treatment of at- risk youth who come into contact with our criminal justice system. But these standards have not been updated since 2002, and the law’s authorization has expired. 
Since Congress last extended the law 
more than a dozen years ago, evidence has emerged that some of the JJDPA’s provisions need to be improved or strengthened to reflect the latest re-search on adolescent development. 
As chairman of the Senate Judiciary 
Committee, I have made this law’s re-newal a priority. The bill I am intro-ducing would extend the statute for 5 years and update its provisions to re-flect the latest research on what works with troubled adolescents. 
The bill also would continue 
Congress’s commitment to help State and local jurisdictions improve their juvenile justice systems through a pro-gram of formula grants. At the same time, the bill would improve the over-sight and accountability of this grant program in several key ways. 
Such accountability measures are vi-
tally needed to ensure the grant pro-gram’s integrity. 
The Senate Judiciary Committee 
heard testimony from whistleblowers last week that the Justice Department is failing to hold participating States accountable for meeting the JJDPA’s four core requirements. 
After I wrote several letters con-
cerning these whistleblower allega-tions, the Justice Department admit-ted to having a flawed compliance 
monitoring policy in place since 1997. This policy allowed States to receive JJDPA formula grants in violation of the law’s funding requirements. 
Witnesses at last week’s Senate Judi-
ciary hearing recounted violations of law, mismanagement, and waste of lim-ited juvenile justice grant funds, in ad-dition to retaliation against whistle-blowers. 
This is an injustice not only to the 
taxpayers but also to the youth who face inadequate juvenile justice sys-tems. It is also an injustice to the chil-dren who end up in the justice system as a result of poor experience in the foster care system. 
Shortcomings in the juvenile justice 
system will not be solved overnight. But I look forward to taking the lead on legislation in the 114th Congress that will make measurable improve-ments. 
In closing, numerous organizations 
have worked with us on the develop-ment of this bill, and I thank them for their contributions. I also thank Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE for his cosponsorship 
of the legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting its passage. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 1170. A bill to amend title 39, 
United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to introduce legislation to reauthorize the Breast Cancer Re-search Stamp for 4 more years. 
Without Congressional action, this 
important and effective way of raising additional funds for critical research will expire at the end of this year. These stamps are sold for a little more than the cost of first class postage, so customers can choose to donate in a simple and easy way. 
Since 1998, more than 986 million 
breast cancer research stamps have been sold, raising over $80.4 million for breast cancer research. The funds have gone to support breast cancer research at both the National Institutes of Health, NIH, and the Department of Defense. 
For example, the National Institutes 
of Health has used proceeds from the Breast Cancer Research Stamp to fund the Maternal Pregnancy Factors and Breast Cancer Risk Study. This study was designed to identify possible con-nections between various conditions during pregnancy and breast cancer risk. After comparing information from women who delivered babies and were later diagnosed with breast can-cer to women who delivered babies and were not diagnosed with breast cancer, researchers found that factors like preeclampsia or carrying twins may in-crease cancer risk. Knowing these risk 
factors helps both doctors and patients be vigilant about early screening. 
Thanks to breakthroughs in cancer 
research, more and more breast cancer patients are becoming survivors. Near-ly all patients with breast cancer caught in the early stages now survive. That is incredible, and a testament to how important this research has been. 
Though despite our great successes, 
the need for continued research and improved screening and treatments re-mains high. 
Breast cancer is the most commonly 
diagnosed cancer among women in the U.S. and the second leading cause of cancer deaths. One in eight women will be diagnosed, and more than 40,000 die from the disease each year. 
Though male breast cancer is less 
common, an estimated 2,350 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year. 
The Breast Cancer Research Stamp 
provides a simple, convenient way for Americans to contribute toward this vitally important research. It also pro-vides a symbol of hope for those af-fected by this disease. 
I thank Senator E
NZIfor joining me 
to support this bipartisan legislation and urge my colleagues to join us and ensure the stamp continues for another 4 years. 
This bill is supported by organiza-
tions including: the American Associa-tion of Cancer Research, AACR, Amer-ican Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, ACS CAN, American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, ACOG, American College of Surgeons, Are You Defense Advocacy, Breast Cancer Fund, Breast Cancer Research Foundation, Center for Women Policy Studies, Susan G. Komen, and the Tigerlily Foundation. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues on this important issue. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 156—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE WITH RESPECT TO CHILDHOOD STROKE AND RECOG-NIZING MAY 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PEDIATRIC STROKE AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 156 
Whereas a stroke, also known as cerebro-
vascular disease, is an acute neurologic in-jury that occurs when the blood supply to a part of the brain is interrupted by a clot in the artery or a burst of the artery; 
Whereas a stroke is a medical emergency 
that can cause permanent neurologic damage or even death if not promptly diagnosed and treated; 
Whereas a stroke occurs in approximately 
1 out of every 3,500 live births, and 4.6 out of 100,000 children ages 19 and under experience a stroke each year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.030 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2579 April 30, 2015 
Whereas a stroke can occur before birth; 
Whereas stroke is among the top 12 causes 
of death for children between the ages of 1 and 14 in the United States; 
Whereas 20 to 40 percent of children who 
have suffered a stroke die as a result; 
Whereas a stroke recurs within 5 years in 
10 percent of children who have had an ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke; 
Whereas the death rate for children who 
experience a stroke before the age of 1 is the highest out of all child age groups; 
Whereas there are no approved therapies 
for the treatment of acute stroke in infants and children; 
Whereas approximately 60 percent of in-
fants and children who have a pediatric stroke will have serious, permanent neuro-logical disabilities, including paralysis, sei-zures, speech and vision problems, and atten-tion, learning, and behavioral difficulties; 
Whereas such disabilities may require on-
going physical therapy and surgeries; 
Whereas the permanent health concerns of 
and treatments for strokes that occur during childhood and young adulthood have consid-erable impacts on children, families, and so-ciety; 
Whereas more information is necessary re-
garding the cause, treatment, and prevention of pediatric strokes; 
Whereas medical research is the only 
means by which the people of the United States can identify and develop effective treatment and prevention strategies for pedi-atric strokes; and 
Whereas early diagnosis and treatment of 
pediatric strokes greatly improves the chances that an affected child will recover and not experience a recurrence of a stroke: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes May 2015 as ‘‘National Pedi-
atric Stroke Awareness Month’’; 
(2) urges the people of the United States to 
support the efforts, programs, services, and organizations that enhance public awareness of pediatric stroke; 
(3) supports the work of the National Insti-
tutes of Health in pursuit of medical progress on pediatric stroke; and 
(4) urges continued coordination and co-
operation between the Federal Government, State and local governments, researchers, families, and the public to improve treat-ments and prognoses for children who suffer from strokes. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 157—RECOG-
NIZING THE ECONOMIC, CUL-TURAL, AND POLITICAL CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE SOUTH-EAST-ASIAN AMERICAN COMMU-NITY ON THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARIES OF THE BEGINNING OF KHMER ROUGE CONTROL OVER CAMBODIA AND THE BEGINNING OF THE CAMBODIAN GENOCIDE AND THE END OF THE VIETNAM WAR AND THE ‘‘SECRET WAR’’ IN THE KINGDOM OF LAOS 
Ms. HIRONO submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 157 
Whereas April 17, 2015, marks the 40th an-
niversary of the beginning of Khmer Rouge control over Cambodia and the beginning of the Cambodian Genocide; 
Whereas April 30, 2015, marks the 40th an-
niversary of the end of the Vietnam War; 
Whereas December 2, 2015, marks the 40th 
anniversary of the end of the ‘‘Secret War’’ in which Communists declared victory over the Kingdom of Laos and established a Com-
munist regime in that country; 
Whereas those historic events led to the 
forced migration to the United States, after 1975, of over 1,000,000 refugees from Cam-bodia, the Kingdom of Laos, and Vietnam; 
Whereas over 600,000 Vietnamese refugees 
were resettled in the United States, many of whom had worked with the United States Government as translators and civil servants during the Vietnam War and were paroled into the United States after the enactment of the Indochina Migration and Refugee As-sistance Act of 1975 (Public Law 94–23), and in the 1990s, over 30,000 survivors of Com-munist reeducation camps and 150,000 family members of those survivors were resettled in the United States; 
Whereas approximately 250,000 refugees 
from the Kingdom of Laos were resettled in the United States, many of whom assisted the war effort of the United States during the ‘‘Secret War’’ in Laos, including 35,000 individuals who served as Special Guerrilla Unit fighters in the surrogate army for the United States and others who served as civil servants; 
Whereas at least 115,000 Cambodian refu-
gees were resettled in the United States after 1 of the worst genocides of the 20th cen-tury, during which about 20 percent of the Cambodian population perished; 
Whereas the exodus of refugees from 
Southeast Asia prompted the United States to enact the Refugee Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–212) and establish the Office of Refugee Resettlement, which established the first formal refugee resettlement system in the United States; 
Whereas the Office of Refugee Resettle-
ment recognized the critical importance of Southeast Asian American Mutual Assist-ance Associations (MAAs) with the establish-ment in 1980 of a special grant program that lay the groundwork for a strong network of 
Southeast-Asian American community-based organizations in the United States; 
Whereas, as of April 2015, over 2,500,000 
Southeast-Asian Americans trace their her-itage to Cambodia, the Kingdom of Laos, and Vietnam; 
Whereas Southeast-Asian Americans in-
clude a broad diversity of ethnic groups, in-cluding— 
(1) Cham, Khmer, and Khmer Loeu from 
Cambodia; 
(2) Hmong, Iu-Mien, Khmu, Taidam, and 
Lao Theung from the Kingdom of Laos; and 
(3) ethnic Khmer, Montagnards, and Viet-
namese from Vietnam; and 
Whereas Southeast-Asian Americans— 
(1) have blazed trails to own small busi-
nesses, lead community-based organizations, serve in public office, and nurture emerging leaders; 
(2) carry on a rich cultural tradition of 
music and dance, and pioneer hybrid art forms such as spoken word poetry and hip- hop; 
(3) continue to face significant challenges 
to full economic and social empowerment, such as low rates of high school completion, high rates of poverty, and disproportionate rates of arrest and incarceration; and 
(4) remain resilient, rooted both in South-
east-Asian heritage and in the society of the United States, and rising toward a hopeful, equitable future: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the significance of the 40th 
anniversaries of— 
(A) the beginning of the Khmer Rouge rule 
in Cambodia and the Cambodian Genocide; 
(B) the end of the Vietnam War and the 
‘‘Secret War’’ in Laos; 
(C) the humanitarian response of the peo-
ple and Government of the United States to receive over 1,000,000 refugees from South-east Asia; and (D) the beginning of the Southeast-Asian 
American community in the United States; and 
(2) recognizes the ongoing contributions of 
the Southeast-Asian American community to the economic, cultural, and political vi-tality of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 158—RECOG-
NIZING THE CULTURAL AND HIS-TORIC SIGNIFICANCE OF THE CINCO DE MAYO HOLIDAY 
Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. R EIDof Nevada, Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. C RUZ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 158 
Whereas May 5, or ‘‘Cinco de Mayo’’ in 
Spanish, is celebrated each year as a date of importance by Mexican and Mexican-Amer-ican communities; 
Whereas the Cinco de Mayo holiday com-
memorates May 5, 1862, the date on which Mexicans defeated the French at the Battle of Puebla, one of the many battles that the Mexican people won in their long and brave fight for independence, freedom, and democ-racy; 
Whereas the victory of Mexico over France 
at Puebla represented a historic triumph for the Mexican government during the Franco- Mexican war of 1861–1867 and bolstered the resistance movement; 
Whereas the success of Mexico at the Bat-
tle of Puebla reinvigorated the spirits of the Mexican people and provided a renewed sense of unity and strength; 
Whereas the French army, which had not 
experienced defeat against any of the finest troops of Europe in more than half a cen-tury, sustained a disastrous loss at the hands of an outnumbered and ill-equipped, but highly spirited and courageous, Mexican army; 
Whereas the courageous spirit that Mexi-
can General Ignacio Zaragoza and his men displayed during that historic battle can never be forgotten; 
Whereas, in a larger sense, Cinco de Mayo 
symbolizes the right of a free people to self- determination, just as Benito Juarez, the president of Mexico during the Battle of Puebla, once said, ‘‘El respeto al derecho ajeno es la paz’’, meaning ‘‘respect for the rights of others is peace’’; 
Whereas the sacrifice of Mexican fighters 
was instrumental in keeping Mexico from falling under European domination while, in the United States, the Union Army battled Confederate forces in the Civil War; 
Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-
minder that the foundation of the United States was built by people from many coun-tries and diverse cultures who were willing to fight and die for freedom; 
Whereas Cinco de Mayo also serves as a re-
minder of the close ties between the people of Mexico and the people of the United States; 
Whereas Cinco de Mayo encourages the 
celebration of a legacy of strong leaders and a sense of vibrancy in communities; and 
Whereas Cinco de Mayo serves as a re-
minder to provide more opportunity for fu-ture generations: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the historic struggle of the 
people of Mexico for independence and free-dom, which Cinco de Mayo commemorates; and 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe Cinco de Mayo with appro-priate ceremonies and activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.031 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2580 April 30, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 159—DESIG-
NATING APRIL 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL 9-1-1 EDUCATION MONTH’’ 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. 
B
URR) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 159 
Whereas 9-1-1 is recognized throughout the 
United States as the number to call in an emergency to receive immediate help from police, fire, emergency medical services, or other appropriate emergency response enti-ties; 
Whereas, in 1967, the President’s Commis-
sion on Law Enforcement and Administra-tion of Justice recommended that a ‘‘single number should be established’’ nationwide for reporting emergency situations, and var-ious Federal Government agencies and gov-ernmental officials supported and encour-aged the recommendation; 
Whereas, in 1968, the American Telephone 
and Telegraph Company (commonly known 
as ‘‘AT&T’’) announced that it would estab-lish the digits 9-1-1 as the emergency code throughout the United States; 
Whereas Congress designated 9-1-1 as the 
national emergency call number in the Wire-less Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–81; 113 Stat. 1286); 
Whereas section 102 of the ENHANCE 911 
Act of 2004 (47 U.S.C. 942 note) declared an enhanced 9-1-1 system to be ‘‘a high national priority’’ and part of ‘‘our Nation’s home-land security and public safety’’; 
Whereas it is important that policy mak-
ers at all levels of government understand the importance of 9-1-1, how the 9-1-1 system works, and the steps that are needed to mod-ernize the 9-1-1 system; 
Whereas the 9-1-1 system is the connection 
between the eyes and ears of the public and the emergency response system in the United States and is often the first place emergencies of all magnitudes are reported, making 9-1-1 a significant homeland security asset; 
Whereas more than 6,000 9-1-1 public safety 
answering points serve more than 3,000 coun-ties and parishes throughout the United States; 
Whereas telecommunicators at public safe-
ty answering points answer more than 200,000,000 9-1-1 calls each year in the United States; 
Whereas a growing number of 9-1-1 calls 
are made using wireless and Internet Pro-tocol-based communications services; 
Whereas a growing segment of the popu-
lation of the United States, including indi-viduals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or deaf-blind, or have speech disabilities, is in-creasingly communicating with nontradi-tional text, video, and instant messaging communications services and expects those services to be able to connect directly to 9- 1-1; 
Whereas the growth and variety of means 
of communication, including mobile and Internet Protocol-based systems, impose challenges for accessing 9-1-1 and imple-menting an enhanced 9-1-1 system and re-quire increased education and awareness about the capabilities of different means of communication; 
Whereas numerous other ‘‘N-1-1’’ and 800 
number services exist for nonemergency sit-uations, including 2-1-1, 3-1-1, 5-1-1, 7-1-1, 8-1- 1, poison control centers, and mental health hotlines, and the public needs to be educated on when to use those services in addition to or instead of 9-1-1; 
Whereas international visitors and immi-
grants make up an increasing percentage of the population of the United States each year, and visitors and immigrants may have 
limited knowledge of the emergency calling system in the United States; 
Whereas people of all ages use 9-1-1 and it 
is critical to educate people on the proper use of 9-1-1; 
Whereas senior citizens are highly likely 
to need to access 9-1-1 and many senior citi-zens are learning to use new technology; 
Whereas thousands of 9-1-1 calls are made 
every year by children properly trained in the use of 9-1-1, which saves lives and under-scores the critical importance of training children early in life about 9-1-1; 
Whereas the 9-1-1 system is often misused, 
including by the placement of prank and nonemergency calls; 
Whereas misuse of the 9-1-1 system results 
in costly and inefficient use of 9-1-1 and emergency response resources and needs to be reduced; 
Whereas parents, teachers, and all other 
caregivers need to play an active role in 9-1- 1 education for children, but can do so only after first being educated themselves; 
Whereas there are many avenues for 9-1-1 
public education, including safety fairs, school presentations, libraries, churches, businesses, public safety answering point tours or open houses, civic organizations, and senior citizen centers; 
Whereas children, parents, teachers, and 
the National Parent Teacher Association make vital contributions to the education of children about the importance of 9-1-1 through targeted outreach efforts to public and private school systems; 
Whereas the United States should strive to 
host at least 1 educational event regarding the proper use of 9-1-1 in every school in the country every year; 
Whereas programs to promote proper use 
of 9-1-1 during National 9-1-1 Education Month could include— 
(1) public awareness events, including con-
ferences, media outreach, and training ac-tivities for parents, teachers, school admin-istrators, other caregivers, and businesses; 
(2) educational events in schools and other 
appropriate venues; and 
(3) production and distribution of informa-
tion about the 9-1-1 system designed to edu-cate people of all ages on the importance and proper use of 9-1-1; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
deserve the best education regarding the use of 9-1-1: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates April 2015 as ‘‘National 9-1-1 
Education Month’’; and 
(2) urges governmental officials, parents, 
teachers, school administrators, caregivers, businesses, nonprofit organizations, and the people of the United States to observe the month with appropriate ceremonies, training events, and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 160—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT PUBLIC SERV-ANTS SHOULD BE COMMENDED FOR THEIR DEDICATION AND CONTINUED SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES DURING PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION WEEK 
Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. 
L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. P ETERS ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 160 
Whereas the week of May 3 through 9, 2015 
has been designated as ‘‘Public Service Rec-ognition Week’’ to honor employees of the Federal Government and State and local governments and members of the uniformed services; 
Whereas Public Service Recognition Week 
provides an opportunity to recognize and promote the important contributions of pub-lic servants and honor the diverse men and women who meet the needs of the United States through work at all levels of govern-ment and as members of the uniformed serv-ices; 
Whereas millions of individuals work in 
government service, and as members of the uniformed services, in every State, county, and city across the United States and in hun-dreds of cities abroad; 
Whereas public service is a noble calling 
involving a variety of challenging and re-warding professions; 
Whereas the ability of the Federal Govern-
ment and State and local governments to be responsive, innovative, and effective depends on outstanding performance of dedicated public servants; 
Whereas the United States is a great and 
prosperous country, and public service em-ployees contribute significantly to that greatness and prosperity; 
Whereas the United States benefits daily 
from the knowledge and skills of the highly- trained individuals who work in public serv-ice; 
Whereas public servants— (1) defend the freedom of the people of the 
United States and advance the interests of the United States around the world; 
(2) provide vital strategic support func-
tions to the Armed Forces and serve in the National Guard and Reserves; 
(3) fight crime and fires; (4) ensure equal access to secure, efficient, 
and affordable mail service; 
(5) deliver benefits under the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), including ben-efits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); 
(6) fight disease and promote better health; (7) protect the environment and the parks 
of the United States; 
(8) enforce laws guaranteeing equal em-
ployment opportunity and healthy working conditions; 
(9) defend and secure critical infrastruc-
ture; 
(10) help the people of the United States re-
cover from natural disasters and terrorist at-tacks; 
(11) teach and work in schools and librar-
ies; 
(12) develop new technologies and explore 
the Earth, the Moon, and space to help im-prove knowledge on how the world changes; 
(13) improve and secure transportation sys-
tems; 
(14) promote economic growth; and (15) assist veterans of the Armed Forces; Whereas members of the uniformed serv-
ices and civilian employees at all levels of government make significant contributions to the general welfare of the United States, and are on the front lines in the fight to de-feat terrorism and maintain homeland secu-rity; 
Whereas public servants work in a profes-
sional manner to build relationships with other countries and cultures in order to bet-ter represent the interests and promote the ideals of the United States; 
Whereas public servants alert Congress and 
the public to government waste, fraud, and abuse, and of dangers to public health; 
Whereas the individuals serving in the uni-
formed services, as well as the skilled trade 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.034 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2581 April 30, 2015 
and craft employees of the Federal Govern-
ment who provide support to their efforts, are committed to doing their jobs regardless of the circumstances, and contribute greatly to the security of the United States and the world; 
Whereas public servants have bravely 
fought in armed conflicts in the defense of the United States and its ideals, and deserve the care and benefits they have earned through their honorable service; 
Whereas public servants have much to 
offer, as demonstrated by their expertise and innovative ideas, and serve as examples by passing on institutional knowledge to train the next generation of public servants; and 
Whereas the week of May 3 through 9, 2015 
marks the 31st anniversary of Public Service Recognition Week: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of the week of 
May 3 through 9, 2015 as ‘‘Public Service Rec-ognition Week’’; 
(2) commends public servants for their out-
standing contributions to this great country during Public Service Recognition Week and throughout the year; 
(3) salutes government employees, and 
members of the uniformed services, for their unyielding dedication to and enthusiasm for public service; 
(4) honors government employees and 
members of the uniformed services who have given their lives in service to their country; 
(5) calls upon a new generation to consider 
a career in public service as an honorable profession; and 
(6) encourages efforts to promote public 
service careers at all levels of government. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 161—DESIG-
NATING APRIL 2015 AS ‘‘FINAN-CIAL LITERACY MONTH’’ 
Mr. REED of Rhode Island (for him-
self, Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. M ORAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. C OCH-
RAN) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 161 
Whereas according to the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘FDIC’’), at least 27.7 per-cent of households in the United States, or nearly 34,400,000 households with approxi-mately 67,600,000 adults, are unbanked or underbanked and therefore have not had the opportunity to access savings, lending, and other basic financial services; 
Whereas according to the FDIC, approxi-
mately 30 percent of banks reported in 2011 that consumers lacked understanding of the financial products and services banks of-fered; 
Whereas according to the 2014 Consumer 
Financial Literacy Survey Final Report of the National Foundation for Credit Coun-seling— 
(1) approximately 41 percent of adults in 
the United States gave themselves a grade of C, D, or F on their knowledge of personal fi-
nance, and 73 percent of adults acknowledged that they could benefit from additional ad-vice and answers to everyday financial ques-tions from a professional; 
(2) 24 percent of adults in the United 
States, or approximately 56,300,000 individ-uals, admitted to not paying their bills on time; 
(3) only 39 percent of adults in the United 
States reported keeping close track of their spending, a percentage that has held steady 
since 2007; and 
(4) 16 percent of adults in the United 
States, or over 37,500,000 individuals, said not having enough ‘‘rainy day’’ savings for an emergency is their greatest financial con-cern, while the same percentage said that their greatest financial concern is not hav-ing enough money set aside for retirement; 
Whereas the 2014 Retirement Confidence 
Survey conducted by the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that only 18 per-cent of workers were ‘‘very confident’’ about having enough money for a comfortable re-tirement, which is a sharp decline in worker confidence from the 27 percent of workers who were ‘‘very confident’’ in 2007, while ap-proximately 56 percent of workers say they or their spouses have not calculated the amount of money they need to save for re-tirement; 
Whereas according to a 2015 ‘‘Flow of 
Funds’’ report by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, outstanding household debt in the United States was $13,500,000,000,000 at the end of the fourth quarter of 2014; 
Whereas according to the 2014 Survey of 
the States: Economic and Personal Finance Education in Our Nation’s Schools, a bien-nial report by the Council for Economic Edu-cation— 
(1) only 24 States require students to take 
an economics course as a high school gradua-tion requirement; and 
(2) only 17 States require students to take 
a personal finance course either independ-ently or as part of an economics course as a high school graduation requirement; 
Whereas according to the Gallup-Operation 
HOPE Financial Literacy Index, only 58 per-cent of students in the United States have money in a bank or credit union account; 
Whereas expanding access to the safe, 
mainstream financial system will provide in-dividuals with less expensive and more se-cure options for managing finances and building wealth; 
Whereas quality personal financial edu-
cation is essential to ensure that individuals are prepared to manage money, credit, and debt, and to become responsible workers, heads of household, investors, entrepreneurs, business leaders, and citizens; 
Whereas increased financial literacy em-
powers individuals to make wise financial decisions and reduces the confusion caused by an increasingly complex economy; 
Whereas a greater understanding of, and 
familiarity with, financial markets and in-stitutions will lead to increased economic activity and growth; 
Whereas in 2003, Congress determined that 
coordinating Federal financial literacy ef-forts and formulating a national strategy is important; and 
Whereas in light of that determination, 
Congress passed the Financial Literacy and Education Improvement Act (20 U.S.C. 9701 et seq.), establishing the Financial Literacy and Education Commission: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates April 2015 as ‘‘Financial Lit-
eracy Month’’ to raise public awareness about— 
(A) the importance of personal financial 
education in the United States; and 
(B) the serious consequences that may re-
sult from a lack of understanding about per-sonal finances; and 
(2) calls on the Federal Government, 
States, localities, schools, nonprofit organi-zations, businesses, and the people of the United States to observe Financial Literacy Month with appropriate programs and activi-ties. SENATE RESOLUTION 162—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF ALCOHOL RESPONSI-BILITY MONTH 
Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
H
ELLER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 162 
Whereas, in 2013, an estimated 10,076 people 
were killed in the United States in drunk driving crashes involving a driver with a blood alcohol content of .08 or greater, im-pacting countless family members, friends, and communities; 
Whereas, in 2013, 1 person died in a drunk 
driving crash every 52 minutes, on average; 
Whereas, in 2013, approximately 8,700,000 
people of the United States between the ages of 12 and 20, or nearly 23 percent of the age group for whom alcohol consumption is ille-gal, reported consuming alcohol during the preceding 30 days; 
Whereas research shows that a lifetime of 
conversations between parents and their children about alcohol, beginning at an early age, can help prevent underage drinking and alcohol abuse; 
Whereas the potential danger for young 
people to be involved in alcohol-related crashes escalates during prom and gradua-tion season; 
Whereas many State attorneys general are 
launching underage drinking prevention messages and programs in their States and communities; and 
Whereas April has been dedicated to alco-
hol awareness for the last 28 years, and more than awareness is needed to further reduce drunk driving and underage drinking: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) declares April to be Alcohol Responsi-
bility Month and supports the goal of en-couraging responsible decision-making re-garding beverage alcohol; 
(2) encourages parents to be responsible 
role models and to have ongoing conversa-tions with their children throughout their childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood about the dangers of alcohol abuse; 
(3) condemns the pervasiveness of alcohol- 
impaired driving and resulting tragedies; and 
(4) promotes the responsible consumption 
of alcohol by adults in the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 163—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE HUMANITARIAN CATASTROPHE CAUSED BY THE APRIL 25, 2015, EARTHQUAKE IN NEPAL 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. R EED of Rhode Island, Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. A YOTTE ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 163 
Whereas, on April 25, 2015, an earthquake 
measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale and the aftershocks of the earthquake devastated Kathmandu, Nepal and the surrounding areas, killing thousands, injuring thousands more people, and leaving many thousands of people homeless; 
Whereas the earthquake also resulted in 
the loss of life and destruction of property in India, Bangladesh, and the Tibetan Autono-mous Region of China; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.035 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2582 April 30, 2015 
Whereas United States citizens were also 
killed in the wide-scale destruction caused by the earthquake; 
Whereas Nepal, which is one of the poorest 
countries in the world, has an estimated 25 percent of the population living on less than $1.25 a day, has an estimated 46 percent un-employment rate with a majority of the pop-ulation engaged in subsistence agriculture, and has one of the slowest economic growth rates in the region; 
Whereas years of civil conflict in Nepal led 
to a massive influx of people into urban areas despite the absence of appropriate fa-cilities, roads, housing, and infrastructure to support the people; 
Whereas, since the end of hostilities, polit-
ical gridlock among the leadership of Nepal to finalize a constitution has stymied growth and development; 
Whereas the loss of infrastructure will fur-
ther inhibit economic growth in the impov-erished country of Nepal; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has worked with the Government of Nepal on disaster risk reduction and earthquake pre-paredness for years, which certainly saved many lives and accelerated the ability of the Government and people of Nepal to respond to disasters and earthquakes; 
Whereas the United States Government 
and the international community are mount-ing a large-scale response and recovery ef-fort; and 
Whereas the United States Agency for 
International Development is leading the re-sponse of the United States by providing a Disaster Assistance Response Team (DART), funding, and Urban Search and Rescue ex-perts: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) expresses profound sympathy to, and 
unwavering support for, the people of Nepal, India, Bangladesh, and the Tibetan Autono-mous Region of China, who have always shown resilience and now face catastrophic conditions in the aftermath of the April 25, 2015, earthquake, and sympathy for the fami-lies of the citizens of the United States who perished in the disaster; 
(2) applauds the rapid and concerted mobi-
lization by President Barack Obama to pro-vide immediate emergency humanitarian as-sistance to Nepal, and the hard work and dedication of the people at the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and the Department of Defense in quickly marshaling United States Government resources to address both the short- and long-term needs in Nepal; 
(3) urges that all appropriate efforts be 
made to secure the safety of orphans in Nepal; 
(4) urges that all appropriate efforts be 
made to sustain recovery assistance to Nepal beyond the immediate humanitarian crisis to support the people of Nepal with appro-priate humanitarian, developmental, and in-frastructure assistance needed to overcome the effects of the earthquake; 
(5) expresses appreciation for the ongoing 
and renewed commitment of the inter-national community to the recovery and de-velopment of Nepal; 
(6) urges all countries to commit to assist-
ing the people of Nepal with their long-term needs; 
(7) calls on the Government of Nepal to 
take all necessary actions to enable a faster and more sustainable recovery; and 
(8) expresses support for the United States 
Embassy team in Kathmandu, DART mem-bers, other Federal agencies, and the non 
governmental organization community in the United States, who are valiantly work-ing to assist thousands of people in Nepal under extremely adverse conditions. SENATE RESOLUTION 164—DESIG-
NATING APRIL 30, 2015, AS DIA DE LOS NINOS: CELEBRATING YOUNG AMERICANS 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
R
EIDof Nevada, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. R EED of Rhode Island, and Mr. 
SCHUMER ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 164 
Whereas each year, people in many coun-
tries throughout the world, and especially in the Western Hemisphere, celebrate Dı ´a de los 
Nin˜os, or Day of the Children, on April 30th 
in recognition and celebration of the future of their country—their children; 
Whereas children represent the hopes and 
dreams of the people of the United States, and the well-being of children remains one of the top priorities of the United States; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
must nurture and invest in children to pre-serve and enhance economic prosperity, de-mocracy, and the spirit of the United States; 
Whereas in 2013, the Census Bureau esti-
mated that approximately 17,800,000 of the nearly 54,000,000 individuals of Hispanic de-scent living in the United States are children under 18 years of age, representing 
1⁄3of the 
total Hispanic population residing in the United States and roughly 
1⁄4of the total 
population of children in the United States; 
Whereas Hispanic Americans, the youngest 
and largest racial or ethnic minority group in the United States, celebrate the tradition of honoring their children on Dı ´a de los 
Nin˜os and wish to share this custom with all 
people of the United States; 
Whereas, as the United States becomes 
more culturally and ethnically diverse, the 
people of the United States must strive to create opportunities that provide dignity and upward mobility for all children; 
Whereas the primary teachers of family 
values, morality, and culture are parents and family members, and children are respon-sible for passing on family values, morality, and culture to future generations; 
Whereas the importance of literacy and 
education is most often communicated to children through family members; 
Whereas the latest data from the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) indicates that Latino students continue to score lower than the national average on reading assessments conducted at the ele-mentary school, middle school, and high school levels—an achievement gap that has persisted for decades; 
Whereas the most recent data by NAEP 
demonstrates that 81 percent of Latino fourth graders in public schools are not pro-ficient in reading; 
Whereas Latino authors and Latino pro-
tagonists remain underrepresented in lit-erature for children, and less than 3 percent of books for children are written by Latino authors, illustrated by Latino book creators, or feature significant Latino cultural con-tent, even though 
1⁄4of all public school chil-
dren are Latino; 
Whereas research has shown that cul-
turally relevant literature can increase stu-dent engagement and reading comprehen-sion, yet some Latino students may go their entire educational experience without seeing themselves portrayed positively in the books that they read and the stories that they hear; 
Whereas increasing the number and pro-
portion of multicultural authors in lit-erature for children elevates the voices of the growing diverse communities in the United States and can serve as an effective strategy for closing the reading proficiency 
achievement gap; 
Whereas addressing the widening dispari-
ties that still exist among children is of paramount importance to the economic pros-perity of the United States; 
Whereas the designation of a day to honor 
the children of the United States will help affirm the significance of family, education, and community among the people of the United States; 
Whereas the designation of a day of special 
recognition for the children of the United States will provide an opportunity for chil-dren to reflect on their futures, articulate their aspirations, and find comfort and secu-rity in the support of their family members and communities; 
Whereas families should be encouraged to 
engage in family and community activities that include extended and elderly family members and encourage children to explore and develop confidence; 
Whereas the National Latino Children’s In-
stitute (NLCI), serving as a voice for chil-dren, has worked with cities throughout the United States to declare April 30, 2015, as Dı ´a 
de los Nin ˜os: Celebrating Young Americans, 
a day to bring together Latinos and commu-nities across the United States to celebrate and uplift children; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
should be encouraged to celebrate the gifts of children to society and invest in future generations: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates April 30, 2015, as Dı ´a de los 
Nin˜os: Celebrating Young Americans; and 
(2) calls on the people of the United States 
to join with all children, families, organiza-tions, communities, churches, cities, and States across the United States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies, includ-ing activities that— 
(A) center around children and are free or 
minimal in cost so as to encourage and fa-cilitate the participation of all people; 
(B) are positive and uplifting, and help 
children express their hopes and dreams; 
(C) provide opportunities for children of all 
backgrounds to learn about each other’s cul-tures and share ideas; 
(D) include all family members, especially 
extended and elderly family members, so as to promote greater communication among the generations within families, which will enable children to appreciate and benefit from the experiences and wisdom of elderly family members; 
(E) provide opportunities for families with-
in a community to build relationships; and 
(F) provide children with the support they 
need to develop skills and confidence, and to find the inner strength, will, and fire of the human spirit to make their dreams come true. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 165—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY 
Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. B ROWN ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 165 
Whereas April 25th of each year is recog-
nized internationally as World Malaria Day; 
Whereas malaria is a leading cause of 
death and disease in many developing coun-tries, despite being preventable and treat-able; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.038 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2583 April 30, 2015 
Whereas fighting malaria is in the national 
interest of the United States, as reducing the risk of malaria protects members of the Armed Forces of the United States and other people of the United States serving overseas in malaria-endemic regions, and reducing malaria deaths helps to lower risks of insta-bility in less developed countries; 
Whereas support for efforts to fight ma-
laria is in the diplomatic and moral interest of the United States, as that support gen-erates goodwill toward the United States and highlights the values of the people of the United States through the work of govern-mental, nongovernmental, and faith-based organizations of the United States; 
Whereas efforts to fight malaria are in the 
long-term economic interest of the United States because those efforts help developing countries— 
(1) identify at-risk populations; (2) provide a framework for critical emer-
gency disease treatment; 
(3) provide better health services; (4) increase local governance needed to ad-
dress substandard and counterfeit medicines that exacerbate malaria resistance; 
(5) produce healthier and more productive 
workforces; 
(6) advance economic development; and (7) promote stronger trading partners; 
Whereas malaria transmission occurred in 
97 countries and territories in 2014, and an estimated 3,200,000,000 people are at risk for malaria, the majority of whom are in sub-Sa-haran Africa, which accounts for 90 percent of malaria deaths in the world; 
Whereas young children and pregnant 
women are particularly vulnerable to and disproportionately affected by malaria; 
Whereas malaria greatly affects the health 
of children, as children under the age of 5 ac-count for an estimated 78 percent of malaria deaths each year; 
Whereas malaria poses great risks to ma-
ternal and neonatal health, causing com-plications during delivery, anemia, and low birth weights, and estimates indicate that malaria infection causes approximately 400,000 cases of severe maternal anemia and between 75,000 and 200,000 infant deaths an-nually in sub-Saharan Africa; 
Whereas heightened national, regional, and 
international efforts to prevent and treat malaria during recent years have made sig-nificant progress and helped save hundreds of thousands of lives; 
Whereas the World Malaria Report 2014 by 
the World Health Organization states that in 2013, approximately 49 percent of households in sub-Saharan Africa owned at least one in-secticide-treated mosquito net, and house-hold surveys indicated that 90 percent of peo-ple used an insecticide-treated mosquito net if one was available in the household; 
Whereas, in 2013, approximately 123,000,000 
people were protected by indoor residual spraying; 
Whereas the World Malaria Report 2014 fur-
ther states that between 2000 and 2013— 
(1) malaria mortality rates decreased by 47 
percent around the world; 
(2) in the African Region of the World 
Health Organization, malaria mortality rates decreased by 54 percent; and 
(3) an estimated 4,300,000 malaria deaths 
were averted globally, primarily as a result of increased interventions; 
Whereas the World Malaria Report 2014 fur-
ther states that out of 97 countries with on-going transmission of malaria in 2014— 
(1) 10 countries are classified as being in 
the pre-elimination phase; 
(2) 9 countries are classified as being in the 
elimination phase; and 
(3) 7 countries are classified as being in the 
prevention of malaria reintroduction phase of malaria control; Whereas continued national, regional, and 
international investment in efforts to elimi-nate malaria, including prevention and treatment efforts, the development of a vac-cine to immunize children from the malaria parasite, and advancements in insecticides, are critical in order to continue to reduce malaria deaths, prevent backsliding in areas where progress has been made, and equip the United States and the global community with the tools necessary to fight malaria and other global health threats; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has played a leading role in the recent progress made toward reducing the global burden of malaria, particularly through the President’s Malaria Initiative (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘PMI’’) and the con-tribution of the United States to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Ma-laria; 
Whereas, in May 2011, an independent, ex-
ternal evaluation, prepared by Boston Uni-versity, examining 6 objectives of the PMI, found the PMI to be a successful, well-led program that has ‘‘earned and deserves the task of sustaining and expanding the United States Government’s response to global ma-laria control efforts’’; 
Whereas the United States Government is 
pursuing a comprehensive approach to end-ing malaria deaths through the PMI, which is led by the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and implemented with assistance from the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, the Department of State, the Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health, the Department of Defense, and private sec-tor entities; 
Whereas the PMI focuses on helping part-
ner countries achieve major improvements in overall health outcomes through improved access to, and quality of, healthcare services in locations with limited resources; and 
Whereas the PMI, recognizing the burden 
of malaria on many partner countries, has set a target by 2020 of reducing malaria mor-tality by 
1⁄3from 2015 levels in PMI-sup-
ported countries, achieving a greater than 80 percent reduction from original 2000 baseline levels set by the PMI, reducing malaria mor-bidity in PMI-supported countries by 40 per-
cent from 2015 levels, and assisting at least 5 PMI-supported countries to meet the criteria of the World Health Organization for na-tional or sub-national pre-elimination: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of World 
Malaria Day; 
(2) recognizes the importance of reducing 
malaria prevalence and deaths to improve overall child and maternal health, especially in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(3) commends the recent progress made to-
ward reducing global malaria morbidity, mortality, and prevalence, particularly through the efforts of the President’s Ma-laria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; 
(4) welcomes ongoing public-private part-
nerships to research and develop more effec-tive and affordable tools for malaria diag-nosis, treatment, and vaccination; 
(5) recognizes the goals, priorities, and au-
thorities to combat malaria set forth in the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918); 
(6) supports continued leadership by the 
United States in bilateral, multilateral, and private sector efforts to combat malaria and to work with developing countries to create long-term strategies to increase ownership over malaria programs; and (7) encourages other members of the inter-
national community to sustain and increase their support for and financial contributions to efforts to combat malaria worldwide. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 14—PROVIDING THAT THE PRESIDENT MAY NOT PROVIDE SANCTIONS RELIEF TO IRAN UNTIL CERTAIN UNITED STATES CITIZENS ARE RELEASED FROM IRAN 
Mr. RISCH submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 14 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That, notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program until the Govern-ment of Iran releases to the United States the following United States citizens: 
(1) Saeed Abedini of Idaho, who has been 
detained in Iran on charges related to his re-ligious beliefs since September 2012. 
(2) Amir Hekmati of Michigan, who has 
been imprisoned in Iran on false espionage charges since August 2011. 
(3) Jason Rezaian of California, who, as an 
Iranian government credentialed reporter for the Washington Post, has been unjustly held in Iran on vague charges since July 2014. 
(4) Robert Levinson of Florida, who was ab-
ducted on Kish Island in March 2007. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1196. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. 
CORKER , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1197. Mr. COTTON proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 1191, supra. 
SA 1198. Mr. COTTON (for Mr. R
UBIO) pro-
posed an amendment to amendment SA 1197 proposed by Mr. C
OTTON to the bill H.R. 1191, 
supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1196. Mr. COTTON (for himself, 
Mr. C ORKER , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volun-teers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 11, strike line 16 and all 
that follows through ‘‘significant breach’’ on page 12, line 4, and insert the following: 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL BREACHES AND COMPLIANCE  
INCIDENTS .—The President shall, within 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.040 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2584 April 30, 2015 
calendar days of receiving credible informa-
tion relating to a potential breach or poten-tially significant compliance incident by Iran with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submitting infor-mation about a potential breach or poten-tially significant compliance incident pursu-ant to paragraph (2), the President shall make a determination whether such poten-tial breach 
SA 1197. Mr. COTTON proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared respon-sibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through ‘‘this section’’ on page 4, line7, and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
2011 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 134 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 135. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN. 
‘‘(a) T RANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF NU-
CLEAR AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN AND  
VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT WITHRESPECT TO  
SUCHAGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS .—Not 
later than 5 calendar days after reaching an agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall trans-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees and leadership— 
‘‘(A) the agreement, as defined in sub-
section (h)(1), including all related materials and annexes; 
‘‘(B) a verification assessment report of the 
Secretary of State prepared under paragraph (2) with respect to the agreement; and 
‘‘(C) a certification that— ‘‘(i) the agreement includes the appro-
priate terms, conditions, and duration of the agreement’s requirements with respect to Iran’s nuclear activities and provisions de-scribing any sanctions to be waived, sus-pended, or otherwise reduced by the United States, and any other nation or entity, in-cluding the United Nations; and 
‘‘(ii) the President determines the agree-
ment meets United States non-proliferation objectives, does not jeopardize the common defense and security, provides an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s nuclear ac-tivities permitted thereunder will not be in-imical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security, and en-sures that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, including for any research on or de-velopment of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose. 
‘‘(2) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall prepare, with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), a report assess-ing— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the Secretary will 
be able to verify that Iran is complying with its obligations and commitments under the agreement; ‘‘(ii) the adequacy of the safeguards and 
other control mechanisms and other assur-ances contained in the agreement with re-spect to Iran’s nuclear program to ensure Iran’s activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, in-cluding for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the capacity and capability of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency to ef-fectively implement the verification regime required by or related to the agreement, in-cluding whether the International Atomic Energy Agency will have sufficient access to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of covert nuclear-related activities and wheth-er it has the required funding, manpower, and authority to undertake the verification regime required by or related to the agree-ment. 
‘‘(B) A
SSUMPTIONS .—In preparing a report 
under subparagraph (A) with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall assume that Iran could— 
‘‘(i) use all measures not expressly prohib-
ited by the agreement to conceal activities that violate its obligations and commit-ments under the agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) alter or deviate from standard prac-
tices in order to impede efforts to verify that Iran is complying with those obligations and commitments. 
‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—A report under 
subparagraph (A) shall be transmitted in un-classified form, but shall include a classified annex prepared in consultation with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, summarizing relevant classified information. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Neither the require-
ments of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of para-graph (1), nor subsections (b) through (g) of this section, shall apply to an agreement de-scribed in subsection (h)(5) or to the EU–Iran Joint Statement made on April 2, 2015. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (A), any agreement as defined in subsection (h)(1) and any related materials, whether concluded before or after 
the date of the enactment of this section, shall not be subject to the exception in sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS OF  
NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—During the 30 calendar 
day period following transmittal by the President of an agreement pursuant to sub-section (a)— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall, as appropriate, hold briefings and hearings and otherwise obtain information in order to fully review such agreement; 
‘‘(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall, as appropriate, hold briefings and hearings on the compliance and verification mechanisms of such agreement; 
‘‘(C) the Committees on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives shall, as appropriate, hold briefings and hearings on the military significance of such agreement; and 
‘‘(D) the Committee on Banking and Urban 
Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives shall, as appropriate, hold brief-ings and hearings on the relief of sanctions provided under the agreement. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The period for congres-
sional review under paragraph (1) shall be 60 calendar days if an agreement, including all materials required to be transmitted to Con-gress pursuant to subsection (a)(1), is trans-mitted pursuant to subsection (a) between 
July 10, 2015, and September 7, 2015. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING INITIAL  
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), prior to and during the period for transmission of an agreement in subsection (a)(1) and during the period for congressional review provided in paragraph (1), including any additional pe-riod as applicable under the exception pro-vided in paragraph (2), the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PRESI -
DENTIAL CONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RESOLU -
TION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, except as provided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of dis-approval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statu-tory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment described in subsection (a) for a period of 12 calendar days following the date of pas-sage of the joint resolution of disapproval. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING CON -
GRESSIONAL RECONSIDERATION OF A JOINT RES -
OLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, except as pro-vided in paragraph (6), if a joint resolution of disapproval described in subsection (c)(2)(B) passes the Congress, and the President ve-toes such joint resolution, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a) for a period of 10 calendar days following the date of the President’s veto. 
‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions under 
paragraphs (3) through (5) do not apply to any new deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Action if that deferral, waiver, or other suspension is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 calendar days before 
the transmission by the President of an agreement, assessment report, and certifi-
cation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(7) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON IN -
SPECTIONS AND TRANSPARENCY .—The Presi-
dent, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Sec-retary of State, and any other Executive branch officer or agency may not waive, sus-pend, reduce, provide relief from, or other-wise limit the application of statutory sanc-tions with respect to Iran under any provi-sion of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement de-scribed under subsection (a) until the Presi-dent makes the following certifications: 
‘‘(A) The International Atomic Energy 
Agency (IAEA) will have access anytime without notice to all of Iran’s nuclear facili-ties, including to Iran’s enrichment facility at Natanz and its former enrichment facility at Fordow, and all of Iran’s military facili-ties, and including the use of the most up-to- date, modern monitoring technologies. 
‘‘(B) Inspectors will have access to the sup-
ply chain that supports Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. The new transparency and inspections mechanisms will closely monitor materials and components to prevent diversion to a se-cret program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.043 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2585 April 30, 2015 
‘‘(C) Inspectors will have access to ura-
nium mines and continuous surveillance at uranium mills, where Iran produces yellowcake, for 25 years. 
‘‘(D) Inspectors will have continuous sur-
veillance of Iran’s centrifuge rotors and bel-lows production and storage facilities for 20 years, and Iran’s centrifuge manufacturing base will be frozen and under continuous sur-veillance. 
‘‘(E) All centrifuges and enrichment infra-
structure removed from Fordow and Natanz will be placed under continuous monitoring by the IAEA. 
‘‘(F) As an additional transparency meas-
ure, a dedicated procurement channel for Iran’s nuclear program will be established to monitor and approve, on a case by case basis, the supply, sale, or transfer to Iran of cer-tain nuclear-related and dual use materials and technology. 
‘‘(G) Iran has agreed to implement the Ad-
ditional Protocol of the IAEA, providing the IAEA much greater access and information regarding Iran’s nuclear program, including both declared and undeclared facilities. 
‘‘(H) Iran will be required to grant access 
to the IAEA to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of a covert enrichment facil-ity, conversion facility, centrifuge produc-tion facility, or yellowcake production facil-ity anywhere in the country. 
‘‘(I) Iran has agreed to implement Modified 
Code 3.1 requiring early notification of con-struction of new facilities. 
‘‘(8) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON THE  
POSSIBLE MILITARY DIMENSIONS OF IRAN ’SN U-
CLEAR PROGRAM .—The President, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, and any other Executive branch offi-cer or agency may not waive, suspend, re-duce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described under subsection (a) until the President has cer-tified to Congress that the Government of Iran has fully and verifiably disclosed all of 
Iran’s Possible Military Dimensions associ-ated with the Iranian nuclear program. 
‘‘(9) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS BASED ON THE  
STATUS OF HARDENED UNDERGROUND ENRICH -
MENT FACILITIES .—The President, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, and any other Executive branch offi-cer or agency may not waive, suspend, re-duce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described under subsection (a) until the President has cer-tified to Congress that the Government of Iran has permanently closed or rendered in-operable all of its hardened underground fa-cilities associated with the Iranian nuclear program. 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran 
by Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
‘‘(B) these negotiations are a critically im-
portant matter of national security and for-eign policy for the United States and its closest allies; 
‘‘(C) this section does not require a vote by 
Congress for the agreement to commence; 
‘‘(D) this section provides for congressional 
review, including, as appropriate, for ap-proval, disapproval, or no action on statu-tory sanctions relief under an agreement; and ‘‘(E) even though the agreement may com-
mence, because the sanctions regime was im-posed by Congress and only Congress can permanently modify or eliminate that re-gime, it is critically important that Con-gress have the opportunity, in an orderly and deliberative manner, to consider and, as ap-propriate, take action affecting the statu-tory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(2) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement sub-ject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— 
‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, during the period for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Con-gress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, following the period for review provided in subsection (b), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’ shall include waiver, suspen-sion, reduction, or other effort to provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran under any provision of law or any other ef-fort to refrain from applying any such sanc-tions. 
‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF IRANIAN  
COMPLIANCE WITHNUCLEAR AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall keep 
the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of all aspects of Iranian compliance with re-spect to an agreement subject to subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT BREACHES  
AND COMPLIANCE INCIDENTS .—The President 
shall, within 10 calendar days of receiving credible and accurate information relating to a potentially significant breach or compli-ance incident by Iran with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 calendar days after submitting infor-mation about a potentially significant breach or compliance incident pursuant to paragraph (2), the President shall make a de-termination whether such potentially sig-nificant breach or compliance issue con-stitutes a material breach and, if there is such a material breach, whether Iran has cured such material breach, and shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership such determination, accom-panied by, as appropriate, a report on the ac-tion or failure to act by Iran that led to the material breach, actions necessary for Iran to cure the breach, and the status of Iran’s efforts to cure the breach. 
‘‘(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 
180 calendar days after entering into an agreement described in subsection (a), and not less frequently than once every 180 cal-endar days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on Iran’s nuclear program and the compliance of Iran with the agreement during the period cov-ered by the report, including the following elements: ‘‘(A) Any action or failure to act by Iran 
that breached the agreement or is in non-compliance with the terms of the agreement. 
‘‘(B) Any delay by Iran of more than one 
week in providing inspectors access to facili-ties, people, and documents in Iran as re-quired by the agreement. 
‘‘(C) Any progress made by Iran to resolve 
concerns by the International Atomic En-ergy Agency about possible military dimen-sions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
‘‘(D) Any procurement by Iran of materials 
in violation of the agreement or which could otherwise significantly advance Iran’s abil-ity to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
‘‘(E) Any centrifuge research and develop-
ment conducted by Iran that— 
‘‘(i) is not in compliance with the agree-
ment; or 
‘‘(ii) may substantially enhance the break-
out time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon 
by Iran, if deployed. 
‘‘(F) Any diversion by Iran of uranium, 
carbon-fiber, or other materials for use in Iran’s nuclear program in violation of the agreement. 
‘‘(G) Any covert nuclear activities under-
taken by Iran, including any covert nuclear weapons-related or covert fissile material ac-tivities or research and development. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of whether any Iranian 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, in-cluding names of specific financial institu-tions if applicable. 
‘‘(I) Iran’s advances in its ballistic missile 
program, including developments related to its long-range and inter-continental ballistic missile programs. 
‘‘(J) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) whether Iran directly supported, fi-
nanced, planned, or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(ii) whether, and the extent to which, 
Iran supported acts of terrorism, including acts of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
‘‘(iii) all actions, including in inter-
national fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran to directly or indirectly carry out acts of terrorism against the United States and United States persons; 
‘‘(iv) the impact on the national security 
of the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian ac-tions reported under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(v) all of the sanctions relief provided to 
Iran, pursuant to the agreement, and a de-scription of the relationship between each sanction waived, suspended, or deferred and Iran’s nuclear weapon’s program. 
‘‘(K) An assessment of whether violations 
of internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, increased, or de-creased, as compared to the prior 180-day pe-riod. 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS AND INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) A GENCY REPORTS .—Following submis-
sion of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership, the Department of State, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Defense shall, upon the re-quest of any of those committees or leader-ship, promptly furnish to those committees or leadership their views as to whether the safeguards and other controls contained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program provide an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s activities permitted there-under will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.044 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2586 April 30, 2015 
‘‘(B) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION ON NUCLEAR  
INITIATIVES WITH IRAN .—The President shall 
keep the appropriate congressional commit-tees and leadership fully and currently in-formed of any initiative or negotiations with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program, in-cluding any new or amended agreement. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION .—After the 
review period provided in subsection (b), the President shall, not less than every 90 cal-endar days— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the President is 
able to certify that— 
‘‘(i) Iran is transparently, verifiably, and 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agree-ments; 
‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material 
breach with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, in-
cluding covert action, that could signifi-cantly advance its nuclear weapons program; and 
‘‘(iv) suspension of sanctions related to 
Iran pursuant to the agreement is— 
‘‘(I) appropriate and proportionate to the 
specific and verifiable measures taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit nuclear program; and 
‘‘(II) vital to the national security inter-
ests of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) if the President determines he is able 
to make the certification described in sub-paragraph (A), make such certification to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. 
‘‘(7) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(A) United States sanctions on Iran for 
terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will remain in place under an agree-ment, as defined in subsection (h)(1); 
‘‘(B) issues not addressed by an agreement 
on the nuclear program of Iran, including fair and appropriate compensation for Amer-icans who were terrorized and subjected to torture while held in captivity for 444 days after the seizure of the United States Em-bassy in Tehran, Iran, in 1979 and their fami-lies, the freedom of Americans held in Iran, the human rights abuses of the Government of Iran against its own people, and the con-tinued support of terrorism worldwide by the Government of Iran, are matters critical to ensure justice and the national security of the United States, and should be expedi-tiously addressed; 
‘‘(C) the President should determine the 
agreement in no way compromises the com-mitment of the United States to Israel’s se-curity, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist; and 
‘‘(D) in order to responsibly implement any 
long-term agreement reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran, it is critically im-portant that Congress have the opportunity to review any agreement and, as necessary, take action to modify the statutory sanc-tions regime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(6) or has determined pursuant to subsection (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, Congress may initiate within 60 calendar days expedited consideration of qualifying legislation pursuant to this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘quali-fying legislation’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— ‘‘(A) the title of which is as follows: ‘A bill 
reinstating statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran.’; and 
‘‘(B) the matter after the enacting clause 
of which is: ‘Any statutory sanctions im-posed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that were waived, suspended, re-
duced, or otherwise relieved pursuant to an agreement submitted pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 are hereby reinstated and any action by the United States Government to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to such agreement, or provide any further waiv-er, suspension, reduction, or other relief pur-suant to such agreement is hereby prohib-ited.’, with the blank space being filled in with the law or laws under which sanctions are to be reinstated. 
‘‘(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-calendar 
day period provided for in paragraph (1), qualifying legislation may be introduced— 
‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by 
the majority leader or the minority leader; and 
‘‘(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader 
(or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). 
‘‘(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If a com-
mittee of the House to which qualifying leg-islation has been referred has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 legisla-tive days after the date of referral, that com-mittee shall be discharged from further con-sideration thereof. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Be-
ginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which qualifying legisla-tion has been referred reports it to the House or has been discharged from further consid-eration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the qualifying legisla-tion in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the qualifying leg-islation with regard to the same agreement. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption with-out intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—The qualifying legis-
lation shall be considered as read. All points of order against the qualifying legislation and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as 
ordered on the qualifying legislation to final passage without intervening motion except two hours of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the sponsor of the qualifying legis-lation (or a designee) and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the qualifying legislation shall not be in order. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
‘‘(A) C OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying 
legislation introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the 
Committee on Foreign Relations has not re-ported such qualifying legislation within 10 session days after the date of referral of such legislation, that committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of such legislation and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. 
‘‘(C) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not-
withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to con-sider qualifying legislation reports it to the Senate or has been discharged from its con-sideration (even though a previous motion to 
the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of qualifying legislation, and all points of order against qualifying legislation (and against consideration of the qualifying legislation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not de-batable. The motion is not subject to a mo-tion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or dis-agreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the quali-fying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished busi-ness until disposed of. 
‘‘(D) D
EBATE .—Debate on qualifying legis-
lation, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the qualifying legislation is not in order. 
‘‘(E) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on pas-
sage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. 
‘‘(F) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(G) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— 
Debate in the Senate of any veto message with respect to qualifying legislation, in-cluding all debatable motions and appeals in connection with such qualifying legislation, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally di-vided between, and controlled by, the major-ity leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
‘‘(6) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following proce-dures shall apply: 
‘‘(i) The qualifying legislation of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to qualifying legislation 
of the House receiving the legislation— 
‘‘(I) the procedure in that House shall be 
the same as if no qualifying legislation had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
qualifying legislation of the other House. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF A BILL OF OTHER  
HOUSE .—If one House fails to introduce quali-
fying legislation under this section, the qualifying legislation of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor proce-dures under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEAS -
URES .—If, following passage of the qualifying 
legislation in the Senate, the Senate then re-ceives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO REVENUE MEASURES .— 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to qualifying legislation which is a revenue measure. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—Subsection (e) is enacted by 
Congress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such are deemed a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.044 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2587 April 30, 2015 
part of the rules of each House, respectively, 
but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
the section shall be construed as— 
‘‘(1) modifying, or having any other impact 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate execu-tive agreements, other than the restrictions on implementation of the agreements spe-cifically covered by this section; 
‘‘(2) allowing any new waiver, suspension, 
reduction, or other relief from statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any pro-vision of law, or allowing the President to refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) during the period for review pro-vided in subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) revoking or terminating any statutory 
sanctions imposed on Iran; or 
‘‘(4) authorizing the use of military force 
against Iran. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A GREEMENT .—The term ‘agreement’ 
means an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or other-wise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint com-prehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, docu-ments, and guidance, technical or other un-derstandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or im-plemented in the future. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means the Committee on Fi-nance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Fi-nancial Services, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP .—The term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees and leader-ship’ means the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Majority and Minority Lead-ers of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Finan-cial Services, the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Speaker, Major-ity Leader, and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(4) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Iranian financial institution’ has the meaning given the term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). ‘‘(5) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term 
‘Joint Plan of Action’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Ac-tion, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, the exten-sion agreed to on November 24, 2014, and any materially identical extension that is agreed to on or after the date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. 
‘‘(6) EU-
IRAN JOINT STATEMENT .—The term 
‘EU-Iran Joint Statement’ means only the Joint Statement by EU High Representative Federica Mogherini and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif made on April 2, 2015, at Lausanne, Switzerland. 
‘‘(7) M
ATERIAL BREACH .—The term ‘mate-
rial breach’ means, with respect to an agree-ment described in subsection (a), any breach of the agreement, or in the case of non-bind-ing commitments, any failure to perform those commitments, that substantially— 
‘‘(A) benefits Iran’s nuclear program; ‘‘(B) decreases the amount of time required 
by Iran to achieve a nuclear weapon; or 
‘‘(C) deviates from or undermines the pur-
poses of such agreement. 
‘‘(8) N
ONCOMPLIANCE DEFINED .—The term 
‘noncompliance’ means any departure from the terms of an agreement described in sub-section (a) that is not a material breach. 
‘‘(9) P5+
1 COUNTRIES .—The term ‘P5+1 coun-
tries’ means the United States, France, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany. 
‘‘(10) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8511).’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by section 2 
SA 1198. Mr. COTTON (for Mr. R UBIO) 
proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1197 proposed by Mr. C
OTTON to the 
bill H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
On page 3, line 20, of the amendment, 
strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the President determines Iran’s lead-
ers have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 30, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 30, 
2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on April 30, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 30, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS , FORESTS , 
AND MINING  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 30, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SECURITIES , INSURANCE , AND 
INVESTMENT  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Secu-rities, Insurance, and Investment be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on April 30, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Insurance Capital Rules and FSOC Process.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RAFAEL RAMOS AND WENJIAN LIU 
NATIONAL BLUE ALERT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 33, S. 665. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 665) to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on pas-sage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.044 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2588 April 30, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (S. 665) was passed, as fol-
lows: 
S. 665 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Rafael 
Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue Alert Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OORDINATOR .—The term ‘‘Coordinator’’ 
means the Blue Alert Coordinator of the De-partment of Justice designated under section 4(a). 
(2) B
LUE ALERT .—The term ‘‘Blue Alert’’ 
means information sent through the network relating to— 
(A) the serious injury or death of a law en-
forcement officer in the line of duty; 
(B) an officer who is missing in connection 
with the officer’s official duties; or 
(C) an imminent and credible threat that 
an individual intends to cause the serious in-jury or death of a law enforcement officer. 
(3) B
LUE ALERT PLAN .—The term ‘‘Blue 
Alert plan’’ means the plan of a State, unit of local government, or Federal agency par-ticipating in the network for the dissemina-tion of information received as a Blue Alert. 
(4) L
AW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .—The term 
‘‘law enforcement officer’’ shall have the same meaning as in section 1204 of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796b). 
(5) N
ETWORK .—The term ‘‘network’’ means 
the Blue Alert communications network es-tablished by the Attorney General under sec-tion 3. 
(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
SEC. 3. BLUE ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET-
WORK. 
The Attorney General shall establish a na-
tional Blue Alert communications network within the Department of Justice to issue Blue Alerts through the initiation, facilita-tion, and promotion of Blue Alert plans, in coordination with States, units of local gov-ernment, law enforcement agencies, and other appropriate entities. 
SEC. 4. BLUE ALERT COORDINATOR; GUIDE-
LINES. 
(a) C OORDINATION WITHIN DEPARTMENT OF  
JUSTICE .—The Attorney General shall assign 
an existing officer of the Department of Jus-tice to act as the national coordinator of the Blue Alert communications network. 
(b) D
UTIES OF THE COORDINATOR .—The Co-
ordinator shall— 
(1) provide assistance to States and units 
of local government that are using Blue Alert plans; 
(2) establish voluntary guidelines for 
States and units of local government to use in developing Blue Alert plans that will pro-mote compatible and integrated Blue Alert plans throughout the United States, includ-ing— 
(A) a list of the resources necessary to es-
tablish a Blue Alert plan; 
(B) criteria for evaluating whether a situa-
tion warrants issuing a Blue Alert; (C) guidelines to protect the privacy, dig-
nity, independence, and autonomy of any law enforcement officer who may be the subject of a Blue Alert and the family of the law en-forcement officer; 
(D) guidelines that a Blue Alert should 
only be issued with respect to a law enforce-ment officer if— 
(i) the law enforcement agency involved— (I) confirms— (aa) the death or serious injury of the law 
enforcement officer; or 
(bb) the attack on the law enforcement of-
ficer and that there is an indication of the death or serious injury of the officer; or 
(II) concludes that the law enforcement of-
ficer is missing in connection with the offi-cer’s official duties; 
(ii) there is an indication of serious injury 
to or death of the law enforcement officer; 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been ap-
prehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive informa-
tion of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
(E) guidelines that a Blue Alert should 
only be issued with respect to a threat to cause death or serious injury to a law en-forcement officer if— 
(i) a law enforcement agency involved con-
firms that the threat is imminent and cred-ible; 
(ii) at the time of receipt of the threat, the 
suspect is wanted by a law enforcement agency; 
(iii) the suspect involved has not been ap-
prehended; and 
(iv) there is sufficient descriptive informa-
tion of the suspect involved and any relevant vehicle and tag numbers; 
(F) guidelines— (i) that information should be provided to 
the National Crime Information Center data-base operated by the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation under section 534 of title 28, United States Code, and any relevant crime information repository of the State involved, relating to— 
(I) a law enforcement officer who is seri-
ously injured or killed in the line of duty; or 
(II) an imminent and credible threat to 
cause the serious injury or death of a law en-forcement officer; 
(ii) that a Blue Alert should, to the max-
imum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consultation with law en-forcement agencies of States and units of local governments), be limited to the geo-graphic areas most likely to facilitate the apprehension of the suspect involved or which the suspect could reasonably reach, which should not be limited to State lines; 
(iii) for law enforcement agencies of States 
or units of local government to develop plans to communicate information to neighboring States to provide for seamless communica-tion of a Blue Alert; and 
(iv) providing that a Blue Alert should be 
suspended when the suspect involved is ap-prehended or when the law enforcement agency involved determines that the Blue Alert is no longer effective; and 
(G) guidelines for— (i) the issuance of Blue Alerts through the 
network; and 
(ii) the extent of the dissemination of 
alerts issued through the network; 
(3) develop protocols for efforts to appre-
hend suspects that address activities during the period beginning at the time of the ini-tial notification of a law enforcement agency that a suspect has not been apprehended and ending at the time of apprehension of a sus-pect or when the law enforcement agency in-volved determines that the Blue Alert is no longer effective, including protocols regu-lating— (A) the use of public safety communica-
tions; 
(B) command center operations; and (C) incident review, evaluation, debriefing, 
and public information procedures; 
(4) work with States to ensure appropriate 
regional coordination of various elements of the network; 
(5) establish an advisory group to assist 
States, units of local government, law en-forcement agencies, and other entities in-volved in the network with initiating, facili-tating, and promoting Blue Alert plans, which shall include— 
(A) to the maximum extent practicable, 
representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and 
(B) members who are— (i) representatives of a law enforcement or-
ganization representing rank-and-file offi-cers; 
(ii) representatives of other law enforce-
ment agencies and public safety communica-tions; 
(iii) broadcasters, first responders, dis-
patchers, and radio station personnel; and 
(iv) representatives of any other individ-
uals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the network; 
(6) act as the nationwide point of contact 
for— 
(A) the development of the network; and (B) regional coordination of Blue Alerts 
through the network; and 
(7) determine— (A) what procedures and practices are in 
use for notifying law enforcement and the public when— 
(i) a law enforcement officer is killed or se-
riously injured in the line of duty; 
(ii) a law enforcement officer is missing in 
connection with the officer’s official duties; and 
(iii) an imminent and credible threat to 
kill or seriously injure a law enforcement of-ficer is received; and 
(B) which of the procedures and practices 
are effective and that do not require the ex-penditure of additional resources to imple-ment. 
(c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—The guide-
lines established under subsection (b)(2), pro-tocols developed under subsection (b)(3), and other programs established under subsection (b), shall not be mandatory. 
(2) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
guidelines established under subsection (b)(2) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consulta-tion with law enforcement agencies of States and units of local government), provide that appropriate information relating to a Blue Alert is disseminated to the appropriate offi-cials of law enforcement agencies, public health agencies, and other agencies. 
(3) P
RIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES PROTEC -
TIONS .—The guidelines established under 
subsection (b) shall— 
(A) provide mechanisms that ensure that 
Blue Alerts comply with all applicable Fed-eral, State, and local privacy laws and regu-lations; and 
(B) include standards that specifically pro-
vide for the protection of the civil liberties, including the privacy, of law enforcement of-ficers who are seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or who are threatened with death or serious injury, and the families of the officers. 
(d) C
OOPERATION WITHOTHER AGENCIES .— 
The Coordinator shall cooperate with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Transportation, the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, and appropriate offices of the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G30AP6.054 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2589 April 30, 2015 
Justice in carrying out activities under this 
Act. 
(e) R ESTRICTIONS ON COORDINATOR .—The 
Coordinator may not— 
(1) perform any official travel for the sole 
purpose of carrying out the duties of the Co-ordinator; 
(2) lobby any officer of a State regarding 
the funding or implementation of a Blue Alert plan; or 
(3) host a conference focused solely on the 
Blue Alert program that requires the expend-iture of Federal funds. 
(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on the activities of the Coordinator and the effectiveness and status of the Blue Alert plans that are in effect or being developed. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE 
DESIGNATION OF MAY 1, 2015, AS ‘‘SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY’’ 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be dis-charged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the con-sideration of S. Res. 136. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 136) expressing sup-
port for the designation of May 1, 2015, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. CASSIDY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 136) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of April 16, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate now proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 158, Cinco de Mayo; S. Res. 159, National 9–1–1 Education Month; S. Res. 160, Public Service Rec-ognition Week; S. Res. 161, Financial Literacy Month; S. Res. 162, Alcohol Responsibility Month; S. Res. 163, earthquake in Nepal; S. Res. 164, Dia de los Ninos; and S. Res. 165, World Ma-laria Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. CASSIDY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations: Cal-endar Nos. 84 through 94, and 96 through 106, and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be con-firmed and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army Medical Service Corps to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Raymond S. Dingle 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy Reserve to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
Rear Adm. (1h) Ron. J. MacLaren 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Herman A. Shelanski 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. James J. Burks 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. James C. Balserak 
Brig. Gen. Steven J. Berryhill Brig. Gen. Kevin W. Bradley Brig. Gen. Peter J. Byrne Brig. Gen. Gretchen S. Dunkelberger Brig. Gen. Richard J. Evans, III Brig. Gen. Robert M. Ginnetti Brig. Gen. Jeffrey W. Hauser Brig. Gen. William O. Hill Brig. Gen. Joseph K. Kim Brig. Gen. Jerome P. Limoge, Jr. Brig. Gen. Paul C. Maas, Jr. Brig. Gen. John P. McGoff Brig. Gen. Brian C. Newby Brig. Gen. Marc H. Sasseville Brig. Gen. Michael E. Stencel Brig. Gen. Carol A. Timmons 
The following named office for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Kyle W. Robinson 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grades indicatd under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Robert D. Carlson 
Brig. Gen. Daniel J. Dire Brig. Gen. Mary E. Link Brig. Gen. Hugh C. Van Roosen 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Vincent B. Barker 
Col. Lisa L. Doumont Col. Robert D. Harter Col. John F. Hussey Col. Scott R. Morcomb Col. Gerard L. Schwartz Col. Richard K. Sele Col. Tracy L. Smith 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army as a Chaplain under title 10, U.S.C., sections 624 and 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
Chaplain (Col.) Thomas L. Solhjem 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Danelle M. Barrett 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Ronald C. Copley 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.048 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2590 April 30, 2015 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Timothy M. Ray 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Darryl L. Roberson 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Charles Q. Brown, Jr. 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Eric C. Bush 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Alan R. Lynn 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Jill K. Faris 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Gary H. Cheek 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Christian A. Rofrano 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Nora W. Tyson 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Mark A. Brilakis 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10 U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Robert S. Walsh 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN355 AIR FORCE nomination of Troy S. 
Thomas, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of 
April 13, 2015. 
PN356 AIR FORCE nomination of Linell A. 
Letendre, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN386 AIR FORCE nominations (115) begin-
ning BAMIDELE A. ADETUNJI, and ending KERI L. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN387 AIR FORCE nominations (20) begin-
ning TRAVIS M. ALLEN, and ending JEROMY JAMES WELLS, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN388 AIR FORCE nominations (16) begin-
ning RICHARD S. BEYEA, III, and ending TRAVIS C. YELTON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN389 AIR FORCE nominations (9) begin-
ning KEITH L. CLARK, and ending JENNIE LEIGH L. STODDART, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN390 AIR FORCE nominations (54) begin-
ning TALIB Y. ALI, and ending GABRIEL ZIMMERER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN391 AIR FORCE nomination of John W. 
Heck, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN392 AIR FORCE nomination of Anna 
Hamm, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN393 AIR FORCE nomination of Jermal 
M. Scarbrough, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN394 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-
ning CYNTHIA A. RUTHERFORD, and end-ing ANGELA SCEVOLA-DATTOLI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN395 AIR FORCE nomination of Susan I. 
Pangelinan, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN25 ARMY nomination of Bryan K. An-
derson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 7, 2015. 
PN252 ARMY nomination of Mark A. 
Endsley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of March 4, 2015. 
PN319 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
ARPANA JAIN, and ending RAMA KRISHNA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of March 25, 2015. 
PN357 ARMY nomination of James J. 
Raftery, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN358 ARMY nomination of David A. Har-
per, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN359 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
STEVEN R. ANSLEY, JR., and ending KAREN S. HANSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN396 ARMY nomination of Rita A. 
Kostecke, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN397 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
SCHAWN B. BRANCH, and ending FRANK A. SMITH, which nominations were received by 
the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 20, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN77 MARINE CORPS nomination of Josh-
ua B. Roberts, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN125 MARINE CORPS nominations (69) 
beginning DAWN R. ALONSO, and ending VINCENT J. YASAKI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN320 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
NAWAZ K. A. HACK, and ending ROBERT P. RUTTER, JR., which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record of March 25, 2015. 
PN360 NAVY nomination of Brian L. 
Tichenor, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN361 NAVY nomination of Cheryl 
Gotzinger, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 13, 2015. 
PN398 NAVY nomination of John P. 
O’Brien, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
PN404 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
CAROLYN A. WINNINGHAM, and ending SARA M. BUSTAMANTE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 20, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 4, 2015 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, May 4; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, Sen-
ators should expect a vote in relation to the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8 at 5:30 p.m. on Monday. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MAY 4, 2015, AT 3 P.M. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:07 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 4, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.047 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2591 April 30, 2015 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
PATRICIA NELSON LIMERICK, OF COLORADO, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMAN-ITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2018, VICE ROB-ERT S. MARTIN, TERM EXPIRED. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
GAYLE SMITH, OF OHIO, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVEL-OPMENT, VICE RAJIV J. SHAH, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JULIE HELENE BECKER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE HERBERT BLALOCK DIXON, JR., RETIRED. 
STEVEN M. WELLNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE KAYE K. CHRISTIAN, RETIRED. 
WILLIAM WARD NOOTER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE A. FRANKLIN BURGESS, RE-TIRED. 
ROBERT A. SALERNO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FOR THE TERM OF FIF-TEEN YEARS, VICE ROBERT ISAAC RICHTER, RETIRED. 
TODD SUNHWAE KIM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE KATHRYN A. OBERLY, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOSHUA D. BURGESS JAMES R. CANTU 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL I. ETAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ERIK D. MASICK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MUHAMMAD R. KHAWAJA MUHAMMAD S. MUNIR NIKALESH REDDY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
RICHARD A. BRAUNBECK III KENNETH J. BROWN, JR. GRANT GORTON ANTHONY K. JARAMILLO WESLEY J. JOSHWAY MICHAEL H. MCCURDY JEFFREY J. PRONESTI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
THURRAYA S. KENT JASON P. SALATA WENDY L. SNYDER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MICHAEL E. BIERY DANIEL C. HEDRICK JAMES A. MCMULLIN III TONY S. W. PARK MATTHEW D. TURNER RICKY M. URSERY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
NEIL T. SMITH CHRISTOPHER J. STERBIS WENDY A. TOWLE 
DOMINICK A. VINCENT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JASON B. BABCOCK JAMES L. CAROLAND PATRICK A. COUNT JOEL D. DAVIS JOSEPH E. DUPRE CLARENCE FRANKLIN, JR. KURTIS A. MOLE DANNY L. NOLES DONOVAN I. OUBRE CESAR G. RIOS, JR. CHRISTOPHER P. SLATTERY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
NICHOLAS E. ANDREWS RODNEY J. BURLEY JOAQUIN S. CORREIA GEORGE D. DAVIS III ANDREW D. GAINER JAMES B. GATEAU JODY H. GRADY BOBBY L. HAND, JR. DAMEN O. HOFHEINZ EDWARD A. KRUK SHAWN A. ROBERTS VINCENT S. TIONQUIAO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
SOWON S. AHN ANDREW N. COREY ROBERT F. HIGHT, JR. JEFFREY J. JAKUBOSKI SEAN R. KENTCH MADELENE E. MEANS JAMES F. SCARCELLI BENJAMIN A. SNELL HENRY A. STEPHENSON SCOTT R. WHALEY CRAIG M. WHITTINGHILL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
STEVEN W. CONNELL JON C. GRANT JACKIE D. KNICK ROSARIO D. MCWHORTER JAMES D. RHOADS DANIEL M. ROSSLER JAMES P. TURNER MICHAEL A. WHITT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ANTHONY S. ARDITO RYAN L. BIRKELBACH ROBERT E. BREISCH III JOSHUA L. BROADBENT DANIEL P. BURBA ADAM R. CAMPBELL RICHARD E. CAMPBELL, JR. TIMOTHY B. CLARK KEENAN L. COLEMAN JEFFREY A. CORNIELLE GRAIG T. DIEFENDERFER CHASE H. DILLARD LEWIS R. EMERY MATTHEW R. FURTADO DANIEL E. GARDNER SEAN A. GENIS SEAN F. GLASS JASON A. GOELLER BRANDON C. HARDIN ERIC E. HAYES EVAN E. HENTSCHEL RYAN P. HILGER MICHAEL C. HUGHES ROBERT B. INMAN MASON P. JONES JAMES M. KAUFMAN ROBERT E. KELLER JOSEPH J. KIMOCK, JR. JEFFREY R. KINGSLAND SAMUEL G. LEHNER CHRISTOPHER A. LINDAHL BENJAMIN S. MACNEIL TYLER V. MARSHBURN JASON L. MCKEOWN DAVID P. MOSES WILLIAM P. MURPHY JUSTIN M. NEFF DAVID D. NOVOTNEY FELIX PEREZ TRAVIS L. RAINEY CHRISTOPHER J. ROGERS MATTHEW G. SHIPMAN DAVID A. SMITH PHILIP S. SMITH 
TIMOTHY S. SMITH JAMES A. STANKE DAMON Y. TURNER JEREMY W. WHEELIS MARVIN L. WILSON RODERICK D. WILSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
CHRISTINE J. CASTON MELANIE R. N. HAO JOHN D. HUDSON ELENA P. INGRAM PATRICK S. MARTIN STEVEN M. MILINKOVICH KATHERINE J. SCHULLIAN KAREN L. SRAY JAMES V. WALSH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
MICHAEL A. HURNI PAUL J. LING III JAMES C. RENTFROW DAVID M. RUTH ELIZABETH R. SANABIA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
ROBERT C. BANDY ROBERT E. BEBERMEYER VINCENT S. CHERNESKY KENNETH A. EBERT JONATHAN C. GARCIA DAVID T. HART PETER A. LASHOMB ELIZABETH S. OKANO CAREY M. PANTLING FRANCIS D. ROCHFORD RONALD J. RUTAN STEPHEN F. SARAR DJUENO S. SEARLES NEIL G. SEXTON KENNETH S. SHEPARD PETER D. SMALL GODFREY D. WEEKES DOUGLAS L. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
DOMINIC S. CARONELLO JEFFREY J. CARTY JOSEPH A. CASCIO DANIEL P. COVELLI MATTHEW W. EDWARDS THOMAS H. HOOVER DANIEL L. MACKIN RICHARD M. MASICA PAUL J. MITCHELL VERNON J. RED KERRY D. SMITH MICHAEL J. SUPKO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GARRETT T. PANKOW 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WILLIAM M. WALKER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER C. MEYER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JEFFREY G. BENTSON PAUL N. PORENSKY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
KEVIN D. CLARIDA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BRIANNA E. JACKSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\S30AP5.REC S30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2592 April 30, 2015 
To be lieutenant commander 
JARED M. SPILKA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
FRANCINE SEGOVIA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
TODD W. MALLORY 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate April 30, 2015: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S. C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RAYMOND S. DINGLE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) RON. J. MACLAREN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. HERMAN A. SHELANSKI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH ANDERSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES J. BURKS 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. BALSERAK BRIG. GEN. STEVEN J. BERRYHILL BRIG. GEN. KEVIN W. BRADLEY BRIG. GEN. PETER J. BYRNE BRIG. GEN. GRETCHEN S. DUNKELBERGER BRIG. GEN. RICHARD J. EVANS III BRIG. GEN. ROBERT M. GINNETTI BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY W. HAUSER BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM O. HILL BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH K. KIM BRIG. GEN. JEROME P. LIMOGE, JR. BRIG. GEN. PAUL C. MAAS, JR. BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. MCGOFF BRIG. GEN. BRIAN C. NEWBY BRIG. GEN. MARC H. SASSEVILLE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL E. STENCEL BRIG. GEN. CAROL A. TIMMONS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. KYLE W. ROBINSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADES INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT D. CARLSON BRIG. GEN. DANIEL J. DIRE BRIG. GEN. MARY E. LINK BRIG. GEN. HUGH C. VAN ROOSEN 
To be brigadier general 
COL. VINCENT B. BARKER COL. LISA L. DOUMONT 
COL. ROBERT D. HARTER COL. JOHN F. HUSSEY COL. SCOTT R. MORCOMB COL. GERARD L. SCHWARTZ COL. RICHARD K. SELE COL. TRACY L. SMITH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS A CHAPLAIN UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be brigadier general 
CHAPLAIN (COL.) THOMAS L. SOLHJEM 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DANELLE M. BARRETT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. RONALD C. COPLEY 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. TIMOTHY M. RAY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. DARRYL L. ROBERSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ERIC C. BUSH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ALAN R. LYNN 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JILL K. FARIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GARY H. CHEEK 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTIAN A. ROFRANO 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. NORA W. TYSON 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., 
SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MARK A. BRILAKIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10 U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT S. WALSH 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF TROY S. THOMAS, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF LINELL A. LETENDRE, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BAMIDELE 
A. ADETUNJI AND ENDING WITH KERI L. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TRAVIS M. 
ALLEN AND ENDING WITH JEROMY JAMES WELLS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD S. 
BEYEA III AND ENDING WITH TRAVIS C. YELTON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KEITH L. 
CLARK AND ENDING WITH JENNIE LEIGH L. STODDART, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TALIB Y. 
ALI AND ENDING WITH GABRIEL ZIMMERER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHN W. HECK, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ANNA HAMM, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JERMAL M. SCARBROUGH, 
TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CYNTHIA A. 
RUTHERFORD AND ENDING WITH ANGELA SCEVOLA– DATTOLI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF SUSAN I. PANGELINAN, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF BRYAN K. ANDERSON, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK A. ENDSLEY, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ARPANA JAIN 
AND ENDING WITH RAMA KRISHNA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 25, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES J. RAFTERY, JR., TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID A. HARPER, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVEN R. 
ANSLEY, JR. AND ENDING WITH KAREN S. HANSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 13, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF RITA A. KOSTECKE, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SCHAWN B. 
BRANCH AND ENDING WITH FRANK A. SMITH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOSHUA B. ROBERTS, 
TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAWN 
R. ALONSO AND ENDING WITH VINCENT J. YASAKI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NAWAZ K. A. 
HACK AND ENDING WITH ROBERT P. RUTTER, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MARCH 25, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF BRIAN L. TICHENOR, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF CHERYL GOTZINGER, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JOHN P. O’BRIEN, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAROLYN A. 
WINNINGHAM AND ENDING WITH SARA M. BUSTAMANTE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 20, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A30AP6.004 S30APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E623 April 30, 2015 
EXTENDING CONGRATULATIONS 
TO JOYCE GARVER KELLER 
HON. JOHN A. BOEHNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. BOEHNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate and recognize my friend, Ms. Joyce Garver Keller, on her retirement. 
For 25 years, Joyce has stood as a faithful 
advocate and a strong voice for justice. As the Executive Director of Ohio Jewish Commu-nities, she has led the way in providing elect-ed officials guidance on the most important issues impacting the Jewish organizations and congregations in Ohio and across the country. 
I am glad to call Joyce my friend and I am 
glad she was one of the many in attendance of what she described as ‘‘an extraordinary moment in history,’’ during Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s address to Congress this year. 
Joyce, thank you for all your work. You will 
be missed in the halls of the Congress but your drive and unwavering dedication will have a lasting impact that will continue to resonate here and in Ohio. I wish you the very best as you begin your next chapter. 
On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, I proudly recognize Ms. Joyce Garver Keller for 25 years of service with the Ohio Jewish Communities. 
f 
HONORING THE BARTELS FAMILY 
FOR THEIR OUTSTANDING COM-MITMENT TO EDUCATION AND THE UNIVERSITY OF NEW HAVEN 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I join the University of New Ha-ven’s (UNH) Board of Governors and its Presi-dent, Dr. Steven Kaplan, in recognizing the Bartels family for its unremitting commitment to the University and its students through gen-erous support of scholarships and academic programs. 
I am honored to be a part of recognizing 
this tremendous family and formalizing this special recognition in memory of Henry E. ‘‘Hank’’ Bartels. Over the past forty years, Hank and Nancy Bartels, along with their son Philip, and his wife, Susan, have contributed immeasurably to UNH’s development, sup-porting its mission of providing high quality ex-periential education, through a combination of liberal arts and real-world, hands-on profes-sional training. In the words of President Kaplan, ‘‘The Bartels family has established an indelible legacy at this institution and has touched the lives of countless students.’’ The Bartels continue this tradition by dem-onstrating an unwavering appreciation for 
UNH, its potential, and the promise it delivers to innumerable students. 
There is no greater tribute to Hank Bartels 
and that of the entire Bartels family than its most recent work in commissioning UNH’s in-augural Washington Program. The initial launch of the program last fall consisted of a team of 19 students participating in the 2014 Annual Model United Nation Conference. They were Aemin Becker, Matthew Belletete, Con-nor Briggs, Juliana Calcagno, Rob Granoth, Jamie Harron, James Hart, Elise Lenahan, Sarah Markland, Amanda Nash, Emily Nash, Samanth Paquette, Melissa Peil, Paul Raffile, Bobby Rousseau, Jessica Sattler, Emil Thomsen, Randi Trinidad, and Connor Vargo. In preparation for the competition, students were exposed to high-level briefings by inter-national stakeholders based in Washington, DC and Federal officials integral to the oper-ation of the UN and its missions. As a result of the intense preparation and high-caliber ex-posure to UN stakeholders, the UNH delega-tion won the Distinguished Delegation Award, an honor bestowed to only 14 colleges and universities out of the more than 100 from the U.S. and abroad that participated. 
The next installment of UNH’s Washington 
Program consisted of a semester course enti-tled, American Rome: Washington DC— Power, Politics, Policy. This course exposed students to the structure and culture of the U.S. Federal government as it relates to the national security system. The course cul-minated in a week in Washington where stu-dents met with current and former officials from the Executive Branch, Federal Agencies, and Congress, as well as academia. During this week, 15 UNH students visited the White House, Pentagon, Capitol Hill, Federal Bureau of Investigations, Central Intelligence Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency and U.S. Naval Academy. Students included Naif Alharbi, Brit-tany Codiana, Lindsey Conley, Zachery Fiermonti, Michael Hagen, Sarah Hoffman, Ryan Lebel, Sebika Mazumdar, Paul Raffile, Richard Rotella, Elizabeth Rowan, Jonathan Trinh, Andrew Walles, Walter Williams, and Cassidy Yotnakparian. In the words of one participating student, ‘‘This is my first Political Science/National Security class here at UNH, and it has truly changed my perspective on my future career; the trip made me want to join the Navy then work in Washington after a military career.’’ Each student indicated the visit to Washington heightened interests to serve our country as military officials, civil servants or another capacity to enhance the country’s national security interests. 
As a result of the Bartels family’s incredible 
generosity, these students were able to travel to Washington and engage in a trans-formational experience that will undoubtedly help shape the careers and lives of our coun-try’s next generation of leaders. I am proud to join the students, faculty and university admin-istration—particularly Dr. Steven Kaplan, President, Dr. Daniel May, Provost, Dr. Lourdes Alvarez, Dean of College of Arts & Sciences, Dr. Mario Gaboury, Dean Henry C. 
Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences, Dr. Chris Haynes, Assistant Pro-fessor and Political Science Coordinator, Dr. Matthew Schmidt, Assistant Professor of Na-tional Security and Political Science, Dr. Patri-cia Crouse, Practitioner in Residence, Depart-ment of Political Science, and Dr. Christy Smith, Assistant Professor of Public Adminis-tration—in expressing the deepest gratitude to the Bartels family for providing these young men and women with a solid foundation and instilling a sense of purpose and service to our great nation. 
f 
HONORING MR. BILL RUFTY 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
first met Bill Rufty nearly 30 years, when I was serving in the Florida House of Representa-tives. Our paths crossed often when I was Speaker of the House in Florida, and Bill al-ways had an ear out for Polk County. Throughout his career, Bill has been a steady reporter who stuck to the facts, reporting infor-mation just as he saw it. In that way, Bill was old school, a dying breed of journalist. 
A few years ago, Bill was the first reporter 
to interview me when I began representing Polk County in Congress and opened an office inside the Winter Haven City Hall. Measured and accurate, Bill has been a friend and famil-iar face while covering both state and federal issues. It has been a pleasure to work with him for three decades in serving the best in-terests of Central Florida. I wish him the best. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 85TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE GIFT OF ME-MORIAL CITY HALL 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the 85th anniversary of the gift of Memorial City Hall in the City of Auburn, New York. In 1929, Memorial City Hall was built in the City of Auburn in memory of David Munson Osborne, Mayor of the City of Auburn from 1879–1880. Memorial City Hall continues to serve as the center of civic activity in Au-burn, a memorial to the City’s rich history, and an architectural classic. 
Memorial City Hall was commissioned by 
daughters of David Munson Osborne and sis-ters of Mayor Thomas Mott Osborne, Helen Osborne Storrow and Emily Osborne Harris. The Hall was designed by the acclaimed ar-chitecture firm, Coolidge, Shepley, Bulfinch, and Abbott. Memorial City Hall’s grand portico, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.001 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E624 April 30, 2015 
pediment, and ionic columns stand as a mon-
umental example of Colonial Revival architec-ture in 19th and 20th century America. 
The history and strength of the City of Au-
burn is reflected in Memorial City Hall. I am pleased to share in the 85th anniversary of this landmark which continues to serve the residents of Auburn and memorialize the pub-lic service of David Munson Osborne and the entire Osborne family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE REPUBLIC OF 
KAZAKHSTAN 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, last week, with 
great fanfare and enthusiasm, the Bike Away the Atomic Bomb ride set off from in front of the Capitol. That project, coordinated by Kazakhstan’s ATOM Project along with Bike for Peace and Mayors for Peace, sent riders from DC to New York to call for a Comprehen-sive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty at the UN Non-proliferation Treaty Review Conference that began April 27. They were seen off by the ATOM project’s Honorary Ambassador, the artist and painter Karipbek Kuyukov, who was born—without arms—roughly 60 miles from the Semipalatinsk nuclear test site in eastern Kazakhstan. It was the beginning of a 200- mile ride, but also a leg in a long, admirable journey Kazakhstan has taken since its inde-pendence. 
In an increasingly dangerous world, the Re-
public of Kazakhstan has taken the lead in eliminating nuclear weapons while supporting the safe, secure, and peaceful use of nuclear energy. When the Soviet Union collapsed in December 1991, a newly-independent Kazakhstan inherited 1,410 nuclear warheads as well as the Semipalatinsk nuclear weapon test site. By 1995—just four short years later—the young country had destroyed or re-moved all their nuclear weapons and joined the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as a non- nuclear weapons state; by the year 2000, it had destroyed its nuclear testing infrastructure at Semipalatinsk. 
Kazakhstan is one of only a handful of 
countries that has taken these dramatic steps to make the world safer. Of those few, it is in a unique position to understand the dev-astating effects of nuclear weapons. For forty years, Kazakhstan was a test site for nuclear weapons. The fall-out from these hundreds of tests, including over 100 above ground, has left the Kazakh people with a terrible legacy of untimely deaths and birth defects that continue to this day. As Americans, we are lucky to only be able to grasp the threat of nuclear weapons abstractly and intellectually; for the Kazakhs that threat has been all too real. 
In response to this terrible historical burden, 
Kazakhstan has taken the lead promoting nu-clear non-proliferation. It has promoted a Cen-tral Asian Nuclear Weapons Free Zone and is now leading a global movement against nu-clear weapons testing while offering to host the world’s first ‘‘nuclear fuel bank’’ in co-operation with the International Atomic Energy Agency. It has worked to keep Iran from ac-quiring nuclear weapons, and hosted the P5+1 talks in Almaty. And while taking advantage of its natural and technological resources to de-
velop civilian nuclear power as an additional energy source, for both itself and other coun-tries, Kazakhstan sought to make civilian nu-clear power production more safe and secure by agreeing to adopt the Nuclear Security Guidelines at 2014 Nuclear Security Summit. 
Members, myself included, regularly take to 
the floor to call attention to the problems in another country. Whether we censure other nations for their belligerence, condemn them for their treatment of their own populations, or express concern over their challenges in the face of internal crises, we too often speak out on the depressing news that somewhere in the world, something has gone terribly wrong. It gives me enormous pleasure, as a co-chair of the House’s Nuclear Security Working Group, to call our attention today to a nation where something that has gone very, very right, and to commend the Republic of Kazakhstan for the role it continues to play in creating a safer, more secure future for itself and for the globe. 
f 
CELEBRATING MAYOR KEITH CAIN 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Mr. Keith Cain, City of Princeton Mayor, and to recognize his years of dedication and honorable service to the city of Princeton, Bureau County, and the State of Illi-nois. 
Mayor Cain served as Princeton’s Mayor 
since 1999—ushering in a new City Manager Form of government, leading to more effi-ciency and economic development. Mayor Cain’s leadership in transforming a Brownfield site into Festival 56—the largest professional theater festival in the State of Illinois—has been instrumental in strengthening city tourism and retail development. 
These are just a couple examples of how 
Mayor Cain has guided the city to new heights and was a constant comforting presence to the residents he so honorably served. 
Though Mr. Cain is retiring from the position 
of Mayor—I know he will continue to serve his community and be a constant presence and a trusted confident to those seeking his advice. Mr. Cain has been an invaluable source of in-formation to my office on the issues facing the residents of Princeton and the City as a 
whole. 
While Mr. Cain is retiring from his post, I 
know he will continue to work and serve the community that he loves so much and will al-ways lend a helping hand when needed. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 16th District of Illi-nois, I wish to express our deepest thanks to Keith Cain for his commendable service and dedication. CELEBRATING MRS. TRELLIE 
ELIZABETH HARTMAN’S 97TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate a truly remarkable woman who is celebrating her 97th birthday, Mrs. Trellie Elizabeth Hartman. It is with great enthusiasm that I join her family and friends in celebrating this milestone and her many lifetime achieve-ments that exemplify her Hoosier values. 
A native of Argos, Indiana, she worked on 
her family’s farm where she gained a strong work ethic at a young age. Trellie took her work ethic and Hoosier values to Contra Costa College in California, where she earned a de-gree in nursing. For more than 35 years, she worked as a nurse and cared for others in need. Since her retirement, she has stayed in-volved in her community by volunteering for Kaiser Hospital, oftentimes working double shifts. 
Mrs. Hartman has been blessed with three 
children, nine grandchildren, 16 great grand-children, and five great-great grandchildren. Although Trellie no longer lives in Indiana, she exemplifies what it means to be a Hoosier and continues to act as a strong role model for fu-ture generations. 
I want to sincerely thank Trellie for her serv-
ice and recognize her unwavering commitment to the healthcare field. It is my honor to offer my sincere congratulations to Mrs. Hartman on this special occasion. I wish her a very happy birthday and many more years of con-tinued health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING JOHN JAY COLLEGE OF 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate John Jay College of Criminal Jus-tice in my district in New York City, on the oc-casion of its 50th anniversary. 
Located steps from Lincoln Center in the 
cultural heart of New York City, John Jay Col-lege is one of the nation’s leading liberal arts institutions of higher education with a mission of educating for justice. This theme is at the core of each of its programs across arts, sciences, and humanities. An international leader in educating for justice, John Jay offers a rich liberal arts and professional studies cur-riculum to upwards of 15,000 undergraduate and graduate students from more than 135 nations, including over 47% first generation students and more than 500 veterans. John Jay College is ranked #3 in the nation as a ‘‘Best for Vet’’ institution by Military Times in its 2015 national college rankings of 600 uni-versities and colleges. 
The original catalyst for the school came 
from increasing concerns among civic leaders in New York over ongoing relations between the police and the community and the increas-ing complexity of police work. A small and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP8.002 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E625 April 30, 2015 
dedicated group of academic visionaries came 
together to develop a plan for a new college named the College of Police Science within the City University of New York. Within a year, the college was renamed the John Jay Col-lege of Criminal Justice to reflect broader aspi-rations and achievements in criminal justice, leadership, and public service. John Jay, of course, was the first Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court and served as governor of our New York. 
The challenges and hard work envisioned 
when John Jay College was created continue today. John Jay College is a critical part of our community. The essence of John Jay College of Criminal Justice can be found in its stu-dents, Pulitzer Prize-winning faculty, and en-thusiastic administrators who form a civic- minded community of motivated and intellectu-ally curious individuals committed to public service and global citizenship. 
The accolades are many: Just a few weeks ago, the National Ethnic 
Coalition of Organizations (NECO) established a scholarship at John Jay College in memory of New York City Police Department Detec-tives Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu who lost their lives in December 2014 while serving the citizens of New York. The scholarship was an-nounced on March 11 during the college’s NYPD alumni reception held in celebration of the longstanding partnership and collaboration with the NYPD. 
The National Network for Safe Communities 
at John Jay College, led by Professor David Kennedy, supports strategic interventions to reduce violence and community disorder. These strategies combine the best of law en-forcement and community-driven approaches to improve public safety, minimize arrests and incarceration, enhance police legitimacy, and rebuild relationships between law enforcement and distressed communities. Attorney General Holder just announced six host pilot sites in Birmingham, AL; Fort Worth, TX; Gary, IN; Minneapolis, MN; Pittsburgh, PA; and Stock-ton, CA for the National Initiative for Building Community Trust and Justice, a three-year multi-million dollar project under the leadership of the National Network and John Jay. As part of a larger effort, each pilot site will assess the police-community relationship and develop a detailed site-specific plan that will enhance procedural justice, reduce bias, and support reconciliation in communities where trust has been harmed. 
John Jay College was called on to provide 
expert advice and testimony to President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, including expert testimony from President Jer-emy Travis, Professor Delores Jones-Brown and Professor David Kennedy. 
September 11, 2001 had a profound impact 
on the campus and served as a catalyst to honor the 67 students, faculty and alumni that lost their lives that day. John Jay established a variety of initiatives, programs, research centers, and scholarships including the cre-ation of the Center on Terrorism to study glob-al terrorism and the Christian Regenhard Cen-ter for Emergency Response Studies, named after a probationary firefighter killed at the World Trade Center. As one of the leading in-stitutions in the country in the field of criminal justice and public safety, John Jay College is one of the few institutions to offer M.A. stu-dents a certificate in the critical study of ter-rorism. John Jay College’s commitment to diversity 
is shown by the fact that it has the highest Hispanic enrollment of any four year college in the northeastern United States, and it has ranked #1 in the nation in awarding bachelor’s degrees in protective services, #3 in psy-chology degrees, and #7 in public administra-tion. John Jay’s undergraduate, graduate and doctoral forensic degree programs are tops in the country. The College’s Master of Public Administration programs recently received the Diversity and Social Equity Awards by the Net-work of Schools of Public Policy, Affairs and Administration. The nationally-recognized Pro-gram for Research Initiatives in Science and Math (PRISM) at John Jay College engages underrepresented students in careers in science and math by providing an opportunity for them to participate in faculty-mentored sci-entific research in areas like molecular biol-ogy, toxicology, criminalistics and computer science, and partake in professional research conferences while completing their degree. Since its inception, graduation numbers from the College’s science majors have tripled, and the number of students, and especially under-represented minority students, moving on to doctoral and medical degrees has grown five- fold. 
John Jay’s faculty personify excellence— 
they include Pulitzer Prize winners, Presi-dential scholars, recipients of prestigious book awards, presidents of leading professional or-
ganizations and editors of prominent scholarly journals. They have been recognized by their peers, and even by the White House, for their dedication to teaching, research and men-toring. The College’s students regularly win prestigious scholarships, including the Mar-shall Scholarship, internships, including the White House Internship, and fellowships, in-cluding Fulbright, JK Watson and the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fel-lowship. They are also accepted to high-profile graduate and professional schools. Their alumni number more than 54,000, many of whom hold leadership roles in public sector agencies, including the United States Mar-shals Service, the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspec-tion Service, the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission, the National Parks Serv-ice, the State Department, Peace Corps, the United Nations, and private companies in the U.S. and worldwide. 
Affordability is an essential component of 
the College’s core mission. At a time when over 37 million Americans are saddled with over $1 trillion in student debt, John Jay Col-lege recently was named one of the top ten colleges where students graduate with the least debt. Only 20% of John Jay students were compelled to borrow money to finance their college education, less than one third of the national average. And the vast majority of John Jay students graduate debt-free—ena-bling them to become successful in service for others without having to spend years paying off their student loans. In fact John Jay Col-lege was recently ranked #4 in the ‘‘Best Bang for the Buck’’ in the northeast rankings in Washington Monthly’s College guide. 
John Jay develops fierce advocates for jus-
tice—each committed every day to building a better democracy. I am proud to represent John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the values that it stands for and works for every day. Congratulations to John Jay College on this very important day and its 50 year record of fighting for justice. IN RECOGNITION OF REVEREND 
JOHN S. TERRY FOR HIS 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF ORDINATION INTO THE PRIESTHOOD 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Father John S. Terry, who will be celebrating his 40 years of service to the Priesthood on Saturday, May 2. Born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, Father Terry heard his calling to the priesthood while attending St. Michael’s Grade School and Scranton Pre-paratory School. 
Father Terry began his religious studies at 
the University of Scranton. After two years, he continued his formation at St. Pius X Semi-nary. He further continued his studies at Our Lady of Angels Theological Seminary in Al-bany, NY before transferring to Christ the King Seminary in Olean, NY. In May 1974, he was ordained a deacon and assigned to a small community in Ellicottville, NY. His next assign-ment was to the Diocese of Buffalo Seminary at East Aurora, NY. The next year, he was as-signed to his home Diocese, and he served as a Deacon to St. Mary’s Church of the Immacu-late Conception in Wilkes-Barre. 
On May 2, 1975, Father Terry was inducted 
into the priesthood and assigned to St. Mary’s Church of the Immaculate Conception. In 1979, Father Terry was appointed Assistant Pastor at St. Patrick’s, and he was also made Director of the Catholic Youth Center, where he still serves today 
In 1982, Father Terry was assigned to Holy 
Savior Church and St. Christopher’s Church, where he spent eight years. In December of 1990, Father Terry was temporarily stationed at the Catholic Community in Sugar Notch, and, in 1992, he was named Pastor of all three Sugar Notch churches—St. Peter and Paul, St. Charles Boromeo, and Holy Family. 
On July 6, 2004, Father Terry became Pas-
tor of St. Mary’s Church of the Maternity. The consolidations of St. Joseph’s Church of Wilkes-Barre Township and Holy Trinity of Wilkes-Barre with St. Mary’s of the Maternity formed the new parish of Our Lady of Hope, where Father Terry serves today as its first Pastor. 
It is an honor to recognize Father John S. 
Terry on his 40th Anniversary. I am grateful for his many stations and years of service to Wilkes-Barre and the surrounding area. May he continue to serve his civic community, the priesthood, and his faith community with con-tinued, inspirational dedication. 
f 
CELEBRATING MRS. NELLIE 
ESTHER HUNTER’S 97TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate a fellow Hoosier who is cele-brating her 97th birthday, Mrs. Nellie Esther Hunter. Mrs. Hunter is a truly remarkable woman who embodies Hoosier values to the fullest. A native of Argos, Indiana she at-tended the one-room Santa Ana School 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.003 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E626 April 30, 2015 
House. Like many Hoosiers, she worked on 
her family’s farm where she learned a strong work ethic, something she has utilized throughout her life. She has been blessed with three children, four grandchildren and one great grandchild. At the age of 81, she earned her General Education Development degree and was awarded ‘‘Adult Student of the Year’’ by the State of Indiana. A woman deeply com-mitted to the community around her, she con-tinued to serve others by working as a tutor at a local private school until last year and volun-teered at the local food pantry. 
I want to sincerely thank Mrs. Hunter for her 
service and recognize her unwavering commit-ment to her community. It is my honor to offer my congratulations to Mrs. Hunter on this spe-cial occasion. I wish her a very happy birthday and many more years of continued health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE MICHAEL BAKER 
CORPORATION’S 75TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Michael Baker Corporation, an engi-neering firm which is celebrating its 75th Anni-versary on May 1. 
Founded in 1940 in Rochester, Pennsyl-
vania, the firm’s success began with a focus on surveying and civil engineering. Since that time, Baker has added a host of differentiated services including communications, planning, architecture, and environmental consulting to assist its clients’ projects. The Michael Baker Corporation has grown to employ more than 5,000 employees in over 90 offices worldwide. 
Baker has a storied history of completing 
landmark projects throughout the world. In 1977, Baker engineers designed the New River Gorge Bridge in West Virginia, at that time the world’s longest single span steel arch bridge. Baker’s important projects extend inter-nationally and include infrastructure improve-ments in Afghanistan and a 2,600 mile fiber optic network linking Mexico’s major cities with the United States. 
Baker employees continue to exemplify their 
core principles of leadership and the develop-ment of an employee and client focused com-pany. All Michael Baker employees, from in-terns to the Chairman of the Board of Direc-tors, take time to engage in the communities they serve. 
I also have personal experience with the Mi-
chael Baker Corporation, having worked as a summer intern on a highway construction project when I was studying engineering in college. Lessons from that internship still help me today as I serve on the Transportation Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the great service that the Mi-chael Baker Corporation and its employees have provided for 75 years. May their dedica-tion and work ethic serve as an example to all. HONORING MR. STEVE ANDERSON 
FOR RECEIVING NATO’S SCI-ENTIFIC ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer Mr. Steve Anderson my sincere con-gratulations on being named a recipient of the 2014 NATO Science and Technology Organi-zation’s (STO) Scientific Achievement Award for his outstanding contributions in the realm of defense data farming methodologies. This award is NATO’s highest honor for those in the defense and science technology industry. There is no question that the contributions from him and the MSG–088 task group to NATO’s humanitarian assistance and disaster relief will continue for years to come. 
Mr. Anderson is a fine example to his fellow 
citizens of dedication, selflessness, and com-mitment to the common good around the world. I thank him for his devotion to NATO preparedness, and I commend him on this special occasion. Again, congratulations on this much deserved award. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RICHARD 
CHOI BERTSCH 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Richard Choi Bertsch, who passed away unexpectedly last weekend at the age of 56. 
Richard was an integral member and leader 
in the Korean American community. His busi-ness acumen matched the respect he gar-nered from his peers. He dedicated much of his life to important causes, especially the fer-vent fight on behalf of the so-called ‘‘comfort women’’—women who were sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during the World War II. 
Born on August 9, 1958, to his parents, 
Kenneth and Kyung Bertsch, Richard attended elementary school in Seoul, South Korea. In 1973, he came to the U.S. with his family, where he grew up in Southern California. A graduate of the University of California, Irvine, he started multiple electronics business. 
He found his true passion as a civic leader, 
and he was exceptionally skilled in connecting people of diverse backgrounds and commu-nities. Richard founded the Korean American Democratic Committee and helped found the Korean American Coalition, serving as chair-man of its Orange County chapter. 
Richard was a selfless individual who cared 
passionately about justice and the civic spirit. To put it simply, he left a deep and lasting im-pact on his family and his many friends from all walks of life. When a 2004 South Korean book blamed Jews for the attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, Richard joined with Rabbi Abraham Cooper to fight its publication. Also, in 2008, when police killed a young artist, Richard led the Korean American Advisory Commission to bring the case before federal authorities for a civil-rights violation review. Just last month, when Los Angeles Times 
asked about his hopes for the future in Wash-ington, he said, if ‘‘The two parties sincerely work[ed] together for the betterment of our country, rather than constantly [being] locked in ideological gridlock . . . it would give some hope to people that politics does matter.’’ Each of us in this hallowed chamber should take these words to heart. 
My heart was broken when I learned of 
Richard’s untimely passing. Yet, I believe it is safe to assume, Richard continues to task each of us to continue our service and dedica-tion to the betterment of our community, and this nation. 
Richard is survived by his wife Yang-Uk 
Kim, his sons Sunny and Sunoo, and his daughter Summer. Richard’s family, friends, and I will miss him greatly. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart, I rec-
ognize and remember the life of Richard Choi Bertsch—a man whom I am honored to have called a dear friend. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KAREN STOUT 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Dr. Karen Stout for her outstanding dedi-cation as President of Montgomery County Community College. 
Dr. Stout is moving on after fourteen years 
of service as President. Her tenure has brought the college success and expansion at a time of remarkable transformation in higher education. Under her leadership, the college has been an example of management and vi-sion for community colleges in Pennsylvania. 
Her initiatives have reshaped the college’s 
campus, forged new and important partner-ships in the Montgomery County community, and given students access to programs that will teach them the skills they need for the jobs of the future. Dr. Stout is a visionary not only in her work with students and the com-munity, but also because of the particular em-phasis she has had on creating opportunity for our veterans. Her leadership will certainly be missed, but she has left the college strong and poised for continued prosperity in the fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 7th district of 
Pennsylvania, I want to thank Dr. Stout for all she has done to educate countless students and I look forward to working with her again in her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS OF 
THE NAMI OF SYRACUSE 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) of Syracuse to the 24th District. Since 1981, NAMI of Syracuse has worked to improve the lives of countless families in Central New York who have rel-atives suffering from mental illness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP8.006 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E627 April 30, 2015 
NAMI of Syracuse is a leader in the Central 
New York effort to expand awareness of and dialogue on children’s mental health care. Due to the organization’s programs that aim to im-prove children mental illness early identifica-tion, outreach, and family education, NAMI of Syracuse is being honored by NAMI of New York State at the What’s Great in Our State— A Celebration of Children’s Mental Health Awareness event. 
I have personally pledged to increase ac-
cessibility to children’s mental health re-sources in Central New York. I am proud to recognize NAMI of Syracuse for their work on this issue and the tremendous service they are providing to the communities of the 24th District. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
JANINE FOSTER WOODY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the accomplished and honorable life of my good friend, Janine Foster Woody. Sadly, Janine has recently passed away and is mourned by many. 
Janine was one of the most dedicated and 
warm hearted people I was fortunate enough to know for many years. Her endless resume of involvement with local schools and the com-munity are difficult to portray in words. She devoted much of her time to education and helping students and community members alike. It was an honor and a privilege to have known her. 
As a member of the Dallas County School 
Board, and chair of the Technology Com-mittee, she worked with various Independent School District (ISD) boards and superintend-ents to better technological services provided to the ISDs. Janine was also elected to the Texas Association of School Boards’ Legisla-tive Advisory Committee and the North Texas Council of Governments. Her hard work and generosity reached far and wide in North Texas. 
Janine’s involvement in Christ United Meth-
odist Church also brought her great joy; she dedicated valuable time and energy to teach-ing and volunteering in the church for many years. Her other activities included chamber of commerce Education Committees, Farmers Branch Women’s Club, Garland Asian Amer-ican Festival Committee, Richardson Commu-nity Band, and several public service posts, along with many others. Janine was a great role model and someone you would want members of the community looking up to. 
Janine received a B.A. in History and 
English from Northwestern University as well as a Master of Library and Information Science degree from the University of North Texas. A thesis she wrote on ethnic bibliog-raphies was published in the Wilson Library Journal. 
As a precinct chairwoman, and Head-
quarters Chairwoman of the Dallas County Republican Party, she worked hard in keeping people involved and informed on many issues. She organized and maintained events, started clubs, and generally performed above and be-yond her civic duties. Janine’s work ethic and ability to keep people involved in the commu-
nity will be greatly missed. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize and 
celebrate the eventful and prosperous life of Janine Foster Woody. I ask all of my distin-guished colleagues to join me. 
f 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE KILGORE COLLEGE RANGERETTES 
HON. LOUIE GOHMERT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, the First Dis-
trict of Texas has been blessed as the birth-place of many remarkable individuals who have made notable contributions that have en-riched lives well beyond the borders of Texas. One such example was born from a rather simple concept, yet grew into a worldwide movement. It is a great pleasure to stand in honor of the world famous collegiate drill team, the Kilgore College Rangerettes, as they celebrate their 75th anniversary this year. 
The Rangerettes have long been considered 
the personification of talent and precision, the standard of excellence which has sparked an estimated $8 billion industry and created more than fifty-thousand permanent jobs in the United States, according to one famed econo-mist. The Rangerettes have inspired similar all-female dance drill teams, with an estimated 15,000 high school students and some 1,000 college students across the state of Texas tak-ing part each year; while approximately 75,000 high school drill team members across the na-tion participate annually. The Rangerettes have been the impetus behind this major in-dustry which has influenced lives and careers around the world. 
The precision dance team concept began in 
1939, and came to fruition led by the incom-parably talented Miss Gussie Nell Davis with their first halftime performance on September 15, 1940. The Rangerettes were originally in-tended to promote diversity among the student body at Kilgore College while also encour-aging football fans to stay in their seats during halftime; but while effectively accomplishing these tasks, they also introduced something astoundingly innovative to the field of sports entertainment. This group of talented young women set into motion a revolutionary model for all future choreographed dance teams. Technical skill and absolute choreographed perfection, along with the incomparable high kick routines, characterized the Rangerettes’ routines at their inception, and those words can still be used today to describe the capti-vating performances of these young women. 
The world renowned Rangerettes have 
toured the United States multiple times, per-forming for U.S. Presidential inaugurations, professional sports venues, nationally tele-vised parades, collegiate bowl games, and even Indy 500 race events. They have been featured on television, in films, and in widely circulated magazines and newspapers. In ad-dition to the notoriety they have experienced here in the United States, the Rangerettes have headlined several international tours which have allowed them to perform for mas-sive numbers of enthusiastic fans on four con-tinents and in countless cities worldwide. The commitment to preserving the legacy 
and rich heritage of the young women who have achieved the honor of being named a ‘‘Rangerette’’ does not end upon graduation, but is demonstrated through the continuing ef-forts of their Rangerettes Forever alumni orga-nization. Rangerettes now and forever have enjoyed an accomplished and vibrant history of group performances and individual achieve-ment, while bringing visibility and prestige to Kilgore College, east Texas and the State of Texas. 
It is a distinct privilege to honor this remark-
able organization today since they have been so hard-working, motivational, & inspirational. Please join me in recognizing and congratu-lating the Kilgore College Rangerettes on their 75th anniversary, a milestone now recorded in this C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD which will endure 
as long as there is a United States of Amer-ica. 
f 
HONORING DOT PONDER 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
salute Mrs. Dot Ponder, a devoted Nashvillian and this year’s Girl Scouts of Middle Ten-nessee honoree. I also have the great privi-lege of calling Dot my friend. 
For more than thirty years, Dot devoted her-
self to the Girl Scouts. She registered with ten troops and served hundreds of girls as troop leader, instructor and camp director. 
From sharing her love of the outdoors to 
teaching financial literacy, Dot’s energy is end-less. But her contributions didn’t end when troop meetings were over. She taught civic re-sponsibility and, through her example, she en-couraged Girl Scouts to actively engage in their communities. She inspired girls to pursue the highest accolades in Girl Scouting, includ-ing the Gold and Silver Awards. 
It is an honor to commend Dot Ponder for 
her contributions to the advancement of girls in our community through her tenure of de-voted and humble service to the Girl Scouts of Middle Tennessee. 
f 
HONORING EVELYN COLLINS 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
before you today to honor the 33-year career of Evelyn Collins, who is retiring this week as a budget analyst for the United States Army Military District of Washington and Joint Force Headquarters-National Capital Region located on the historic Fort Leslie J. McNair in Wash-ington, DC. 
A native of Dothan, Alabama, Ms. Collins 
graduated from George Washington Carver High School in 1965. One year later, she joined the Army family as a military spouse. Ms. Collins began her career by working as a cashier and later became a teacher’s aide. She attended Burlington County College in Pemberton, New Jersey, where she earned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP8.011 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E628 April 30, 2015 
her accounting certificate. She then began 
working extensively in the Department of De-fense budget career field, culminating her ca-reer as a budget analyst for the Army since 2010. 
Ms. Collins’ service to our nation as both a 
military spouse and civil service employee has spanned the country: she has traveled, worked and lived in Fort Ord, California, Fort Wainwright, Alaska, Fort Leonard Wood, Mis-souri, Fort Dix, New Jersey, Fort Gilliam, Georgia, and served two assignments with Defense Finance and Accounting Services in Orlando, Florida, and Fort Meade, Maryland. 
Ms. Collins is the well-deserved recipient of 
numerous superior performance awards, in-centive awards, certificates of appreciation and certificates of achievement. She has earned the Outstanding Financial Support Award, Peer Award and two commander’s awards for her untiring work supporting the re-lief efforts with Hurricane Katrina as well as her subject matter expertise in the Bradley Manning court martial that drew worldwide media attention. 
Throughout her career, Ms. Collins has al-
ways upheld the highest standards of integrity and professional conduct. Her colleagues have described her as a ‘‘trusted professional who took care of Soldiers, Army Families and Army Civilians.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join with me 
today to honor and thank Ms. Evelyn Collins as well as her two sons, Calvin and Adrian, for their unwavering support of our country. The sheer longevity of her career is indicative of her strength of character and her dedication to the United States. She has been an invaluable Army employee that will be difficult to replace. I wish her many more years of happiness and success in her retirement. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses: 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-
port and as a cosponsor of the Huizenga- Hahn Amendment to increase funding in the 2016 Energy and Water Development Appro-priations Bill for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers Operations and Maintenance Account by $36,306,000. This modest increase, offset by reducing funding for the Department of En-ergy, Departmental Administration, by $36.7 million, will benefit Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund related projects. 
I have the good fortune to represent the city 
of Boston and its Port. Like many ports in this country, the port of Boston is vital to the local and regional economies, generating $2.4 bil-lion in economic benefits annually and sup-porting 34,000 jobs. 
In fact, every one of our 50 states relies on 
seaports for imports and exports, totaling some $3.8 billion worth of goods moving 
through U.S. seaports each day, supporting more than 13 million jobs across the country. 
The Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund was 
created in 1986 to ensure that we could main-tain and expand our ports and harbors in order to facilitate commerce and drive our economy. For too long Congress has engaged in budgetary shell games, starving the fund and hampering our ability to undertake dredg-ing projects critical to maintaining this vital in-frastructure. 
The Water Resources Reform and Develop-
ment Act of 2013, which the House passed overwhelmingly last year by a vote of 412–4, moved to rectify this situation by setting incre-mental target expenditures from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund that reaches 80% in 2020. 
Mr. Chair, our amendment is simply in line 
with the amount overwhelmingly supported by my colleagues, increasing from $1.178 billion to $1.25 billion the amount allocated from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, in order to support the critical needs of our nation’s ports. The balance in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund at the beginning of fiscal 2016 will be approximately $8.9 billion. The money is there. With the re-opening of the Panama Canal slat-ed for next year we need to re-double our ef-forts to make certain that U.S. ports are pre-pared for increased commercial opportunities and will remain competitive. 
All of our constituents benefit from the suc-
cess of U.S. ports. It is time that we provide the resources to ensure that success. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF TORKLIFT CENTRAL 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor and recognize Torklift Central from Kent, Washington, for their dedication to the community as demonstrated through their annual Turkey Challenge. 
In 2011, with the economy in the depths of 
the recession and many families struggling as a result, the Kent Food Bank unexpectedly lost the majority of its funding with the holiday season just around the corner. This left many households in the area scrambling to find ways to feed their families. Fortunately, Torklift Central—a family-owned company based in Kent—stepped up to meet the needs of the community by forming the Turkey Challenge. The Challenge, which is heading into its fifth year this winter, pits local businesses against each other in a friendly competition to see who can collect the greatest amount of canned food items and cash donations for the food bank. One hundred percent of the pro-ceeds go to providing Thanksgiving meals for residents and families who visit the Kent food bank during the holiday. 
Every year, donations for the Turkey Chal-
lenge have grown in both the number of cans and monetary donations received. The goal for 2014 was 4,000 pounds of food and $17,000, an ambitious goal that would have nearly dou-bled what they collected in the previous year. Participating companies far exceeded those goals, bringing in 10,820 pounds of canned 
food and $22,418 in donations. Altogether, the Turkey Challenge has raised $56,560 and col-lected 16,804 pounds of food. 
Without the continued dedication of Torklift 
Central to the Kent Food Bank, many families in our community would go without a Thanks-giving meal and food throughout the year. No longer does the food bank have to turn away families on this special day and at other times during the year due to lack of supplies. Be-cause of Torklift Central’s outstanding initiative and contributions, the community can give less fortunate families a memorable Thanks-giving. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Torklift Central. Their service to our community is an inspiration to all organizations across the State of Washington. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT 
OF SONNY DIXON 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Sonny Dixon for his hard work and dedication throughout his broadcast career and public service. 
Mr. Dixon is a proud Savannah native, who 
has readily volunteered to help out in and around his community for decades, serving on numerous boards, including various Chamber of Commerce boards, the United Way of the Coastal Empire, American Cancer Society, Savannah Technical College, Boy Scouts of the Coastal Empire, and many more. Mr. Dixon was twice elected to serve on the Gar-den City Council before moving on to the Georgia General Assembly. Continuing his public service, Mr. Dixon was elected to five terms in the Georgia House of Representa-tives, where he served on the key committees of Appropriations, Rules, Transportation, and Interstate Cooperation, on which he served as vice-chairman. Mr. Dixon later retired from elected office in 1997. 
After 18 years on the anchor desk at 
WTOC, Mr. Dixon is set to retire on May 31, 2015. Mr. Dixon has been a fixture on the Sa-vannah broadcasting landscape for decades covering various issues. He has garnered na-tional attention through his appearances on CBS Evening News, the CBS Early Show, CNN, and the Montel Williams Show. Mr. Dixon has also been featured in Newsweek magazine and in other major newspapers. Mr. Dixon has claimed many awards and achieve-ments, including the Edward R. Murrow Award, Georgia Associated Press Award for Best Documentary and Georgia’s Best TV An-chor by the Associated Press. He has also re-ceived an Emmy for Best Anchor which distin-guishes him amongst both large and small tel-evision markets. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join his col-
leagues, family and many friends in cele-brating Mr. Sonny Dixon. He will always be re-spected for his civic service in assisting and informing our community and the State of Georgia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.008 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E629 April 30, 2015 
HONORING THE 416TH/412TH THEA- 
TER ENGINEER COMMANDS AND ENGINEER COMMANDS ASSOCIA-TION MEMORIAL WALL DEDICA-TION 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the opening of a new memorial wall dedicated by the 416th/412th Theater Engi-neer Commands along with the Engineer Commands Association in honor of members of the armed forces who have paid the ulti-mate price in service to our country. 
The memorial, located at the Parkhurst 
United States Army Reserve Center in Darien, Illinois, features pictures of the brave service members who laid down their lives for their country. The 416th/412th Theater Engineer Commands and the Engineer Commands As-sociation worked countless hours planning, designing, and fundraising for the memorial which will stand in testament to sacrifices made by their fellow soldiers. 
I would like to thank the 416th/412th The-
ater Engineer Commands and Engineer Com-mands Association for honoring our fallen he-roes with this memorial wall. 
f 
HONORING PHYLLIS MITZEN WITH 
THE NATIONAL LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FROM THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF SOCIAL WORKERS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate my dear friend Phyllis Mitzen on her well-deserved recognition from the National Association of Social Workers. Tonight, Phyllis will be presented with their prestigious 2014 National Lifetime Achieve-ment award. This is a fitting accolade as she has devoted most of her adult life to the social work profession and to improving the care and lives of older Americans. 
Phyllis is the co-director of the Center for 
Long-Term Care Reform in Chicago. She is known and respected as a leader in geronto-logical social work, has authored books and scholarly papers in the field, and was integral in reforming long-term care in Illinois by help-ing to craft trailblazing reform legislation. In addition, she serves on a number of statewide advisory boards and commissions. She has also influenced and inspired many as the co-ordinator of the Older Adult Studies Program at the University of Chicago’s School of Social Service Administration. 
Before her work at the Center for Long- 
Term Care Reform, Phyllis spent close to 25 years helping to establish the Council for Jew-ish Elderly’s important presence in our com-munity, first as Director of Home and Commu-nity Based Services and ultimately as Director of Government Affairs. Under Phyllis’ leader-ship, CJE Senior Life expanded programming to offer a myriad of services, from evaluating the evolving needs of seniors to adult day pro-grams and other supportive services which 
allow individuals to remain in their home and community with dignity. It is critical that such comprehensive and supportive programs are available in our area, and CJE Senior Life gives seniors appropriate services through professional care. It is a testament to Phyllis’ amazing contributions to seniors and their families. 
Phyllis has served as a mentor and friend to 
many. I join with them in applauding her steadfast commitment to fighting for the dignity and care of older Americans and in thanking her for her decades of work in our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAUREEN 
MARINELLI 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Maureen Marinelli, a thirty-two year veteran letter carrier for the United States Postal Service and the former president of the Massachusetts State Letter Carriers Associa-tion. As someone who served as a letter car-rier in the past, I applaud her dedicated serv-ice to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
Ms. Marinelli’s career as a letter carrier 
began in 1983. Almost immediately, it was clear Maureen Marinelli was an exemplary leader among the Massachusetts Letter Car-riers, and her peers took notice. Maureen worked tirelessly to help letter carriers across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. She spent her career working at the grassroots level, representing and advocating for her fel-low letter carriers at the state and local level. She did this while remaining a loyal letter car-rier. Because of her day to day drive to listen to local letter carriers, she understood the fun-damental needs of the men and women we rely on to get our mail. 
After twenty years of distinguished service 
as a letter carrier, her peers elected her the president of the Massachusetts State Letter Carriers Association in 2004 and then again in 2011. During both terms in office, Maureen worked with labor groups across Massachu-setts in order to better serve her letter carriers. Because of her hard work, she improved the lives of men and women across the Common-wealth by ensuring that our mail was delivered on time and with a smile. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Maureen 
Marinelli on this remarkable occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her a wonderful retirement and many years of happi-ness, as well as in thanking her for working tirelessly as an advocate for letter carriers across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAINIER BEACH 
HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor Rainier Beach High School in Seattle, Washington for increasing its gradua-tion rate by 25 percent since 2011. Located in 
the southeastern region of Seattle along the shores of Lake Washington, Rainier Beach High School first opened its doors in 1960, and is currently home to about 400 students from the 9th Congressional District. 
In previous years, Rainier Beach suffered 
low enrollment and graduation numbers, as well as high dropout rates. This suddenly changed two years ago when parents, staff, and community members of the Rainier Beach neighborhood pushed for an investment in an International Baccalaureate (IB) advanced learning program. This investment was made to improve the educational outcomes for all students at Rainier Beach. IB is a proven aca-demic curriculum for 11th and 12th grade stu-dents across the nation that challenges young adults and prepares them for higher edu-cation. Students who have successfully com-pleted IB classes have the opportunity to earn an IB diploma, making them more academi-cally competitive in the college application process. 
Since the implementation of this program, 
Rainier Beach High School has witnessed tre-mendous improvements in the academic suc-cess of their students. Graduation rates have risen substantially in recent years, with 79 per-cent of seniors graduating with high school di-plomas this past spring. Moreover, Rainier Beach continues to exceed the Seattle School District’s average graduation rate of 74 per-cent. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
congratulate Rainier Beach High School on this academic achievement. I am extremely proud of Rainier Beach for valuing education and promoting growth. Their success story sets the bar very high for schools around the country. 
f 
2015 14TH CONGRESSIONAL 
DISTRICT ART COMPETITION 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ar-tistic ability of a young man from my Congres-sional District, Andrew Lowery from the Pitts-burgh Creative and Performing Arts School. Mr. Lowery is the winner of the 2015 14th Congressional District of Pennsylvania’s High School Art Competition, ‘‘An Artistic Dis-covery.’’ Mr. Lowery’s artwork, a self-portrait in graphite, was selected from a number of out-standing entries to this year’s competition. 
In fact, 63 works from 15 different schools 
in Pennsylvania’s 14th Congressional District were submitted to our panel of respected local artists. It’s a real tribute to Mr. Lowery’s skill and vision that his work was chosen as the winner of this year’s competition. 
Mr. Lowery’s artwork will represent the 14th 
Congressional District of Pennsylvania in the national exhibit of high school students’ art-work that will be displayed in the United States Capitol over the coming year. I encour-age my colleagues as well as any visitor to Capitol Hill to view Mr. Lowery’s artwork, along with the winning entries from the high school art contests held in other Congres-sional Districts, which will be on display in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.012 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E630 April 30, 2015 
Capitol tunnel. It is amazing to walk through 
this corridor and see the interpretation of life 
through the eyes of these young artists from all across our country. 
Cassandra Finnegan from Springdale High 
School was awarded second place for her wa-tercolor and pen composition ‘‘The Early Bird.’’ Miranda Miller from Woodland Hills High School received third place for her acrylic on board painting entitled ‘‘Corner of Hanover and Church.’’ Faiza Amir from Woodland Hills High School was awarded fourth place for her acrylic painting on canvas entitled ‘‘Flat Out Majestic,’’ and Jared Bollman from Northgate High School received the fifth place award for his untitled chalk pastel composition. 
In addition, Honorable Mention Awards were 
presented to works by Shannon Nelis from East Allegheny High School, Andrew Beninate and Katie McGregor from Montour High School, Spencer Condon from the Pittsburgh Creative and Performing Arts School Jimmy Niu from the Pittsburgh Science and Tech-nology Academy, Shannon Kelly from River-view High School, Brandon Konkiel and Nat-alie Walker from Sto-Rox High School, and Isis Duncan of Woodland Hills High School. 
I would like to recognize all of the partici-
pants in this year’s 14th Congressional District High School Art Competition, ‘‘An Artistic Dis-covery:’’ from Carrick High School, Kiera Manus; from East Allegheny High School, Adrienne DeLisi, Katlin McArdle, Shannon Nelis, and Abigail Petrocelli; from Montour High School, Andrew Beninate, Grady Butler, Joanne Fowkes, Erin McCleary, Katie McGregor, and Olivia Trevenen; from Northgate High School, Jared Bollman and Jesron Hall; from Penn Hills High School, Racine James, Anna Lintelman, Areanna Rus-sell, and Sarah Wheeler; from the Pittsburgh Creative and Performing Arts School, Spencer Condon, Andrew Lowery, Gigi Varlotta, and Rosalea Williams; from Pittsburgh Science & Technology Academy, Jimmy Niu; from Pitts-burgh Westinghouse School, Margaret Ahmad-Revis, Christjon Malloy, Layla Miller, William Penn, and Alanna Young; from River-view High School, Shannon Kelly, Kylie Mericle, and Kelly O’Donnell; from Serra Catholic High School, Tyler J. Gedman, Kalin Greene, Victoria Hart, Jen Pricener, Erin Thomas, and Rachel Vidil; from South Alle-gheny High School, Matthew Dougher, Noah Elder, Adriann Frantish, Tywan Igles, Nicolette Ruhl, and Lesley Taylor; from Springdale High School, Cassandra Finnegan, Zachary Lamperski, Maria Lucas, Marisa Stover, Emily Thomm, and Milana Yaksich; from Sto-Rox High School, Brian Berry, Tieka Berry, Bran-don Konkiel, Alanna Molter, Katelyn Parker, and Natalie Walker; from Wilson Christian Academy, Nicole Bonomo and Haley Peretic; from Woodland Hills High School, Faiza Amir, Isis Duncan, Miranda Miller, Rayven Smith, and Tonee Turner. 
I would like to thank these impressive young 
artists for allowing us to share and celebrate their talents, imagination, and creativity. The efforts of these students in expressing them-selves in a powerful and positive manner are no less than spectacular. 
I hope that all of these individuals continue 
to utilize their artistic talents, and I wish them all the best of luck in their future endeavors. A TRIBUTE TO THE ROTARY CLUB 
OF COUNCIL BLUFFS, IOWA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Rotary Club of Council Bluffs, Iowa. The Club was chartered by Rotary International on April 1, 1915. The members of this Club ex-emplify the Rotary Motto: ‘‘Service Above Self and One Profits Most Who Serves Best.’’ The Club Members convey this philosophy of un-selfish volunteer service at every opportunity. 
In 1913, a young Council Bluffs business-
man, while on a business trip to New York City, came upon a Rotary International con-vention and asked, ‘‘What is Rotary?’’ He was told, ‘‘It is an organization for the prevention of what is harmful to business and society; and the promotion of that which is helpful.’’ That same spirit is alive and well within the Rotary Club of Council Bluffs today. The Club mem-bers actively participate in community activi-ties, promote a college scholarship fund, hold an annual food drive, sponsor a 5th grade ca-reer fair, and hold fundraisers throughout the year to support their activities. This Club is a reflection of the mission of Rotary Inter-national, ‘‘to promote service to others, pro-mote integrity, and advance world under-standing, goodwill, and peace through its fel-lowship of business, professional, and commu-nity leaders.’’ 
The Rotary Club of Council Bluffs has made 
a difference in serving the Council Bluffs com-munity. The members of the past 100 years have been dedicated to helping and serving others and it is a great honor to recognize them today. I know my colleagues in the House join me in honoring their accomplish-ments. I thank them for their service and wish them all the very best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING MARK DIEL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Mark Diel as he de-parts the Children’s Health Initiative in Napa County. As the founding Executive Director of this vital organization, Mr. Diel shepherded its growth and greatly increased access to healthcare among the less fortunate in our community. 
During his time as the head of the initiative, 
Mr. Diel enrolled 16,000 children and their families in Napa in comprehensive affordable health insurance and put into place systems which ensured that over ninety-nine percent of its clients received all the healthcare services they needed. Eighty-seven percent of the Ini-tiative’s clients also retain their coverage each year, a rate that is far higher than the state average. 
Mr. Diel’s dedication to ensuring children 
and low-income communities have the quality healthcare has been a lifelong passion. In ad-dition to heading the Children’s Health Initia-tive, he has served as a WIC manager in Yolo County and as Director at QueensCare. While 
at QueensCare, he built relationships with inner-city schools and families that led to valu-able mobile medical, dental, and optometric clinics throughout their geographic region, serving more than 60,000 Los Angeles chil-dren and factory workers annually. He also founded Promotores Comunitarios, a leader-ship training program that fosters leadership through training and deploying of community health promoters. 
Mark was born and lives in Davis, CA, with 
his wife, Tara, and their two children. Through-out his career, Mark has always been a bold advocate for vulnerable groups, a professional risk taker, and an outstanding community leader. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
honor Mark Diel at this time. He has worked tirelessly to connect underserved communities, children, and others to quality healthcare serv-ices, and as a leader in Napa County his work has made our community stronger and healthier. 
f 
HONORING GIVE SOMETHING BACK 
FOUNDATION 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Bob Carr and the Give Something Back Foundation. 
In 2003, Lockport, Illinois resident Bob Carr 
founded the Give Something Back Foundation to give well performing but underprivileged high school students a chance to receive a college education by providing scholarship and mentorship opportunities. 
The Give Something Back Foundation’s 
scholarship program is currently supporting 190 students, and has helped many more who would not have been able to afford a college education. The foundation offers full scholar-ships to students from 21 high schools throughout Will County and partners with local universities to ensure that students receive mentors to help them during their college ca-reer. 
I would like to thank Bob Carr and the Give 
Something Back Foundation for their contin-ued dedication to improving lives and building futures for young people in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JANIE SACCO, RE-
CIPIENT OF THE WASHINGTON STATE VETERAN SMALL BUSI-NESS ADVOCATE AWARD 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor and congratulate Ms. Janie Sacco, Vice President and SBA Loan Officer at Kitsap Bank, on receiving the 2015 Wash-ington State Veteran Small Business Advocate Award from the SBA. 
For years, Janie’s main focus has been as-
sisting military veterans with business loans, with a special focus on women, minority, vet-eran-owned small businesses and non-profits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.016 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E631 April 30, 2015 
Janie works tirelessly to discover qualifying 
veteran-owned businesses to receive a certifi-cation as a veteran-owned business by the Washington State Department of Veteran Af-fairs (WDVA). These certifications allow busi-nesses to apply for SBA loans and benefit from the additional assistance that veterans deserve. Janie’s dedication has resulted in many local businesses qualifying for SBA as-sistance, which has helped to spur economic growth in the region. 
In addition to her work at Kitsap Bank, Janie 
also works with the SBA’s SCORE and VBOC programs, providing classes on financial edu-cation, as well as with the SBA’s Boots-to- Business program. During her spare time, she volunteers by providing her expertise and services in the South Sound region in order to strengthen veteran-owned businesses and their finances. Janie has demonstrated— through her career and volunteer service—her dedication to veterans and veteran-owned businesses. Our community and regional economy have benefited greatly as a result and I am proud to call her a constituent. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
recognize and congratulate Janie Sacco on re-ceiving the 2015 Washington State Veteran Small Business Advocate Award from the Small Business Association. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOHN RABUN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. John Rabun for his ab-solute passion for child safety and his many years of service to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. 
A graduate of Savannah High School, Mr. 
Rabun continued his education at Armstrong State University and earned his master’s in social work from Mercer University. Following his degree, Mr. Rabun began his career in legal work for the ACLU of Kentucky where he helped ‘‘deinstitutionalize’’ children after their time in public homes for non-criminal activity and later worked as a chief probation officer for a county juvenile justice system. In 1980, Mr. Rabun and one of his colleagues formed a local exploited child unit, uniting social work-ers with police force during a season of high- profile cases of missing children. 
Mr. Rabun wrote about the need for a clear-
inghouse operation for missing and exploited children for the U.S. Department of Justice, and in 1984 wrote a grant that would become the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Mr. Rabun ran the center’s oper-ations, built up the staff and trained tens of thousands internationally on preventing abduc-tion, all while continuing to rescue children. He served as the communication link between many government units and helped to reach the public through billboards and news media sources. After nearly 30 years as the execu-tive vice president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Mr. Rabun now works part-time for the Alexandria, Vir-ginia, office from his home on Tybee Island. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to honor Mr. John Rabun for his work that led to the rescue of 80,000 children. I am honored to join his colleagues, family and 
friends in celebrating many years of dedication to the safety of our children. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,898,676,069.23. We’ve 
added $7,525,021,627,456.15 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE BIRTHDAY OF 
BOBBY DOLD 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish 
my son, Bobby Dold, a happy birthday. 
Bobby turns eleven years old today. He was 
born in Evanston, Illinois, and since that day in 2004, has kept me, his mother, Danielle, and his two sisters, Harper and Honor always on our toes. 
Bobby continues to grow and develop as a 
young man and an athlete. As a member of the Dold family, Bobby excels in multiple sports, including football, hockey, and la-crosse. Bobby brightens every room he walks into and makes friends with everyone he meets. It is clear that he has a true zest for life, and I hope that he continues to grow that enthusiasm in the years to come. 
Bobby enjoys visiting the beach of Lake 
Michigan with his proud grandparents, Nana and Chief, Papa and Granma, his aunts and uncles, and all of his cousins. 
I look forward to watching Bobby grow and 
mature into a fine independent young man. I hope that Bobby will continue to be a shining light to our family and community. Happy Birthday Bobby. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE LOCAL 
TASK FORCES ON 21ST CENTURY POLICING ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Local Task Forces on 21st Century Policing Act, to assist localities in carrying out some of the recommendations of President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing and the Department of Justice’s Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, both of which detail the need to strengthen relations between local communities and local law en-forcement. The bill would provide grants to 
local police departments to create local task forces on 21st century policing to bring police, representatives of the community, and public officials together to identify issues in their own communities, best policing practices for local police, and other ways to strengthen relations between the community and police depart-ments. Existing funds from the Department of Justice’s Grant Program would support local governments establishing the task forces. 
The task forces, modeled after President 
Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, would allow local communities to identify the best ways to create an effective partnership between local law enforcement and the com-munity they serve while reducing crime and in-creasing trust. The task forces could serve as a resource to address racial profiling in the Unites States by creating a partnership that encourages each party to take ownership of the issues and then proceeding to implement practical policing practices acceptable to all concerned. 
The creation of task forces could be an im-
portant step toward easing the tensions be-tween local law enforcement and the commu-nity. In addition, the task forces would serve to engage local law enforcement and local stake-holders in a transparent public process instead of being at odds. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this important piece of legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HELEN LEUZZI 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor the founding Executive Director of The Sophia Way, Helen Leuzzi, for being recognized by Seattle CityClub as a recipient of the 2015 Washington State Jefferson Award. 
The Jefferson Award is given to the unsung 
heroes who are making a difference in their community through public service. Also known as the ‘‘Nobel Prize’’ of social service, the Se-attle CityClub awards the Jefferson Award to community leaders who exemplify an excep-tional amount of volunteerism and action to better their communities. 
In 2006, Helen began serving as the Out-
reach Chair at the Bellevue First Congrega-tional Church, where her passion was ignited to help meet the needs of the eastside’s homeless and low-income women. In collabo-ration with other community organizations, Helen helped to create a women’s day center known as Angeline’s Day, which eventually in-spired her to create a center that would serve the needs of women at all hours of the day. This day center would later grow into what is known today as The Sophia Way. 
Today, The Sophia Way offers life skills 
training, social services, shelter, and additional resources to help women gain stability and independence. As the founding Executive Di-rector, Helen has demonstrated an unyielding commitment to combating issues faced by homeless and low income women in our com-munity. Her dedication and selflessness have paved the way for the success and growth of this organization, which has become an impor-tant asset to the region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.020 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E632 April 30, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Helen Leuzzi for receiving Seattle CityClub’s Washington State Jefferson Award and for her commitment to serving vulnerable populations in our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DOROTHY 
PETERSON 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mrs. Dorothy ‘‘Dot’’ Peterson as she celebrates her 100th birthday this year. It is my honor to join with her family and friends in marking this incredible milestone and wishing her many more years of health and happiness. 
Born in Brooklyn, New York on May 15, 
1915, Dot was the sixth of eight children. Her parents, Hannah and Kristian Nilson, had im-migrated to the United States from Norway. In 1919, their family moved to North Long Branch, New Jersey where Dot spent most of her childhood. She graduated from Long Branch High School in 1931 and earned her teaching degree from Newark Normal School (now Kean University) in 1935. 
In 1939, Dot married her beloved husband 
Harold Peterson of Monmouth Beach, New Jersey. Together they had 6 children and lived in Long Branch for 11 years before moving to Monmouth Beach in 1950. In 2005, Dot and Harold moved from their cherished family home to Kensington Court in Tinton Falls, New Jersey where Dot still resides today. 
Dot’s dynamic spirit and love of life is re-
flected in her family. She is proud of her chil-dren, eleven grandchildren and 15 great- grandchildren with which she can share her accomplished and fulfilling life. 
In addition to raising a beautiful family, Dot 
has always been an active member of her community, looking to improve the well-being of others. She taught first grade at the Broad-way School in Long Branch for seven years and was a member of the parent-teacher as-sociations at Monmouth Beach School, Long Branch High School and Shore Regional High School. She was also part of a group of women who helped create the first free-stand-ing library in Monmouth Beach and she served as a long-time member of the Ladies Auxiliary of Monmouth Beach. Dot continues to remain involved and energetic at Kensington Court, participating in art and exercise classes, pray-er group and the Resident Board. 
Dot is also an engaged, life-long member of 
Asbury United Methodist Church in North Long Branch, where she has served as president of the Women’s Society of Christian Service (later renamed the United Methodist Women) and a church trustee. She was also involved with the Sunday School and played in the bell choir. Family, community and church continue to be of utmost importance to Dot and her re-markable involvement is truly admirable. 
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-
leagues will join me in honoring Mrs. Dorothy Peterson as she celebrates her 100th birth-day. RECOGNIZING CHAPIN HIGH 
SCHOOL GOVERNMENT STUDENTS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, today I am grateful to extend my sincere appreciation to Chapin High School’s senior Government class. As part of their study on the legislative branch, these bright young men and women sent informed questions to my of-fice about timely and important topics such as redistricting and immigration. 
I appreciate Lucas Barnes, Kenly Derrick, 
Heather Dominick, Shelby Green, Trent Hodges, Abby Malcom, Katherine Meyers, Stephen Page, and Keely Wilson for their in-terest in and study of the federal government. I support Mr. Jody Haltiwanger, the Advanced American Government teacher at Chapin High School, who inspired his students to fully en-gage in the legislative process by contacting their elected officials. 
I am honored to represent these young 
Americans in the Second Congressional Dis-trict of South Carolina, and am confident of their future success. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO GENERAL JANET 
WOLFENBARGER 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the 
opportunity to pay tribute to General Janet Wolfenbarger, the first female four-star general for the United States Air Force, for her 35 years of distinguished and honorable service in the United States Air Force and to our Na-tion. 
General Wolfenbarger has had a distin-
guished career, beginning with her graduation from the United States Air Force Academy. She has held a variety of assignments at headquarters Electronic Security Command and Air Force Systems Command. The Gen-eral has held several positions in the F–22 System Program office, served as the F–22 Lead Program Element Monitor and was the B–2 System Program Director for the Aero-nautical Systems Center. She commanded the Aeronautical Systems Center’s C–17 Systems Group, Mobility Systems Wing. She was the Service’s Director of the Air Force Acquisition Center of Excellence at the Pentagon, and then served as Director of the Headquarters AFMC Intelligence and Requirements Direc-torate. She served as AFMC Vice Commander and as the Military Deputy to the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acqui-sitions. 
As Commander of AFMC, General 
Wolfenbarger authorized and directed groundbreaking initiatives, revolutionizing how the Air Force and AFMC will conduct business for years to come. Gen Wolfenbarger oversaw the successful reorganization of AFMC from 12-Centers to 5-Centers. This dramatic re-invention of the Command led to a myriad of 
innovative mission and cost effectiveness pro-grams, such as the Air Force Life Cycle Man-agement Center’s Should Cost initiative and the Air Force Sustainment Center’s Road to a Billion and Beyond. Furthermore, she collabo-rated with the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition) to develop the Bending the Cost Curve initiative, an effort designed to im-prove internal Air Force acquisition processes, enhance industry interactions throughout the acquisition lifecycle, and expand competition among traditional and non-traditional industry partners. Finally, she fulfilled the Secretary of the Air Force’s vision for the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center reorganization effort and guided the stand-up of the Air Force Installa-tion and Mission Support Center. 
She received numerous military awards for 
her service including the Defense Distin-guished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, the Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Commendation Medal, and the Air Force Achievement Medal. She also received the highest honor from the Air Force enlisted corps, the Order of the Sword. 
I have known General Wolfenbarger for 
many years and deeply value the service she provided to our country. Although she will be sorely missed, I wish her nothing but the best in her future endeavors. General Wolfenbarger encompasses a myriad of noble traits but her honesty, her ability to provide straight assess-ment and her uncompromising ethical char-acter have truly set her apart from the rest in her distinguished career. Her service and her dedication to duty honor the Air Force and our great nation. General Wolfenbarger truly ex-emplifies the core values of the Air Force, ‘‘In-tegrity First, Service Before Self, Excellence in All We Do.’’ 
f 
COMMENDING THE SEATTLE 
TIMES 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commend the Seattle Times on winning a Pul-itzer Prize for ‘‘Breaking News Reporting’’ this year for their coverage of the Oso, Wash-ington mudslide. This is the third time in just five years that the Seattle Times has received this prestigious honor, and their tenth total Pulitzer Prize. Although Editor Kathy Best said that the paper simply ‘‘did what any good newsroom should do when a big story breaks’’, it is clear that they went above and beyond and raised the bar for reporters and news publications across the country. 
The Seattle Times is the largest daily paper 
in Washington State and has been serving the greater Seattle area since 1891. This latest achievement only adds to their legacy of com-munity service and I look forward to many more years of them reporting the news of my home state. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.025 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E633 April 30, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF DR. QUINTARD TAYLOR 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor and congratulate Dr. Quintard Taylor of the University of Washington on re-ceiving the 2015 Washington State Jefferson Award from Seattle CityClub. 
The Jefferson Award is given to the unsung 
heroes who make a difference in their commu-nity through public service. Also known as the ‘‘Nobel Prize’’ of social service, the Seattle CityClub presents the Jefferson Award to com-munity leaders who exemplify volunteerism and action to better their communities. 
Today, Dr. Taylor is the Scott and Dorothy 
Bullitt Professor of American History at the University of Washington’s Seattle campus, and has taught in Washington, Oregon, Cali-fornia, and Nigeria over the course of almost 40 years. He has edited, written and published multiple writings on African American History, providing his expertise on African American history specific to the American West. 
In addition to his commitment to teaching, 
Dr. Taylor created a website resource called BlackPast.org, a non-profit website that fea-tures over 10,000 pages of information on Afri-can American history. In particular, this re-source features voluntary academic contribu-tions from various scholars verified through a rigorous process. This site is the largest ref-erence center of its type and is a testament to his dedication to providing citizens with vital information on American history. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
recognize and congratulate Dr. Quintard Tay-lor on receiving Seattle CityClub’s 2015 Jeffer-son Award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MERCEDES 
SANTANA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER P. GIBSON 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Mercedes Santana, a talented young lady and athlete. 
Born on August 30, 2003, Mercedes has 
studied the martial art of Tae Kwon Do at Mechelle’s Way Tae Kwon Do in Schenec-tady, New York for the last several years. Dur-ing this time, she successfully earned the level of Red Belt, and she continues to pursue her goal of earning a Black Belt as well as com-pletion of martial arts weapons training. 
Mr. Speaker, in July of 2013, Mercedes at-
tended and competed in the 2013 Junior Olympics, held in Detroit, Michigan. At this event Mercedes earned a Bronze Medal in Tae Kwon Do, a feat which currently makes her the only Junior Olympian in Schenectady, New York. This accomplishment has proven Mercedes to be an impressive role model for her peers and fellow New Yorkers. 
Outside of Tae Kwon Do, Mercedes holds a 
diverse range of interests, including playing the drums, painting and reading. 
Mr. Speaker, the Junior Olympics have 
been held over 30 times since their inception in 1967. The event has included over 20 
sports in this time span and the 2013 event alone had over 12,000 athletes in attendance. By winning a Bronze Medal, Mercedes has truly proven herself to be an impressive stu-dent of Tae Kwon Do and overall athlete. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
congressional colleagues join me in recog-nizing Mercedes Santana for her tremendous accomplishments, and to encourage Mercedes to continue to inspire those around her. 
f 
CELEBRATING BETHESDA 
ACADEMY’S 275TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to celebrate the 275th Anniversary of Bethesda Academy, Savannah’s iconic boarding and day school for boys in grades six through 12. 
Bethesda Academy was founded in 1740 by 
Reverend George Whitefield as a home for boys, and it has the distinction of being Amer-ica’s oldest child caring institute. This values- laden educational institution has raised the bar when it comes to educating Georgia’s young men, strongly emphasizing Whitefield’s found-ing mission to teach ‘‘a love for God, a love of learning and a strong work ethic.’’ Today, Bethesda Academy is an AdvancEd accred-ited institute with 95 percent of its students graduating on time and 87 percent going on to higher education. 
Designing its curriculum around the way that 
the boys learn most effectively, Bethesda Academy features a wildlife management pro-gram, an on-site video production studio, an organic farming program and a nationally- ranked chess team. Bethesda does not re-ceive any state funding to operate and de-pends largely on private donations, external scholarship programs such as the Georgia GOAL Scholarship Program, annual fund-raising, and a collection of on-campus busi-ness enterprises that cumulatively help meet the school’s annual budget. Though the school has faced many challenges over the years due to funding, Bethesda has evolved into a thriving and award-winning middle and high school. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to commemorate the 275th Anniversary of Bethesda Academy. With a wide range of academic, athletic, vocational and spiritual de-velopment opportunities, there is no doubt that Bethesda is preparing these young men for fu-ture success in life. 
f 
PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORHNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cy-
bersecurity threats, and for other purposes: 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I submit the fol-
lowing exchange of letters regarding H.R. 1560: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, April 7, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, House Permanent Select Committee 
on Intelligence, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN NUNES : I am writing 
concerning H.R. 1560, the ‘‘Protecting Cyber Networks Act,’’ which your Committee or-dered reported on March 26, 2015. 
As you know, H.R. 1560 contains provisions 
within the Committee on the Judiciary’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your hav-ing consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 1560, the Committee on the Judiciary will not assert a jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdic-tion of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, April 10, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1560, the Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary. As you also noted, the language of those provisions was the result of consultations with you in advance of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence’s consideration of the bill. I agree that your letter in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. 
I appreciate your willingness to forego con-
sideration of the bill in the interest of expe-diting this legislation for floor consider-ation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in our Committee’s report on H.R. 1560 and the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, April 13, 2015. 
Hon. D EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 26, 2015, the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:36 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.030 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E634 April 30, 2015 
ordered H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Net-
works Act reported to the House. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform with regard to H.R. 1560 on those matters within the Com-mittee’s jurisdiction. I am writing to con-firm our mutual understanding with respect to the consideration of the bill. 
The bill contains provisions that fall with-
in the Rule X subject matter jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. The Committee has purview over the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA, 5 U.S.C. 552), which H.R. 1560 directly amends. Section 10 of the bill directly amends 5 U.S.C. 552 to create a new 5 U.S.C. 552(b) provision that exempts the entire Act from FOIA, including any subsequent amend-ments. Prior to floor consideration, we will work together to remove section 10 and con-
sider improvements to other sections of the bill referencing 5 U.S.C. 552. 
In the interest of expediting the House’s 
consideration of H.R. 1560, I will not request a sequential referral of the bill. However, I do so only with the understanding that this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional interest to my Committee in the future. 
I respectfully request your support for the 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform should this bill or a similar bill be considered in a conference with the Senate. I also request that you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Committee Report on H.R. 1560 and in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Thank you for your atten-tion to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , 
Washington, DC, April 13, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1560, the Pro-tecting Cyber Networks Act. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill related to 5 U.S.C. § 552 fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. As you also noted, we have agreed to continue to work with you on these provi-sions. I agree that your letter in no way di-minishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. 
I appreciate your willingness to forego con-
sideration of the bill in the interest of expe-diting this legislation for floor consider-ation. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in our Committee’s report on H.R. 1560 and the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. 
Sincerely, 
D
EVIN NUNES , 
Chairman. THE GLOBAL MAGNITSKY HUMAN 
RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently chaired a hearing on the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 directed the President to publish and up-date a list of each person the President had reason to conclude was responsible for the detention, abuse, or death of Sergei Magnitsky, a legal and accounting adviser with Firestone Duncan, an international law and ac-counting firm with offices in Moscow and Lon-don. 
William Browder, Chief Executive Officer of 
Hermitage Capital Management Ltd., who was one of the witnesses at the hearing, has pro-vided a detailed account of the violent expro-priation of the assets of Hermitage—the larg-est foreign investment brokerage in Russia— by rampant Russian Government corruption, bribery, fraud, forgery, cronyism, and outright theft. 
Magnitsky had documented Hermitage’s 
losses and other illicit financial dealings, in-cluding draining $230 million from the Russian treasury by tax fraud. He was arrested in No-vember 2008, reportedly for tax evasion, and denied medical care, family visits, or due legal process, in custody. He was beaten and tor-tured, and died in prison in November 2009. He was 37 years old and married with two young children. 
The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Account-
ability Act of 2012 targeted those who partici-pated in related liability concealment efforts, fi-nancially benefited from Sergei Magnitsky’s detention, abuse, or death, or were involved in the criminal conspiracy uncovered by Magnitsky, or were responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other human rights violations committed against individuals seeking to expose illegal activity carried out by Russian officials, or against persons seeking to promote human rights and freedoms. The Act directed the Secretaries of State and Treasury to annually report to Congress on actions taken to implement the Act, including rejecting visa applications, revoking existing visas, and blocking property transactions, for persons the President put on the Magnitsky List. 
The United States is a land of opportunity, 
but it should not be for those who misused and murdered Sergei Magnitsky. Without the original Magnitsky Act, the government offi-cials and businesspeople who perpetrated crimes against a young man, against a major international firm, and against even the Rus-sian people themselves by stealing from them, could have taken their ill-gotten gains and come to this country to purchase property and live the good life that the United States offers. 
The hearing examined the need for H.R. 
624, ‘‘The Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act,’’ which extends these human rights and anti-corruption tools to other countries. The House passed the 2012 act by a vote of 365–43, and there is now strong Ma-jority and Minority co-sponsorship for H.R. 624. 
Since the original Magnitsky Act became 
law on December 14, 2012, human rights vic-tims and advocates from around the world, 
and anti-corruption champions, have asked for a Magnitsky Act for their specific country. H.R. 624 ensures—with minimal cost or burden on the United States—that our government gives some justice to victims and stands in solidarity with them in a tangible way, shines a spotlight on perpetrators, making them pariahs, and pressures governments to prosecute perpetra-tors who are their citizens. 
The Global Magnitsky Act is intended to dis-
rupt the impunity and comfort that far too many international human rights violators cur-rently enjoy and to keep their tainted money out of our financial systems. It also fights the human rights abuses and corruption that gen-erate national security, terrorism, and eco-nomic threats to the United States. 
A few years ago, Teodorin Obiang Mangue 
son of the President of Equatorial Guinea, vis-ited the United States regularly. Using funds siphoned from American companies operating in his country, he lived a glamorous life in Malibu, California, dating celebrities and col-lecting expensive cars. When France issued a warrant for his arrest after he refused to ap-pear at a money-laundering hearing, his father provided him with diplomatic immunity to es-cape prosecution. 
In June 2012, after years of trying to track 
Teodorin’s wealth, the U.S. Department of Justice finally filed a lawsuit in a California court alleging massive money-laundering and listing, among the scandalous catalog of as-sets, his $35 million Malibu mansion, with a four-hole golf course, tennis court and two swimming pools. That’s just one of the acqui-sitions he made in the U.S. 
The financial manipulations of young Mr. 
Obiang’s family led in part to the closing of Riggs Bank in Washington, one of the capital’s premier financial institutions. Such people should not be able to steal from foreign firms and their own people and use these funds to live lavishly in our country. 
Similarly, those who torture and otherwise 
commit the worst human rights violations against others should not be welcome here ei-ther and I have written legislation over the years to enforce that principle. The Ethiopia Freedom, Democracy, and Human Rights Ad-vancement Act of 2006 would have prevented officials who ordered the callous shooting of peaceful demonstrators in Ethiopia from enter-ing this country. The Foreign Relations Author-ization Act for Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 be-came law and required the U.S. Government to impose visa bans on any foreign national the Secretary of State has determined is di-rectly involved in establishing or enforcing population control policies that force a woman to undergo abortions against her will or force a man or woman to undergo sterilization against his or her will. The Belarus Democracy Reauthorization Act of 2006 also became law and imposed visa bans and asset freezes on government officials from the Government of Belarus because of their violations of basic human rights and freedoms. 
If we stand by quietly when governments 
refuse to prosecute human rights abusers and financial fraudsters, and then welcome those guilty of such crimes into the United States and into our financial systems, we are ena-bling their crimes. The 2012 Magnitsky Act was a major step in freeing ourselves from aiding and abetting international perpetrators. H.R. 624 makes the next step in taking a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.034 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E635 April 30, 2015 
stand against their crimes. If we are serious 
about rejecting their deeds, perhaps their gov-ernments, and other governments, will be-come more serious as well. 
f 
SHANNA PEEPLES OF AMARILLO 
NAMED 2015 NATIONAL TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor one of my constituents, Shanna Peeples, who has been named the 2015 National Teacher of the Year by the Council of Chief State School Officers. She is the first Texas teacher to win the award since 1957. 
Ms. Peeples is a high school English teach-
er at Palo Duro High School in Amarillo, Texas. She graduated from West Texas A&M University in 1997. After working as a disc jockey, medical assistant, pet sitter, and jour-nalist at the Amarillo Globe-News covering education, the mother of three children began teaching 12 years ago. 
Ms. Peeples was exposed to alcoholism, 
domestic violence, and poverty as a child. Those hardships help her empathize with her students, 85 percent of whom live below the poverty line and many having fled violent homelands from around the world. Just as her teachers made school her safe place where she could escape her fears through reading and writing, Ms. Peeples strives to give her students a sense of belonging. She wants them to know she is invested in their lives and in their futures. So much so, that she has had to help refugee parents who wanted their chil-dren to work rather than go to school under-stand the importance of education. 
In addition to serving as the chair of her 
English department, she is a mentor and in-structional coach for other teachers at her school. As she travels the nation over the next year, she plans to emphasize effective teach-ing methods for students in poverty or facing extreme challenges. 
Ms. Peeples is the type of educator all par-
ents want teaching our children. She is a shin-ing example of the best of her profession. The fact that she has already been recognized as the Teacher of the Year for Texas and has now become the Teacher of the Year for the entire country makes everyone in our area— and especially our teachers and school sys-tems—very proud. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SOUTH SEATTLE 
COLLEGE STUDENT, DAVID YAMA 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to offer special recognition to David Yama, a South Seattle College student from the great state of Washington. Mr. Yama received na-tional attention for his exemplary character in and out of the classroom. 
As a member of the All-Washington Aca-
demic team, David was named a ‘‘New Cen-tury Scholar’’ which is given to the top-com-
munity college scholar in each state. From there, David landed the top spot on the All- USA academic team, made up of the top-20 community college students from across the country. On April 20, 2015 the National Honor Society, Phi Theta Kappa, held a celebration to recognize David and his All-USA team-mates in San Antonio, Texas. Of the top 20 in the nation, David was selected as the sole re-cipient of PTK’s David R. Pierce Scholarship and served as the speaker at the event where he shared his story of tragedy and triumph. Days later, his success was further recognized with a Jack Kent Cooke Foundation Scholar-ship—awarded to the nation’s top community college students to complete their bachelor’s degree at a four-year college or university. 
Growing up in Ocean Shores, a small coast-
al city in Washington, David and his family— which includes his four siblings—lived in a one-bedroom hotel. David struggled in school and his parents were told that he needed be-havioral drugs. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortu-nately, his parents could not afford that type of medication for David. After receiving straight F’s, David dropped out of high school at the age of 14. One year later, David set sail— quite literally. After convincing his mother and the captain of the Lady Washington , he volun-
teered on a sailing trip to California. From there he worked on other ships and as David 
put it, jumped from ‘‘one dead-end job to an-other.’’ 
At the age of 27, David came to the realiza-
tion that an education was the key to a life of stability and greener pastures. As a West Se-attle resident, David started taking prep class-es to receive his GED at his local community college, South Seattle College. 
With the encouragement of his GED instruc-
tor, Jane Harness, David quickly began to re-build his confidence and his scores improved. As Jane put it, ‘‘this little switch turned on for him, and he became really determined.’’ 
So determined, in fact, that after David 
earned his GED he continued his academic pursuits and will be earning an associate de-gree this spring. From there, David will con-tinue his studies earning a bachelor’s degree and ultimately a Ph.D. in bio engineering. 
In addition to holding a 3.96 GPA, David 
volunteers his time as a tutor and an environ-mentalist cleaning up West Seattle’s Duwamish River. He is quick to give credit to South Seattle College as the key to his suc-cess as he told the Seattle Times: ‘‘Once I started here—the environment was right, it was a 180 from what I thought I was capable of,’’ Yama said. 
His academic achievements have been rec-
ognized in USA Today, Seattle’s NBC Affiliate (KING 5) and on the front page of the Seattle Times. 
David’s story is one of inspiration and deter-
mination. He is just one of many students who have had to overcome seemingly impossible odds but met those challenges head-on and came out on top. He is living proof that the power of hope, determination and the human spirit are alive and well in this country. I’m proud that South Seattle College and David Yama are from the District that I represent. Please join me in recognizing their success. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-
MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making ap-propriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chair, I’d like to thank the 
Appropriations Committee and the Chairman for acting to impose greater discipline on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
We know that the future of nuclear power in 
the United States depends on having a cred-ible nuclear safety regulator, and depends on the industry continuing to perform at a high level of safety. We feel strongly that the agen-cy must continue its core mission of protecting public health and safety, but NRC must do so in a manner that does not add to the eco-nomic headwinds the industry faces. 
I support the Committee’s direction to re-
quire the NRC’s rulemaking process to be Commission-driven in order to provide greater discipline, transparency, efficiency, and ac-countability. 
f 
THE EVENTS IN BALTIMORE 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want to join 
my friend and chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , in offering 
condolences to the parents and family mem-bers of Freddie Gray. 
I also want to say to Ms. Toya Graham that 
I feel and can appreciate her anguish and the pain that she showed the world a few days ago. 
I want to say to her son, Michael that I have 
also felt his pain and anguish, having been on the receiving end of such discipline from my mother. But I want to say to him that he can rest assured that the love of his mother, her passion for his future, will pay great dividends if he continues to show the deference to her love and affection and her concern that he showed several days ago when he was the object of her frustrations. 
Mr. Speaker, responding to the situation in 
Baltimore several days ago, President Obama said: ‘‘We can’t just leave this to the police. I think there are Police Departments that have to do some soul-searching. I think there are some communities that have to do some soul- searching.’’ 
But, he went on to say: ‘‘I think we, as a 
country, have to do some soul-searching.’’ I want to join President Obama in calling for the country to do some soul-searching. 
Let’s take a look at just a few of the institu-
tions of learning in the Baltimore Community. 
I would like to call attention to one school, 
Frederick Douglass High School, a school that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:36 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K30AP8.012 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E636 April 30, 2015 
lists among its graduates the likes of Cab 
Calloway, Thurgood Marshall, and as I under-stand it the school the father of the current mayor of Baltimore also attended. 
I understand there are 789 students at Fred-
erick Douglass High School today. Eighty- three percent of them are listed in U.S News & World Report’s index as economically dis-advantaged, and only 53 percent of them are listed as proficient in English, only 44 percent proficient in algebra. 
I understand that Carver Vocational Tech-
nical High is 100 percent minority, with 79 per-cent of the students economically disadvan-taged. Coppin Academy, 100 percent minority, with 77 percent economically disadvantaged. 
Now, as we listen to all of the pundits, edi-
torial writers reflect on what is taking place or has taken place in Baltimore, I would like to call attention to the lack of soul-searching that is taking place here in this body as we rep-resent the people of America. We have just seen the conference report, or the budget, being proposed by the House Republicans. That conference agreement guts strategic in-vestments in education, workforce training, public health, scientific research, advanced manufacturing, and public safety. It does noth-ing to help those Americans who are looking for jobs. It does nothing to boost paychecks of working Americans. It disinvests in America. 
The Republicans’ budget disinvests in 
America by slashing the nation’s commitments to education, research, infrastructure, and other crucial drivers of economic prosperity. It pulls away from the ladders of opportunity that helps hard-working Americans get ahead. 
In Education, the Republican Budget kicks 
46,000 children out of Head Start, cuts $1.2 billion in Title I education funding (enough for 17,000 teachers and aides serving 1.9 million students); cuts $347 million in funding through the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, (enough for 6,000 special education teachers, paraprofessionals, and related staff); 
The Republican Budget also decimates job 
creation. It eliminates job training & employ-ment services for more than 2.4 million work-ers; and eliminates the Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnerships, which serve 30,000 small manufacturers that contribute to the creation of middle-class jobs and economic growth; 
In the area of Housing, the Republican 
budget takes Housing Choice Vouchers away from 133,000 families and eliminates afford-able housing assistance for another 20,000 families in rural America; 
The Republican budget shreds the social 
safety net. It cuts $300 billion from Agriculture 
Committee programs. The House budget cut roughly $200 billion. The Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program (SNAP) is the largest spending program in this committee’s jurisdic-tion and appears to be the primary target of this cut (despite the fact that 80% of SNAP beneficiaries are children, elderly, disabled, someone caring for a child or disabled person, or are working); 
My Republican friends underfund veterans’ 
programs. They are proposing $20 billion below the President’s request over the next ten years. 
They also increase taxes on hardworking 
families while giving massive tax cuts to the ultra-wealthy. They increase taxes on a typical working family by $2,000, while giving million-aires an average tax cut of more than $200,000; and let the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), and the Child Tax Credit expire. Their budget puts college out of reach for 
millions of students. It freezes the maximum Pell grant and eliminates $89 billion in con-gressionally approved Pell grant increases; and cuts total overall support for higher edu-cation by more than $220 billion in the next decade. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SERVICE 
OF DR. KENNETH MILLER 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to recognize my constituent, Kenneth Mil-ler, PhD, RN, CFNP, FAAN, FAANP, for his service as President this year of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners (AANP). 
Dr. Miller has had an exemplary career of 
service with more than 44 years of nursing ex-perience. He received his BSN from the Uni-versity of Michigan in 1978, a Master’s in Medical/Surgery Nursing in 1980, and a PhD in Clinical Nursing Research from the Univer-sity of Arizona in 1983. Dr. Miller received his Family Nurse Practitioner post-master’s certifi-cation from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in 1998. 
Prior to his term as AANP President, Dr. 
Miller served as the Associate Dean for Aca-demic Administration at The Catholic Univer-sity of America in Washington, D.C. He was also the Director of the School of Nursing for the University of Delaware and the Vice Dean for Internal Programs and Associate Dean for Research and Clinical Scholarship in the Col-lege of Nursing at the University of New Mex-ico Health Sciences Center. 
Before his tenure in academia, Dr. Miller 
held professorial positions at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and as Director of Clinical Nursing Research at the National Naval Medical Center in Be-thesda, Maryland. Dr. Miller also worked as a clinical nurse in medical centers and hospitals in California, Arizona and Michigan. In addi-tion, he served as a Family Nurse Practitioner in New Mexico, Delaware and the District of Columbia. 
The American Association of Nurse Practi-
tioners is a national professional membership organization representing 205,000 nurse prac-titioners nationally. Under Dr. Miller’s tenure, AANP membership has grown to more than 57,000 members, making AANP the largest nurse practitioner organization in the world. Dr. Miller has helped lead nurse practitioners in transforming patient-centered health care and has made tremendous strides in ensuring that policy makers and the public understand the care that nurse practitioners provide to mil-lions of Americans each year. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating Dr. Miller on a successful term as Presi-dent of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners and in thanking him for the excel-lent care he has and continues to provide to his patients and the nurse practitioner profes-sion. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support 
of this amendment, of which I am a proud co-sponsor. 
As a Member of the House Veterans Affairs 
Committee, I regularly speak with both VA medical professionals and patients about ad-vances in care for our nation’s heroes. 
The limited research that has been allowed 
to be conducted has shown very promising re-sults on the use of medical marijuana for the treatment of conditions such as Post Trau-matic Stress Disorder. 
Nearly 1 of 5 veterans from the wars in Iraq 
and Afghanistan is diagnosed with PTSD and we have seen a skyrocketing rate of overuse and addiction of powerful painkillers being used to treat such illnesses. 
Giving medical professionals additional tools 
to treat these serious ailments is not just com-monsense, it is the right thing to do. 
Often times we hear elected officials come 
to the well of the House and speak about their commitment to our servicemembers and vet-erans. Today we have an opportunity to do more than offer platitudes, we can offer relief: relief from the pain and suffering associated with PTSD; relief from a medical system with little to offer as alternative treatments to pow-erful and addictive painkillers; relief from the fear of being penalized for using medical mari-juana prescribed by a private doctor; and relief to VA medical professionals in the 36 states, including Nevada and Washington D.C. where medical marijuana is legal, allowing them to utilize their medical judgement to determine the best treatment options for their patients. 
Forcing the 225,000 veterans who call Ne-
vada home and millions across the country to go outside the VA health system to seek treat-ment, without the supervision and guidance of the medical professionals who understand the specific needs of our veteran community, is ir-responsible. 
I call on my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this bipartisan amendment and stand up for our brave men and women who bear the scars of war and who so desperately need our support. 
f 
REINTRODUCING DUWAMISH 
TRIBAL RECOGNITION ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-
introduce the Duwamish Tribal Recognition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.036 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E637 April 30, 2015 
Act. This legislation addresses a longstanding 
issue that affects the indigenous people of Se-attle’s metropolitan area. This year marks the 160th year since the Duwamish Tribe signed the Point Elliott Treaty in 1855. In exchange for the reservation and other benefits including hunting and fishing rights promised in the Point Elliott Treaty by the United States gov-ernment, the Duwamish Tribe ceded 54,000 acres of their homeland. Today, those 54,000 acres include the cities of Bellevue, Mercer Is-land Renton, Seattle, Tukwila, and much of King County. 
The Duwamish people’s struggle for federal 
recognition continues. It was granted to them in 2001, but then denied under dubious cir-cumstances after just eight months. On Sep-tember 2001, George W. Bush’s Interior De-partment’s administration officials denied the recognition of the Duwamish Tribe. U.S. Dis-trict Judge Coughenour vacated the adminis-tration’s denial through statements expressing concern on how ‘‘plaintiffs should not be left to wonder why one administration thought their petition should be considered under both sets of rules, but a second one did not.’’ I agree with Judge Coughenour. 
It has been a long fight for federal recogni-
tion of the Duwamish people. During that time the Interior Department’s rules for federal rec-ognition of tribes have changed from the origi-nal regulations set in 1978 to those that were revised in 1994. There is significant evidence to support Duwamish recognition that is not in-cluded in the current record filed over twenty years ago. 
I have asked the Secretary of the Interior, 
Sally Jewell, to look into this matter as I be-lieve this bill will provide the federal recogni-tion to which the Duwamish Tribe has long been entitled. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LITTLE CAESARS 
LOVE KITCHEN’S 30 YEARS OF MAKING A DIFFERENCE 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize a great Michigan fam-ily-owned company, Little Caesars Pizza, on a very special anniversary in that company’s his-tory and the two wonderful people who started and built that company, Mike and Marion Ilitch. 30 years ago today, on April 30, 1985, Mike and Marion Ilitch started the Little Caesars Love Kitchen, which over the years has pro-vided free meals to nearly three million home-less, hungry and displaced families. Since it provided its first free meal, the Little Caesars big-rig pizza kitchen on wheels has traveled to all 48 states in the continental U.S. providing fresh, hot pizza for the hungry, homeless, vic-tims of natural disasters and terrorist attacks in more than 4,000 American cities. 
Mike and Marion Ilitch created the Love 
Kitchen as a way to demonstrate their deep commitment to helping those in need by giving back to the communities in which it does busi-ness. Meals from the Love Kitchen are com-pletely free of charge for everyone served. Local Little Caesars franchise owners and company regional offices donate all the food and labor costs that allows the Love Kitchen 
to assist those in need. The commitment to helping those in need extends far beyond the Ilitch family and evidence of that fact is that an estimated 50,000 Little Caesars franchise owners and employees have volunteered countless hours of their time over the years to support this program in their local commu-nities. In addition to the local support and par-ticipation of franchisees, Little Caesars Enter-prises contributes nationally and has invested hundreds of thousands of dollars per year to operate the program, including an investment of $350,000 in 2014 to launch a second Love Kitchen allowing them to double the number of people they can help. 
The Little Caesars Love Kitchen works with 
local shelters and community leaders across this nation every day to feed the hungry and homeless. When communities are struck by disasters, you can be nearly certain that the Love Kitchen will be rolling into town to pro-vide relief to victims and rescue workers. Just a few of the many examples are that the Love 
Kitchen has fed families after devastating tor-nadoes in Oklahoma and Alabama, provided hot meals after Hurricane Sandy and Hurri-cane Katrina and helped feed rescue workers in the aftermath of the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Center and the bombing of the Alfred Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. 
I commend Little Caesars founders Mike 
and Marion Ilitch, their entire family, and the many Little Caesars workers and franchisees for their unwavering commitment to supporting and comforting those in communities across this nation at times of greatest need. I also want to applaud the leadership of the Presi-dent and CEO of Ilitch Holdings Christopher Ilitch and Little Caesars President and CEO Dave Scrivano for their important work to con-tinue Little Caesars legacy as an outstanding corporate citizen. I salute the Little Caesars Love Kitchen on the occasion of its 30th anni-versary and thank everyone at Little Caesars for spreading love, kindness, and hope in so many communities across our great nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE END OF THE VIET-NAM WAR 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, today, April 30th, 
marks the 40th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War. As Chairman of the House For-eign Affairs Committee, I would like to take this opportunity to honor more than 58,000 American service men and women who lost their lives in the war, to honor the Vietnam veterans, and to honor the Vietnamese armed forces who fought alongside us to defend free-dom, liberty, and democracy. 
Their sacrifices will never be forgotten. However, just as we remember those brave 
men and women, we should also recognize the millions of Vietnamese refugees that ar-rived in the United States following the fall of South Vietnam. Uprooted in a refugee crisis of enormous proportions, these Vietnamese have become an integral part of our society. 
I take great pride in representing a part of 
Orange County’s thriving Vietnamese-Amer-ican community, and I have witnessed the 
community’s growth over the years. Having represented ‘‘Little Saigon,’’ I saw much of this growth up close. 
I have seen the community grow not only 
economically but politically as well. Janet Nguyen—who as a five year old left Vietnam by boat—has risen to California State Senate in 2014. Her story of success exemplifies this generation of Vietnamese Americans. 
I am sorry to say, however, that in the 40 
years since the end of the Vietnam War, much work remains to be done. Political, religious and economic freedoms have been systemati-cally squashed. This is a government that con-tinues to deny citizens of Vietnam the right to change their government. 
When I visited Vietnam, I saw firsthand the 
Communist Party’s harassment of those Viet-namese citizens who decided to peacefully set forth dissenting political and religious views. When I met with the venerable Thich Quang Do and Le Quang Liem, I was immediately de-nounced by that Communist government. 
The Vietnamese-American community has 
not lost sight of the struggle in their original homeland for freedom, for religious freedom, for freedom of speech, even for the right of young people to sit down in an Internet cafe and have a dialogue without censorship. 
They are a part of this effort to make certain 
that those ideals stay alive so that in the same way that eastern Europe came to evolve into a democratic, market-oriented, tolerant soci-ety, that there will be that opportunity in the fu-ture for Vietnam. 
f 
SISTER ANN KEEFE POST OFFICE 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, April 28, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Sister Ann Keefe, who touched the lives of countless individuals in her service to Rhode Island, and in support of H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Ave-nue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sis-ter Ann Keefe Post Office.’’ 
Sister Ann’s generosity, compassion, and 
fearless advocacy for social justice have left an indelible mark on our state. She was a true public servant, speaking for those who had no voice and working tirelessly to assist the dis-advantaged. In her more than 33 years of service as a Sister of Saint Joseph, Sister Ann worked to address the challenges facing Prov-idence. No feat was too great; Sister Ann knew how to roll up her sleeves and get the job done, bringing a patient, faithful voice to issues affecting the most vulnerable among us. 
Sister Ann’s legacy endures through the 
many lives she touched and the dozens of ini-tiatives and organizations she founded, includ-ing the Institute for the Study and Practice of Nonviolence, Providence CityArts for Youth, AIDS Care Ocean State, and the Providence Human Relations Commission. These pro-grams continue to serve those in need and work to make our communities stronger. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.039 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E638 April 30, 2015 
Sister Ann faced the problems that others 
ignored, and her example serves as a re-minder that with love, compassion, and deter-mination, a single individual can make a tre-mendous difference. Sister Ann left us too soon, but our state and our world are better places because she passed through. I am proud to support the naming of this facility as yet another marker of appreciation for, and in remembrance of, Sister Ann, and I thank my good friend and colleague from Rhode Island for introducing this legislation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING APRAXIA 
AWARENESS 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
call attention to Childhood Apraxia of Speech, a speech and communication disorder that causes extreme difficulty in learning to speak, which can affect literacy and school perform-ance. Often times, children with Childhood Apraxia of Speech require frequent and ag-gressive speech therapy to improve their abil-ity to communicate. Sadly, the cause of this disorder is unknown. More progress must be made to understand this complex condition. 
Fortunately, the Childhood Apraxia of 
Speech Association located in Pittsburgh, PA continues to work tirelessly to raise awareness about this condition and to provide support to families of affected children. Thanks to their hard work, great strides have been made to-ward educating the public, as well as local, state, and federal officials. 
Children with apraxia and their families con-
front tremendous obstacles with determination and persistence. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these individuals on Apraxia Awareness Day this May and in thanking the Childhood Apraxia of Speech Association for their important contribution to our community. TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM LEWIS 
TROGDON 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize William Lewis Trogdon, also known as William Least Heat-Moon, an author and native Missourian who was recently awarded for his Distinguished Literary Achievement by the Missouri Humanities Council. 
The Missouri Humanities Council (MHC) 
promotes humanities education and engages the public in dialogue about important issues, bridging the gap between ideas and participatory democracy. Each year MHC rec-ognizes Missouri authors producing exemplary literary works that make a significant contribu-tion to our understanding and appreciation of Missouri’s history and culture. Mr. Heat- Moon’s body of work displays poignant ac-counts of traveling through rural America whether by car, boat, or foot with a particular emphasis on Missouri’s local geography. His book Blue Highways: A Journey Into America records his trip through rural towns across 38 states, and was a New York Times Bestseller for 42 weeks. 
As a former teacher, I understand the im-
portance of arts and humanities education in shaping our understanding of history and cul-ture. Again, I would like to congratulate Mr. Heat-Moon for his lifetime of literary achieve-ments and his artistic contributions to the state of Missouri, and express my desire that other authors follow Mr. Heat-Moon’s footsteps, ex-emplifying Missouri’s culture in their literary and creative works. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, April 29, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making ap-
propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Madam Chair, 
today I rise in support of the over 180,000 brave veterans in Harris County, Texas who answered the call to duty when America need-ed them most and urge my colleagues to make much needed changes to the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that honor America’s promise to all of our nation’s veterans. 
The MilCon-VA funding bill has traditionally 
been bipartisan and without controversy. Just last year MilCon passed the House by a mar-gin of 416–1. 
This year, unfortunately, this must-pass leg-
islation fails to fully fund critical priorities for our veterans and the American people, includ-ing veterans’ medical care and military and VA construction. 
Nearly every major national Veteran Service 
Organizations, including the Veterans of For-eign Wars, Disabled American Veterans, and the American Legion, agree and have called on the House to reconsider this legislation and fully fund the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
Yesterday, the national commander of the 
VFW said that ‘‘the nationwide crisis in care and confidence that erupted in the VA last year was caused in many ways by the lack of adequate resourcing that only Congress is au-thorized to provide. That’s why the VFW is de-manding that the House amend this bill to ap-propriate a funding level that fully funds VA.’’ 
The national commander for the American 
Legion voiced similar feelings last week when he called for Congress and the White House to put political gamesmanship aside and fully fund Veterans Affairs. 
Madam Chair, I do not recall ever voting 
against a VA funding bill. Unfortunately, as currently written I cannot vote for this bill and call on my colleagues to demand that the VA be fully funded. 
The current funding shortfall for our vet-
erans and military construction, which have al-ways been supported by Democrats and Re-publicans, further highlights the pressing need for Congress to end the sequestration cuts. We simply cannot continue suffocating essen-tial programs that support our servicemembers and veterans protect working families and our most vulnerable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A30AP8.042 E30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D472 Thursday, April 30, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2543–S2592 
Measures Introduced: Forty bills and eleven resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1139–1178, S. Res. 156–165, and S. Con. Res. 14.
        Pages S2567–68 
Measures Reported: 
S. 993, to increase public safety by facilitating 
collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves.
                                                             Page S2566 
Measures Passed: 
Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu National Blue 
Alert Act: Senate passed S. 665, to encourage, en-
hance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connec-tion with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received.
                                 Pages S2587–89 
Silver Star Service Banner Day: Committee on 
Armed Services was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 136, expressing support for the designation of May 1, 2015, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2589 
Cultural and Historic Significance of the Cinco 
de Mayo Holiday: Senate agreed to S. Res. 158, rec-
ognizing the cultural and historic significance of the Cinco de Mayo holiday.
                                          Page S2589 
National 9-1-1 Education Month: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 159, designating April 2015, as ‘‘National 9-1-1 Education Month’’.
                                      Page S2589 
Public Service Recognition Week: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 160, expressing the sense of the Senate that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United 
States during Public Service Recognition Week. 
                                                                                            Page S2589 
Financial Literacy Month: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 161, designating April 2015 as ‘‘Financial Lit-eracy Month’’.
                                                              Page S2589 
Alcohol Responsibility Month: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 162, supporting the goals and ideals of Alcohol Responsibility Month.
                                             Page S2589 
Earthquake in Nepal: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
163, expressing the sense of the Senate on the hu-manitarian catastrophe caused by the April 25, 2015, earthquake in Nepal.
                                 Page S2589 
Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Ameri-
cans: Senate agreed to S. Res. 164, designating April 
30, 2015, as Dia de los Ninos: Celebrating Young Americans.
                                                                     Page S2589 
World Malaria Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
165, supporting the goals and ideals of World Ma-laria Day.
                                                                       Page S2589 
Measures Considered: 
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency 
Responders Act: Senate continued consideration of 
H.R. 1191, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S2545–49 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S2545 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1179 (to Amend-
ment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agreement.
                         Page S2545 
Blunt Amendment No. 1155 (to Amendment No. 
1140), to extend the requirement for annual Depart-ment of Defense reports on the military power of Iran.
                                                                                  Page S2545 
Vitter Modified Amendment No. 1186 (to 
Amendment No. 1179), to require an assessment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D473 April 30, 2015 
verification system as they relate to a nuclear agree-
ment with Iran.                                                           Page S2545 
Cotton Amendment No. 1197 (to the language 
proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1140), of a perfecting nature.
                                             Page S2549 
Cotton (for Rubio) Amendment No. 1198 (to 
Amendment No. 1197), to require a certification that Iran’s leaders have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state.
                          Page S2549 
Veto Messages: 
National Labor Relations Board Veto Message— 
Agreement: Senate began consideration of the veto 
message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures.
                                    Pages S2549–59 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, May 4, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the veto message to accompany the joint resolution. 
                                                                                            Page S2590 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report to the 
United States Congress supporting the underlying objectives of the recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission (the ‘‘Commission’’); which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (PM–15) 
                                                                                    Pages S2564–65 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
22 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 20 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
5 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine 
Corps, and Navy.
                                  Pages S2589–90, S2592 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Patricia Nelson Limerick, of Colorado, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018. 
Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator of the 
United States Agency for International Development. 
Julie Helene Becker, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
Steven M. Wellner, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen 
years. 
William Ward Nooter, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
Robert A. Salerno, of the District of Columbia, to 
be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia for the term of fifteen years. 
Todd Sunhwae Kim, of the District of Columbia, 
to be an Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals for the term of fifteen years. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2590–92 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2565 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2565 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2565–66 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S2566 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S2566–67 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2569–70 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2570–83 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2563–64 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2583–87 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2587 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:07 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 4, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2590.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates for fiscal year 2016 for the National Institutes of Health, after receiving testimony from Francis S. Collins, Director, Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institute of Al-lergy and Infectious Diseases, Douglas Lowy, Acting Director, National Cancer Institute, Gary Gibbons, Director, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, Jon Lorsch, Director, National Institute of General Medical Sciences, and Tom Insel, Director, National Institute of Mental Health, all of the National Insti-tutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D474 April 30, 2015 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nomination of Peter Levine, of Maryland, to be Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, and 361 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine United States European Com-mand programs and budget in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from General Philip M. Breedlove, USAF, Commander, U.S. European Command, and Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, Department of Defense. 
INSURANCE CAPITAL RULES AND FSOC 
PROCESS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment concluded a hearing to examine insurance cap-ital rules and Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) process, including S. 798, to provide for no-tice to, and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, after receiving testimony from Robert M. Falzon, Prudential Financial, New-ark, New Jersey, on behalf of the American Council of Life Insurers and the American Insurance Associa-tion; Kurt Bock, COUNTRY Financial, Bloom-ington, Illinois, on behalf of the National Associa-tion of Mutual Insurance Companies and the Prop-erty Casualty Insurers Association of America; and Daniel Schwarcz, University of Minnesota Law School, Minneapolis. 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 703, to reauthor-ize the weatherization and State energy programs, S. 720, to promote energy savings in residential build-ings and industry, S. 858, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the in-creased use of performance contracting in Federal fa-cilities, S. 523, to coordinate the provision of energy retrofitting assistance to schools, S. 600, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy effi-ciency retrofit pilot program, S. 723, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to provide guidance on utility energy service contracts used by Federal agencies, S. 869, to improve energy perform-ance in Federal buildings, S. 878, to establish a State residential building energy efficiency upgrades loan pilot program, S. 886, to amend the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 to provide for a smart energy and water efficiency pilot program, S. 888, to promote Federal- State partnerships for developing regional energy strategies and plans to mitigate risks in changing energy systems, S. 893, to establish an Energy Pro-ductivity Innovation Challenge (EPIC) to assist en-ergy policy innovation in the States to promote the goal of doubling electric and thermal energy produc-tivity by January 1, 2030, S. 939, to require the evaluation and consolidation of duplicative green building programs within the Department of En-ergy, S. 1029, to amend the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act to prohibit the Secretary of Energy from prescribing a final rule amending the efficiency standards for residential non-weatherized gas furnaces or mobile home furnaces until an analysis has been completed, S. 1038, to clarify that no express or im-plied warranty is provided by reason of a disclosure relating to voluntary participation in the Energy Star program, S. 1039, to require certain agencies to con-duct assessments of data centers and develop data center consolidation and optimization plans to achieve energy cost savings, S. 1044, to enhance con-sumer access to electricity information and allow for the adoption of innovative products and services to help consumers manage their energy usage, S. 1046, to accelerate the adoption of smart building tech-nologies in the private sector and key Federal agen-cies, S. 1047, to require the Secretary of Energy to review rulemaking proceedings of other Federal agencies for the potential to cause an adverse effect on the cost, time, or difficulty of complying with energy efficiency regulations, guidelines, or stand-ards, S. 1048, to remove the authority of the Sec-retary of Energy to amend or issue new energy effi-ciency standards for ceiling fans, S. 1052, to require a study on the impact of State and local performance benchmarking and disclosure policies for commercial and multifamily buildings, to provide for competi-tive awards to utilities, States, and units of local government, S. 1053, to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to promote alternative fueled vehicle fleets and infrastructure, and S. 1063, to amend title VI of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal energy ef-ficiency resource standard for electricity and natural gas suppliers, after receiving testimony from Kath-leen Hogan, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Energy for Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy; Gene Therriault, Alaska En-ergy Authority, Anchorage, on behalf of the Na-tional Association of State Energy Officials; Tony Crasi, The Crasi Company, Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, on behalf of the National Association of Home Builders; and Ted Gayer, Brookings Institution, and Steven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D475 April 30, 2015 
Nadel, American Council for an Energy-Efficient 
Economy, both of Washington, D.C. 
HYDRAULIC FRACTURING 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-
committee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining concluded a hearing to examine the Bureau of Land 
Management’s final rule on hydraulic fracturing, after receiving testimony from Neil Kornze, Direc-tor, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; Mark Watson, Wyoming Oil and Gas Con-servation Commission State Oil and Gas Supervisor, Casper; Bruce Baizel, Earthworks, Durango, Colo-rado; and Kathleen Sgamma, Western Energy Alli-ance, Denver, Colorado. BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 993, to increase public safety by fa-cilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 72 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2123–2194; and 7 resolutions, H. 
Res. 236–242 were introduced.                  Pages H2766–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2772–73 
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H.J. Res. 43, disapproving the action of the Dis-
trict of Columbia Council in approving the Repro-ductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (H. Rept. 114–99);
                                Page H2766 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Carter (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2659 
Discharge Petition: Representative Heck (WA) pre-
sented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Com-mittee on Financial Services from the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1031, to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank of the United States, and for other pur-poses (Discharge Petition No. 1). 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:21 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2668 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Michael Siegel, Anshe Emet Synagogue, Chicago, Illinois.
                              Page H2668 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 175 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 182.
                                                                          Pages H2684–85 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Capitol, and Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congres-sional events surrounding the visit of His Holi-
ness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 43, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds, the rotunda of the Capitol, and Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Cap-itol.
                                                                                   Page H2685 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The House 
continued consideration of H.R. 2028, making ap-propriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration is expected to resume to-morrow, May 1.
          Pages H2685–94, H2710–27, H2742–64 
Agreed to: 
Jackson Lee amendment that redirects $1,000,000 
in funding within the Departmental Administration account;
                                                                  Pages H2692–94 
Fortenberry amendment that increases, by offset, 
funding for Defense Nuclear Non-Proliferation by $13,802,000;
                                                       Pages H2712–14 
Langevin amendment that increases the funding 
for the Naval Reactor account by $2,426,000 and re-duces funding for the Federal Salaries and Expenses by $2,500,000;
                                                   Pages H2715–19 
McKinley amendment that prohibits the use of 
the funds to transform the National Energy Tech-nology Laboratory into a government-owned, con-tractor-operated laboratory, or to consolidate or close the National Energy Technology Laboratory; 
                                                                                            Page H2719 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D476 April 30, 2015 
Babin amendment (No. 3 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of April 27, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds under the heading ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ from being made available to 
enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran ex-cept for contracts or agreements that require the Is-lamic Republic of Iran to cease the pursuit, acquisi-tion, and development of nuclear weapons tech-nology;
                                                                    Pages H2719–20 
Engel amendment (No. 7 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of April 29, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to lease or purchase new light duty ve-hicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum;
                                                     Pages H2722–23 
Dent amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standard Ceil-ing Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H2726–27 
Napolitano amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of section 2101 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) or section 210 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986;
                  Page H2727 
Stivers amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound;
                                                                             Page H2727 
Burgess amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement or enforce the standards estab-lished by tables contained in section 325(i)(1)(B) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandes-cent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes and 189 noes, Roll No. 207);
                                 Pages H2724–26, H2750–51 
Barton amendment that increases, by offset, fund-
ing for the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works by $30,000,000;
                                 Pages H2751–52 
Abraham amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement Executive Order 13690 and Federal Flood Risk Management Standard; 
                                                                                    Pages H2752–53 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.); 
                                                                                    Pages H2753–54 
DelBene amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds for the purchase of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base;
                  Pages H2755–56 Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for the removal of any Federally owned or operated dam;
                                                                                 Page H2756 
Grayson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enter into contracts with individuals con-victed of fraud;
                                                   Pages H2756–57 
Blackburn amendment (No. 13 printed in the 
Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that pro-hibits the use of funds to finalize, promulgate, or en-force the DOE’s proposed rule entitled ‘‘Energy Con-servation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Furnaces’’; and
                                                                                    Page H2759 
Luetkemeyer amendment (No. 16 printed in the 
Congressional Record of April 29, 2015) that pro-hibits the use of funds for the Missouri River Eco-system Restoration Program (MRERP).
        Page H2761 
Rejected: 
Heck (NV) amendment that sought to increase 
funding for Nuclear Energy by $75,000,000 and to zero out funding for Nuclear Waste Disposal; 
                                                                                            Page H2686 
Titus amendment that sought to reduce funding 
for Nuclear Waste Disposal by $150,000,000 and apply the savings to the spending reduction account; 
                                                                                    Pages H2689–91 
Garamendi amendment that sought to reduce 
funds for Defense Nuclear Non-Proliferation by $125,000,000 and increase funds for Environmental and other Defense activities, Defense Environmental clean up by the same amount;
                    Pages H2714–15 
McClintock amendment that sought to reduce 
funding for sundry accounts and to apply the aggre-
gate savings of $128,920,000 to the spending reduc-tion account (by a recorded vote of 126 ayes to 295 noes, Roll No. 195);
                                                Page H2743 
Ruiz amendment that sought to increase funding 
for Water and Related Resources by $5,000,000 and to reduce funding for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $2,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 196);
    Pages H2743–44 
Griffith amendment that sought to increase fund-
ing for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $5,000,000 and to reduce funding for Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy by a similar amount (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 197);
                                                                       Page H2744 
Swalwell (CA) amendment that sought to increase 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $25,500,000 and to reduce funding for Fossil En-ergy by $34,000,000 (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 248 noes, Roll No. 198);
                        Pages H2744–45 
Byrne amendment that sought to zero out funding 
for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and to apply the savings of $1,657,774,000 to the spending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D30AP5.REC D30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D477 April 30, 2015 
reduction account (by a recorded vote of 139 ayes to 
282 noes, Roll No. 199);                               Pages H2745–46 
McClintock amendment that sought to zero out 
funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable En-ergy, reduce Nuclear Energy by $691,886,000, and zero out funding for Fossil Energy and to apply the aggregate savings of $2,954,660,000 to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 110 ayes to 311 noes, Roll No. 200);
                                      Page H2746 
Ellison amendment that sought to reduce funding 
for Fossil Energy Research and Development by $45,000,000 and apply the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 201);
           Pages H2686–88, H2746–47 
Swalwell (CA) amendment that sought to increase 
funding for Advanced Research Projects Agency— Energy (ARPA–E) by $20,000,000 and reduce fund-ing for Departmental Administration by a similar amount (by a recorded vote of 202 ayes to 219 noes, Roll No. 202);
                                 Pages H2691–92, H2747–48 
Quigley amendment that sought to apply 
$167,050,000 to the savings reduction account for the new nuclear arm cruise missile (by a recorded vote of 164 ayes to 257 noes, Roll No. 203); 
                                                                            Pages H2711, H2748 
Garamendi amendment that sought to reduce the 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities National Nuclear Security Administration, Weapons Activities Ac-count by $25,000,000 and apply the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 149 ayes to 272 noes, Roll No. 204); 
                                                                Pages H2711–12, H2748–49 
Hudson amendment that sought to reduce funds 
in the bill by 11.1208 percent except for National Nuclear Security Administration, Environmental and Defense Activities, and Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board (by a recorded vote of 143 ayes to 278 noes, Roll No. 205);
                    Pages H2721–22, H2749–50 
Sanford amendment that sought to zero out the 
funding for the Advanced Technology Vehicles Man-ufacturing Loan Program and to prohibit the use of funds to provide a loan under the Energy Independ-ence and Security Act of 2007 (by a recorded vote of 171 ayes to 250 noes, Roll No. 206); and 
                                                                      Pages H2723–24, H2750 
Castro amendment that sought to prohibit the use 
of funds in excess of $276,117,000 for additional funding for ongoing work on Flood and Storm Dam-age Reduction projects.
                                  Pages H2757–59 
Withdrawn: 
Flores amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Science by $2,500,000 and reduced funding for Salaries and Expenses of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission by $25,000,000; and
                    Page H2688 Foster amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Science Activities by $239,749,000 and re-duced funding for National Nuclear Security Weap-ons Activities by a similar amount.
         Pages H2688–89 
Point of Order sustained against: 
Babin amendment (No. 4 printed in the Congres-
sional Record of April 27, 2015) that sought to pro-hibit the use of funds under the heading ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ from being used to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Fed-eral assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran except for contracts or agreements that include authority for the International Atomic Energy Agency to conduct anytime, anywhere inspections of civil and military sites within the Islamic Republic of Iran; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2720–21 
Cleaver amendment that sought to provide that 
total project costs in section 902 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 shall not apply with respect to any project that receives funds made available by title I of this Act.
                           Page H2724 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Rothfus (No. 5 printed in the Congressional 
Record of April 29, 2015) that seeks to prohibit use of funds to apply the report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquified Natural Gas from the United States’’ in any public interest determination under the Natural Gas Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H2754–55 
Gosar (No. 10 printed in the Congressional 
Record of April 29, 2015) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program; 
                                                                                            Page H2757 
Blackburn (No. 12 printed in the Congressional 
Record of April 29, 2015) that seeks to reduce fund-ing in the bill by 1 percent across-the-board; 
                                                                                    Pages H2759–61 
McClintock that seeks to prohibit the use of funds 
for the purchase of water to supplement or enhance instream water flow requirements in California; 
                                                                                    Pages H2761–62 
LaMalfa that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to 
implement, administer, or enforce the requirement in the Code of Federal Regulations, that activities identified in the Federal Water Pollution Control Act must be established or ongoing in order to re-ceive an exemption under the Act; and 
                                                                                    Pages H2762–63 
LaMalfa that seeks to prohibit use of funds to de-
liver water to the Trinity River above the minimum requirements of the Trinity Record of Decision or to supplement flows in the Klamath River. 
                                                                                    Pages H2763–64 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D478 April 30, 2015 
H. Res. 223, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to yesterday, April 29th. 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:26 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5:40 p.m.
                                                   Page H2702 
Congressional Budget Resolution FY 2016: The 
House agreed to the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, by a yea-and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 197 nays, Roll No. 183.
                                      Pages H2761–84, H2694–H2702 
H. Res. 231, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1732), the conference report to ac-company the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 181, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 
180.
                                                                          Pages H2683–84 
A point of order was raised against the consider-
ation of H. Res. 231 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas 174 nays, Roll No. 179. 
                                                                                    Pages H2672–74 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House passed H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 255 yeas to 163 nays, Roll No. 193. Consideration began yesterday, April 29th.
                       Pages H2702–10 
Rejected the Kirkpatrick motion to recommit the 
bill to the Committee on Appropriations with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 192.
      Pages H2708–10 
Rejected: 
Van Hollen amendment that was debated on 
April 29th that sought to strike the pending para-graph pertaining to the Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 229 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 184);
                                                                                 Page H2703 
Mulvaney amendment that was debated on April 
29th that sought to strike the pending paragraph pertaining to the Military Construction, Air Force (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 229 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 185);
       Pages H2703–04 
Mulvaney amendment that was debated on April 
29th that sought to strike the pending paragraph pertaining to the Military Construction, Defense- Wide (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 231 noes 
with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 186); 
                                                                                    Pages H2704–05 
Nadler amendment that was debated on April 
29th that sought to strike section 512 from the bill pertaining to the United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba (by a recorded vote of 167 ayes to 254 noes, Roll No. 187);
                                Page H2705 
Blumenauer amendment that was debated on 
April 29th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce Veterans Health Administration directive 2011–004 with re-spect to the prohibition on ‘‘VA providers for com-pleting forms seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a State mari-juana program’’ (by a recorded vote of 210 ayes to 213 noes, Roll No. 188);
                              Pages H2705–06 
Pocan amendment that was debated on April 29th 
that sought to prohibit the use of funds to enter into a contract with any person whose disclosures of a proceeding with a disposition listed in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information Sys-tem include the term ‘‘Fair Labor Standards Act’’ (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 189);
                                                                         Pages H2706–07 
Hice (GA) amendment that was debated on April 
29th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to pay a Federal Employee for any period of time during which such employee is using official time under U.S. Code (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 190); and
                                       Page H2707 
King (IA) amendment (No. 3 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of April 28, 2015) that was de-bated on April 29th that sought to prohibit the use of funds to implement, administer, or enforce the prevailing wage requirements under what is com-monly known as the Davis-Bacon Act (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 191). 
                                                                                    Pages H2707–08 
H. Res. 223, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2028) and (H.R. 2029) was agreed to yesterday, April 29th. 
Disapproving the action of the District of Co-
lumbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014: The House passed H.J. Res. 43, disapproving 
the action of the District of Columbia Council in ap-proving the Reproductive Health Non-Discrimina-tion Amendment Act of 2014, by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 192 nays, Roll No. 194. 
                                                                                    Pages H2727–42 
H. Res. 231, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 1732), the conference report to ac-company the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11), and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D479 April 30, 2015 
181, after the previous question was ordered by a 
yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 180.
                                                                          Pages H2683–84 
A point of order was raised against the consider-
ation of H. Res. 231 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas 174 nays, Roll No. 179. 
                                                                                    Pages H2672–74 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress of the rec-ommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission—referred to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–30).
                                   Page H2765 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Five yea-and-nay votes and 
23 recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2673–74, H2683–84, H2684, H2702, H2703, H2703–04, H2704–05, H2705, H2705–06, H2706–07, H2707, H2707–08, H2709–10, H2710, H2742, H2743, H2743–44, H2744, H2744–45, H2745–46, H2746, H2747, H2747–48, H2748, H2748–49, H2749–50, H2750 and H2750–51. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:48 a.m. on Friday, May 1st. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2088, the ‘‘United States Grains Standards Act Reauthorization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2051, the ‘‘Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2051 was ordered reported, as amend-ed. H.R. 2088 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. H.R. 1735 was ordered reported, as amended. 
IMPROVING COLLEGE ACCESS AND 
COMPLETION FOR LOW-INCOME AND FIRST-GENERATION STUDENTS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Higher Education and Workforce Training held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving College 
Access and Completion for Low-Income and First- Generation Students’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING ON 21ST CENTURY 
CURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Hearing on 21st Century Cures’’. Testimony was heard from Kathy Hudson, Deputy Director for Science, Out-reach, and Policy, National Institutes of Health; Janet Woodcock, Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Food and Drug Adminis-tration; and Jeff Shuren, Director of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug Administration. 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DISCUSSION DRAFT AND TITLE IV ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve Discussion Draft and Title IV Energy Efficiency’’. Testimony was heard from Chris-topher A. Smith, Assistant Secretary for Fossil En-ergy, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. 
FCC REAUTHORIZATION: IMPROVING 
COMMISSION TRANSPARENCY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Improving Commission Transparency’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, Federal Communications Com-mission; and Mike O’Rielly, Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission. 
REGIONAL IMPACT OF U.S. POLICY 
TOWARDS IRAQ AND SYRIA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Regional Impact of U.S. Policy Towards Iraq and Syria’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
BANGLADESH’S FRACTURE: POLITICAL 
AND RELIGIOUS EXTREMISM 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Bangladesh’s Fracture: Political and Religious Extremism’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Nov 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\APR 15\D30AP5.REC D30AP5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D480 April 30, 2015 
MIGRATION CRISIS: OVERSIGHT OF THE 
ADMINISTRATION’S PROPOSED $1 BILLION REQUEST FOR CENTRAL AMERICA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Migra-tion Crisis: Oversight of the Administration’s Pro-posed $1 Billion Request for Central America’’. Tes-timony was heard from Scott Hamilton, Central America Director, Bureau of Western Hemisphere 
Affairs, Department of State; William R. Brownfield, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, De-partment of State; Paloma Adams-Allen, Deputy As-sistant Administrator, Latin America and the Carib-bean Bureau, U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment; Alan D. Bersin, Assistant Secretary and Chief Diplomatic Officer, Office of Policy, Department of Homeland Security; and Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, USA, Military Deputy Commander, U.S. Southern Command, Department of Defense. 
ALLEGATIONS OF SPECIAL ACCESS AND 
POLITICAL INFLUENCE AT THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Allegations of Special Access and Political Influence at the Department of Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from Alejandro Mayorkas, Deputy Secretary, Department of Home-land Security. 
A REVIEW OF ACCESS CONTROL MEASURES 
AT OUR NATION’S AIRPORTS, PART II 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Access Control Measures at Our Nation’s Airports, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Melvin Carraway, Acting Administrator, Transportation Se-curity Administration, Department of Homeland Se-curity; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 2048, the ‘‘USA FREEDOM Act of 2015’’. H.R. 2048 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 774, the ‘‘Illegal, Unre-ported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1214, the ‘‘National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1335, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and In-creasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 1991, the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation En-hancement Act Extension Act of 2015’’. The fol-lowing bills were ordered reported, as amended: 
H.R. 774, H.R. 1214, and H.R. 1335. The fol-lowing bill was ordered reported, without amend-ment: H.R. 1991. 
EPA MISMANAGEMENT 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Mis-management’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Environmental Protection Agency officials: Arthur Elkins, Inspector General, Office of Inspector General; Patrick Sullivan, Assistant Inspector Gen-eral for Investigations, Office of Inspector General; Stanley Meiburg, Acting Deputy Administrator; and John Reeder, Deputy Chief of Staff. 
EXAMINING THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK’S 
MANDATES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and the Subcommittee on Monetary Pol-icy and Trade of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Export-Import Bank’s Mandates’’. Testimony was heard from Fred Hochberg, Chairman and President, Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 2039, the ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act for 2016 and 2017’’. H.R. 2039 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 1987, the ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1642, to designate the building utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Green-ville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; and General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions. H.R. 1987 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 1642 and the General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-gram Resolutions were ordered reported, without amendment. 
BUSINESS MEETING; EXAMINING ACCESS 
AND QUALITY OF CARE AND SERVICES FOR WOMEN VETERANS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
business meeting to consider a motion to issue a subpoena to the Department of Veterans Affairs, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D481 April 30, 2015 
produce complete MSPB and EEO files from the Re-
gional Office in Philadelphia to the House Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Access and Quality of Care and Services for Women Veterans’’. A motion that the Com-mittee authorize the issuance of a subpoena duces tecum to Robert A. McDonald, Secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, for the Department of Veterans Affairs to produce complete copies of all Merit Systems Protection Board and Equal Employ-ment Opportunity files of the Philadelphia Regional Benefit Office from December 31, 2008, to present was adopted. Testimony was heard from Patricia Hayes, Chief Consultant for Women’s Health Serv-ices, Office of Patient Care Services, Veterans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
NEXT STEPS FOR WELFARE REFORM: 
IDEAS TO IMPROVE TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE FOR NEEDY FAMILIES TO HELP MORE FAMILIES FIND WORK AND ESCAPE POVERTY 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Human Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for Welfare Reform: Ideas to Improve Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families to Help More Families Find Work and Escape Poverty’’. Testimony was heard from Eloise Anderson, Co-Chair of the Secretaries’ Innovation Group, Secretary of the Wis-consin Department of Children and Families; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MAY 1, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘What is the Federal Government Doing to Combat the Opioid Abuse Epidemic?’’, 9 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
Microbeads in Cosmetic Products’’, 9:15 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’’, 9:15 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.J. Res. 45, the ‘‘Victims’ Rights Amendment’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Sub-
committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Is the Railroad Retirement Board Doing Enough to Pro-tect Against Fraud?’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Innovations in Battery Stor-age for Renewable Energy’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD482 April 30, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, May 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the veto message to accompany S.J. Res. 8, National Labor Relations Board, with a vote on or in relation to the veto message to accompany the joint resolution ex-pected at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, May 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
2028—Energy and Water Appropriations Act, 2016. Consideration of H.R. 1732—Regulatory Integrity Pro-tection Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Boehner, John A., Ohio, E623 
Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E628, E631, E633 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E625 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E635 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E631 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E627 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E623 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E631 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E629 Foster, Bill, Ill., E629, E630 Gibson, Christopher P., N.Y., E633 Gohmert, Louie, Tex., E627 Green, Gene, Tex., E638 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E638 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E626 Kato, John, N.Y., E623, E626 
Keating, William R., Mass., E629 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E624 Langevin, James R., R.I., E637 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E626 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E628 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E627 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E635, E636 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E626 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E637 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E624 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E631 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E633 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E632 erry, Scott, Pa., E635 Reichert, David G., Wash., E632 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E638 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E637 
Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E627 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E629 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E624 Smith, Adam, Wash., E628, E629, E630, E631, E633 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E634 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E630 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E635 Titus, Dina, Nev., E636 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E632 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E636 
Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E624, E625 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E623 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E632 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E626 Young, David, Iowa, E630 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:40 May 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D30AP5.REC D30APPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST