Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8623 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2015 No. 181 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, December 15, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , DECEMBER 14, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, who knows what is best 
for us, have Your way in our Nation and world. Release the power of Your providence on Capitol Hill, using our lawmakers to bring peace on Earth and good will to humankind. 
Lord, inspire them with Your wisdom 
in both their public and private lives, creating in them a desire to please You in all they do. May their first alle-
giance always be to You. Deliver them from that extreme hubris that sees itself as always right. Help them in-stead to remember that more can be accomplished by striving to unite rath-er than divide. 
We pray in Your wonderful Name. 
Amen. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.000 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8624 December 14, 2015 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS AND TAX 
RELIEF NEGOTIATIONS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
Members and staff from both parties are continuing their work on appro-priations and on the tax relief measure. As we all know, they have made a lot of progress in recent days. I want to thank all who have been involved in this effort as it continues. We will con-tinue to consult and engage with col-leagues as we make further progress on these last two significant items we must complete this year. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
OMNIBUS AND TAX EXTENDERS 
NEGOTIATIONS 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I want 
to underscore what the Republican leader has said: Everyone is working hard toward a bipartisan compromise in the omnibus and the so-called tax extenders legislation. Many of us in the Senate and the House and our staffs worked through the weekend and have made a lot of progress. We are not there yet. 
Keeping the Federal Government 
open and funded is a congressional re-sponsibility. I am confident we will ful-fill this most basic constitutional duty. It is just a question of when we do it. I hope it is sooner rather than later. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE CHANGE 
AGREEMENT 
Mr. REID. Madam President, this 
past weekend President Obama and the United States took yet another his-toric step in addressing climate change. The landmark agreement forged in Paris by the United States and about 200 other nations will go far in protecting our planet for future gen-erations. 
Climate change poses one of the 
greatest threats our world has ever known. Here in the United States, we are beginning to see the devastation caused by all kinds of things—in the Western part of the United States, rag-ing wildfires that we have never, ever seen before; in arid places like Nevada and in very, very non-arid places like 
in the mountains of California, Wash-ington, and Oregon, rising sea levels; our military bases, coastal bases— those in Virginia and Florida—are feel-ing this impact, changing operation of the bases, with extreme weather and droughts. Now is the time to act to stem the tide of climate change. 
I applaud President Obama for his 
work on this issue. His leadership has inspired the international community to address climate change and its cata-strophic effects. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL 
ROBERT T. HERBERT 
Mr. REID. Madam President, on a 
note that I feel important to make for my staff and me, it is important to rec-ognize the accomplishments of every-one here in Washington, here on Cap-itol Hill, here in the Senate; it is im-portant to recognize the accomplish-ments of our staff. We have such re-markably dedicated people. I am so proud of my staff. They have worked this past week tirelessly. 
I want to talk today, though, about 
just one of those who has worked for me. His name is BG Robert T. Herbert. He came to me as a congressional fel-low two decades ago, and he never left. He was so good. This month marks the 40th year of General Herbert’s service in the United States Armed Forces. In 1975, he joined the Army and embarked on a remarkable military career. He grew up in a military family and al-ways dreamed of becoming a military aviator. He made that dream a reality, logging over 7,000 flight hours in all different kinds of aircraft—fixed-wing and rotary—spending time in virtually every aircraft within the United States Army inventory. 
As with all pilots, as they get a little 
older and have different assignments, they just can’t stand the fact that they can’t fly as they used to. So he no 
longer spends his days in the cockpit when he does his duties at the National Guard. He is Special Assistant to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau for National Security Policy here in Wash-ington. He previously worked as Ne-vada’s assistant adjunct general. 
I am grateful for Bob’s service to our 
Nation. A 40-year military career is an incredible achievement. But I am also thankful for his work here in the Sen-ate. He has been a tireless worker for the people of Nevada and for the coun-try. 
Congratulations to BG Robert T. Her-
bert on this important milestone, and I look forward to his many other accom-plishments as Bob’s illustrious career continues. 
Would the Presiding Officer an-
nounce to the Senate what we are going to be doing the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING DANIEL CAPUANO 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, it is 
with a heavy heart that I rise today to speak about the loss of one of the brav-est men in the Chicago Fire Depart-ment, Daniel Capuano. 
Daniel went to work this morning— 
just as he has done every day for the past 15 years—ready to fight fires and risk his life to save the lives of others. Not many people can say they wake up each day ready to make that sacrifice, but this morning, Daniel Capuano did just that. 
At 2:40 a.m. today, Daniel Capuano 
and his fellow firefighters were con-tacted about a warehouse fire in the 9200 block of South Baltimore Avenue on the South Side of Chicago. Daniel and the other firefighters were imme-diately dispatched to the scene. The warehouse was undergoing construc-tion, and because of that, there were reports of holes in the floors. When they got there, they saw billowing smoke coming out of the vacant three- story warehouse. Firefighter Capuano and his team moved cautiously through the second floor of the ware-house in search of the cause of the fire, but the heavy, thick smoke made it nearly impossible to see, causing Capu-ano to fall through an elevator shaft from the second floor of the building to the basement. His fellow firefighters were able to find him quickly and get him on an ambulance and to a nearby hospital. Sadly, it was too late. By the time he arrived at the hospital, he was already in serious condition. At 4:25 a.m. this morning, Daniel Capuano was pronounced dead from trauma. 
It is times like these when we are re-
minded of just how dangerous the job these men and women face every day really is. Daniel Capuano spent his en-tire career putting the safety of his community before his own. For 15 years he served the Chicago Fire De-partment fighting and eliminating fires while pulling others to safety. Be-fore that, he was a firefighter in Ever-green Park, a Chicago suburb. 
Daniel Capuano is a true hero who 
made the ultimate sacrifice to make the residents of his community and neighborhood safe. Daniel’s death is a devastating loss and serves as a re-minder of the risk our firefighters and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.008 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8625 December 14, 2015 
other first responders take every day. 
My condolences and prayers are with his wife Julie; his three children, Nich-olas, Andrew, and Amanda; and his fel-low firefighters. 
Daniel, you are a hero to me and to 
the people of Chicago and Illinois. There are no words to truly describe the sorrow for your loss. I cannot, nor can anyone, thank you for the commit-ment you made for the safety of the people in your community. 
f 
FREEDOM OF RELIGION 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, it is 
interesting—the Midwest draws us to-gether in the right way. 
Last night in Springfield, IL, a typ-
ical midwestern American city, there was a gathering of people from all across the city at 5:30 on a Sunday night. It was a gathering at the Islamic Society of Springfield. A request had been made for people of all religions to come together and to pray in solidarity with our Islamic neighbors. It was billed as a peace rally originally sched-uled to be held outside, even in winter weather. Although it has been warm for this time of year, it was raining heavy last night as we all arrived at the building, so everyone crammed in-side the building. There was standing and sitting room only. It was a huge outpouring of support for our Muslim brothers and sisters in the Springfield community. 
There were representatives of vir-
tually every religion present, and many spoke—rabbis, ministers, Catho-lic nuns, and even a few elected offi-cials—trying to let our friends in the Muslim community know that despite some of the things that had been said over the last few weeks by Presidential candidates, we in fact embrace them as part of the American family. 
There was also an event this weekend 
that occurred far away from Spring-field, in Scottsdale, AZ, where my col-league in the Senate, J
EFF FLAKE of 
Arizona, visited a mosque. It was wide-ly reported. He made outstanding re-marks about the regret he felt over some of the political statements that had been made over the last several weeks by political candidates. J
EFF 
FLAKE reminded us across the Nation, 
as I tried to remind those in Spring-field last night, that America is a na-tion which values the freedom of reli-gious belief. 
Our Constitution speaks to only 
three elements when it comes to reli-gion and our government. First, it says that each of us has the freedom and lib-erty to choose our own religion or to choose no religion. Second, it says our government will never establish an of-ficial state religion. Third, in article VI, it says there will be no religious test in the United States of America of candidates for public office. 
It is hard to believe that those three 
simple thoughts have carried this Na-tion for more than two centuries when it comes to religion, but we have been successful. Our Nation has been suc-
cessful where others have failed. There have been times when we failed to live up to our own ideals and our own val-ues, and when hateful statements are made by Presidential candidates, it calls on us to remember our history and to remember triumphant moments and sad moments as well. 
It was May of 1939 when the ship SS 
St. Louis left Germany with 900 Jewish 
passengers. They were trying to escape Hitler and the Nazis. They went to Ha-vana, Cuba, and they were turned away. Then they came to Miami, FL, asking if they could be refugees, Jew-ish refugees, coming to the United States, and they were turned away as well. The 900 Jewish passengers went back to Germany. According to the records of the Holocaust Museum, 200 of them perished in the Holocaust. It was about that same time when Sen-ator Robert Wagner of New York of-fered a measure in the Senate—in this very Chamber—that our country would accept 10,000 Jewish children from Ger-many who were seeking to escape the Holocaust. Sadly, that measure was de-feated. 
We have other instances in history 
that go back to the beginning of our Nation where we have been challenged to live up to the ideals and principles of the Constitution. That challenge is with us again today. 
A candidate for President of the 
United States—of a major political party—has called for the exclusion of Muslims from being allowed to immi-grate into the United States. That is reprehensible, it is outrageous, and it is un-American. Members of both polit-ical parties in Congress have spoken out against it, as they should. 
We must remember that many of our 
Nation’s Founders fled religious perse-cution to come to this Nation. George Washington summed up the prevailing view when he said, ‘‘In this land of equal liberty, it is our boast, that a man’s religious tenets will not forfeit the protection of the laws.’’ That, of course, is included in the First Amend-ment to our Constitution. 
Throughout our history, many reli-
gious minorities have faced intoler-ance, often prejudice. It was once Catholics from Ireland, Italy, and my mother’s homeland of Lithuania who were questioned. Today American Mus-lims face the same threats of similar discrimination. 
In recent weeks a number of promi-
nent Republican leaders have made these threats. But I add quickly that there has been a greater number, thank goodness, who have spoken out against these statements, even on the Repub-lican side. 
One Presidential candidate compared 
Syrian refugees to ‘‘rabid dogs’’ and said that American Muslims should not be President of the United States. The frontrunner for the Republican nomi-nation called for a ‘‘total and com-plete’’ ban on Muslim immigrants com-ing to the United States and advocated for closing down their places of wor-
ship. These comments are reprehen-sible and do not reflect who we are as a nation. 
These comments also don’t reflect 
the vital role that millions of Muslim Americans play in my hometown of Springfield, IL, and across the United States. There are American Muslims who are teachers, professors, doctors, police officers, first responders, and members of the U.S. Armed Forces. 
I am concerned that the anti-Muslim 
rhetoric we have heard in recent weeks could alienate the Muslim community and harm the important relationship between the community and Federal law enforcement. 
Last night, as I was leaving the gath-
ering in Springfield, a mother pulled me aside and said she feared for her daughter who wears a hijab—a veil— and who may be the subject of dis-crimination because of the things that have been said by some of these Presi-dential candidates. It is important for us to understand her feelings, the love of her children, just as we love our own children and grandchildren, and to also realize that the feelings of the Muslim Americans are truly part of our Na-tion. 
Last night we began the gathering in 
Springfield, IL, pledging allegiance to the flag—all of us—and singing ‘‘The Star-Spangled Banner.’’ Then the first person to make remarks in the Muslim community told us he had served in the U.S. Navy for 19 years. It is hard to imagine some of the hateful things that have been said in that context. 
In testimony before the Senate Intel-
ligence Committee in 2004—not long after 9/11—FBI Director Robert Mueller thanked the Muslim and Arab Amer-ican communities ‘‘for their assistance and for their ongoing commitment to preventing acts of terrorism.’’ It has been important to the United States. He went on to say: ‘‘All of us under-stand that the evolving threats we face today, and those we will face tomor-row, can only be defeated if we work together.’’ 
The current FBI Director, James 
Comey, spoke before a Senate Judici-ary Committee hearing last week and said: 
We’ve worked so hard over the last 15 years 
to build relationships of trust that allow us to find out who might be trouble and to stop it. That’s in everybody’s interest. And any-thing that gets in the way, that erodes that relationship of trust, is not a good thing. 
The inflammatory speeches we have 
heard create a fertile ground for dis-crimination. Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently denounced the ‘‘dis-turbing rise in anti-Muslim rhetoric’’ and stated that her ‘‘greatest fear as a prosecutor . . . is that the rhetoric will be accompanied by acts of violence.’’ 
Sitting next to me last night in 
Springfield was the U.S. attorney for the Central District of Illinois, James Lewis—a friend and someone I am very honored and proud to have nominated to the President for this position. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.010 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8626 December 14, 2015 
told me he spent the last several weeks 
traveling across Central Illinois, vis-iting Muslim mosques and assuring them that they were still part of Amer-ica and that they had the full protec-tion of the law. Nevertheless, there has been a dramatic increase of anti-Mus-lim bigotry since 9/11. In fear and anger, some Americans have wrongly struck out at Muslims. 
I had my differences with former 
President George W. Bush, but he showed real insight, wisdom, and lead-ership after 9/11 when he made it clear to America that our war was with ter-rorists who perverted the teachings of the Islamic religion, not with Muslims who were faithful to what he called ‘‘a faith based upon love, not hate.’’ Con-gress at that time spoke with a clear voice too. I cosponsored a resolution with John Sununu, a Republican from New Hampshire, who was then the only Arab American in the Senate. Our reso-lution condemned anti-Muslim, anti- Arab bigotry, and said that American Muslims are vibrant, peaceful, law- abiding, and greatly contribute to American society. That resolution passed both Chambers unanimously. I hope it would pass today. 
Earlier this decade, we saw another 
wave of anti-Muslim rhetoric and dis-crimination. In 2011 I chaired the first ever congressional hearing on the civil rights of American Muslims. That hearing documented an alarming in-crease of anti-Muslim bigotry. At the time, the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission found that Muslims accounted for approximately 25 percent of religious discrimination cases, al-though they were less than 1 percent of the population. Mary Jo O’Neill of the EEOC said: 
There’s a level of hatred and animosity 
that is shocking. I’ve been doing this for 31 years, and I’ve never seen such antipathy to-wards Muslim workers. 
Unfortunately, we are again experi-
encing an increase in anti-Muslim dis-crimination. Last week Oren Segal of the Anti-Defamation League said, ‘‘We’re definitely seeing anti-Muslim bigotry escalating around the coun-try.’’ 
In recent weeks vandals defaced a 
mosque near Austin, TX; a pig’s head was thrown on the doorstep of a Phila-delphia mosque; a man was arrested for breaking into a Florida mosque and damaging property; a sixth grade girl in New York City was allegedly called ‘‘ISIS’’ as a group of boys punched her and tried to remove her hijab; and on Thanksgiving day a Muslim cabdriver from Pittsburgh was shot in the back by a passenger who reportedly asked the driver about ISIS and whether he was a ‘‘Pakistani guy.’’ 
Just this weekend a man in Cali-
fornia was arrested and charged for a hate crime and arson after allegedly setting a fire in a mosque. 
Last week Representative A
NDRE´ 
CARSON —a Democrat from Indiana and 
one of the two American Muslims who serve in the U.S. Congress—received a death threat. Here is what Congress-
man C
ARSON said: 
You have other politicians who are joining 
the bandwagon and who are fanning the 
flames of bigotry. That concerns me because we’re putting people into the line of fire ex-posing them to death threats, discrimination at the workplace and assaults. 
These incidents of intimidation, hos-
tility, and violence impact the entire Muslim American community. They also play into our enemies’ warped views of the United States. Director Comey of the FBI noted last week that ‘‘the notion that the U.S. is anti-Mus-lim is part of ISIL’s narrative and Al Qaeda’s narrative.’’ 
It is important to note that not only 
Muslim Americans are being targeted. Bigots have also targeted Arab Ameri-cans, many of whom are Christian, and Hindus, and Sikhs. After 9/11, the first victim killed in the backlash was Balbir Singh Sodhi, a Sikh American, in Mesa, AZ. I submitted a resolution, which passed the Senate unanimously, condemning bigotry against Sikh Americans. 
In 2012, a White supremacist mur-
dered six Sikhs at a gurdwara in Oak Creek, WI. Following this terrorist at-tack, I chaired a hearing on hate crimes and the threat of domestic ex-tremism where we learned that the FBI wasn’t even tracking these crimes against Arab Americans, Hindu Ameri-cans, and Sikh Americans. I asked the FBI to change the policy, and they did. Clearly there is more work to be done. 
Last week, a vandal spray-painted 
anti-Muslim graffiti on a Sikh gurdwara in Buena Park, CA. In Sep-tember, a Sikh man in my home State of Illinois suffered a fractured cheek-bone after he was allegedly assaulted by a man who yelled ‘‘terrorist’’ and ‘‘go back to your country’’ at him. 
As we work to combat terrorism, we 
must also work to prevent and punish discrimination and hate-fueled vio-lence against Muslim Americans. The rights of Muslim Americans are just as important as the rights of Christians, Jews, followers of other faiths, and nonbelievers as well. 
We know the First Amendment pro-
tects both the free exercise of religion and the freedom of speech. But all of us, especially those of us in public life, have a responsibility to choose our words carefully. We must condemn bias and bigotry aimed at Muslim Ameri-cans and make it clear that we will not tolerate religious discrimination in the United States of America. We can pro-tect our Nation and still be true to the fundamental freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold that suggestion? 
Mr. DURBIN. Yes. 
f 
NOMINATION RETURNED TO THE 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pa-
pers with respect to Presidential Nomi-nation No. 742 having been returned 
from the White House, the nomination will be returned to the Calendar, pursu-ant to the order of November 30, 2015. 
Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read the nominations 
of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army; John Conger, of Mary-land, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense; Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; and Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, will 
the Presiding Officer inform me when I have used 7 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be notified when his time has expired. 
STARZAK NOMINATION  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, these are 
all able and capable individuals who have been nominated and approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee. I want to pay particular attention to the nomination of Alissa Starzak to be general counsel of the Department of the Army. I have had the pleasure of working with Ms. Starzak for several years in her current capacity as the deputy general counsel of the Depart-ment of Defense. She has done an ex-traordinary job. I am confident that her extensive legal experience in her current—as well as previous—position has prepared her well for the position for which she has been nominated. 
Prior to her current position at the 
Department of Defense, Ms. Starzak worked at the CIA’s Office of General Counsel and also served as counsel on the staff of the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence. I don’t need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.011 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8627 December 14, 2015 
tell my colleagues in the Senate how 
much we rely on capable and motivated staff to fulfill our responsibilities on behalf of the American people. 
I understand from Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , under whose chairmanship Ms. 
Starzak served, that her work in sup-port of the committee was nothing short of exemplary. She was an ex-traordinary asset to the committee in all of its deliberations. 
Ms. Starzak was originally nomi-
nated to be general counsel of the Army in July 2014, and she was later approved by the Senate Armed Services Committee by a voice vote in Decem-ber 2014. Unfortunately, Ms. Starzak was not confirmed by the full Senate prior to the adjournment of the last session of the Congress. She was re-nominated in January of this year and her nomination was unanimously agreed to by a voice vote of the com-mittee earlier this month. 
The Army has now been without a 
Senate-confirmed general counsel for nearly 2 years, thereby contributing to institutional instability and uncer-tainty. It is time to provide the Army with the leadership it deserves. If con-firmed today, Ms. Starzak will join a new Secretary of the Army and also a new Army Chief of Staff, GEN Mark Milley, where together they will begin to address the challenges—all of them critical—that face the Army and all of our services. 
I have no doubt that Ms. Starzak is 
up to the task and will execute her du-ties with the best interest of the men and women in uniform in the U.S. Army and their families. These thoughts will always be in the fore-front of her mind, and I urge my col-leagues to support her nomination. 
I wish also to point out that there 
were several issues raised with respect to Ms. Starzak’s performance as a member of the staff of the Intelligence Committee. All of them have been found to be inaccurate. One suggestion is that there was a document known as the Panetta review, and that the com-mittee staff gained inappropriate ac-cess to this document. 
Senator F
EINSTEIN pointed out—at 
the time she was the chairman of the Intelligence Committee—during a March 2014 floor speech that this Pa-netta review and all of these docu-ments were accessed by staff through the regular use of a search tool pro-vided by the CIA on a computer net-work provided by the CIA to search documents provided by the CIA. This was a process that was overseen and monitored by the CIA, obviously. 
This specific suggestion, allegation, 
or whatever you want to call it, has been reviewed by the CIA’s Inspector General, the Senate’s Sergeant at Arms, the CIA’s Accountability Review Board, and they found no wrongdoing on the part of members on the Intel-ligence Committee staff. 
There was another suggestion that 
some of these documents were marked deliberative and/or privileged. Accord-ing to Senator F
EINSTEIN , this was not 
especially noteworthy to SSCI—Intel-ligence Committee staff—because they were providing, at the direction of their Senators, a review of CIA activi-ties, and thousands of these documents were marked deliberative, procedural, privileged, et cetera. The responsibility of the Congress is to oversee the CIA— not what they will let us look at but what we must look at. 
Additionally, Senate legal counsel 
confirmed to Senator F
EINSTEIN that 
Congress does not recognize these claims of privilege when it comes to documents provided to Congress for its oversight duties, and this review proc-ess was completely within the purview of the Senate’s oversight responsi-bility. 
And then there was another sugges-
tion, or allegation, that, in fact, Ms. Starzak was involved in the relocation of these Panetta review documents from an offsite CIA facility to the of-fices of the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee here in the Hart Building. These are absolutely and totally without merit because it turns out that the date of the removal of the documents from the offsite facility occurred late in 2013, more than 2 years after Ms. Starzak left the staff of the Intel-ligence Committee. 
I think it is important to get these 
facts and conclusions by authoritative sources, such as the Sergeant at Arms, the CIA Inspector General, and the Ac-countability Review Board of the CIA because there have been some sugges-tions that she was, in fact, culpable, and that is not the case at all. 
I again urge all of my colleagues to 
support a very capable individual who has the skill, the dedication, and the ability to be an extraordinary general counsel for Department of the Army. 
With that, I retain the remainder of 
my time and yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one 
yields time, the time will be charged equally. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time be di-vided equally. 
We have already divided the time 
equally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. REED. How much time do we 
have remaining on our side? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Eight 
and a half minutes. 
Mr. REED. I believe Senator F
EIN-
STEIN is coming to the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. I ask unanimous consent 
that the time be equally charged to both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I am very pleased to rise in strong sup-port of the confirmation of Alissa Starzak to be the general counsel of the Army. I urge my colleagues to sup-port her nomination in the vote we are about to take. 
Alissa was nominated for the posi-
tion in July of 2014. While she was re-ported out favorably by the distin-guished Armed Services Committee last year, she did not receive consider-ation by the full Senate prior to the end of the 113th Congress. The Presi-dent nominated her again in January of this year, and I am very pleased that the Armed Services Committee, under the chairmanship of J
OHNMCCAINand 
the ranking member, J ACK REED, ap-
proved her nomination just a week ago, and I thank both of them for doing so. 
I support Alissa Starzak for the only 
reason that matters: She will be an ex-cellent general counsel for the Depart-ment of the Army. First, she is a strong lawyer. Second, she cares deeply about the men and women of the U.S. Army. Given the many challenges our military faces, we can’t afford to have this position remain vacant when there 
is a very strong candidate before us. 
Since mid-2011, Alissa Starzak has 
been a senior attorney within the Of-fice of General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Defense. She currently serves as a deputy general counsel. She has led the Department’s interactions with Congress on preparing and negotiating the annual Defense authorization, and she has had senior roles in policy dis-cussions about detainee affairs, sexual assault, and harassment in the mili-tary. 
Alissa has strong expertise in the 
legal challenges that confront the U.S. Army, and she is well suited to provide legal guidance to the Secretary and Chief of Staff of the Army and ensure the Department strictly obeys the law. 
More importantly for me, Alissa was 
a counsel on the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence from early 2007 to 2011, first under Chairman Jay Rockefeller and then continuing under my chairmanship. In that role, she worked diligently on legislation to up-date the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act, culminating in the FISA Amendments Act of 2008, and she draft-ed our Intelligence authorization bills, among other issues. 
From December 2007 until her depar-
ture from the committee in 2011, Alissa was one of two staff leads for our re-view of the CIA’s Detention and Inter-rogation Program. She coauthored a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.015 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8628 December 14, 2015 
summary of interrogations of two early 
CIA detainees, Abu Zubaydah and al- Nashiri, that spurred the committee to approve, by a 14-to-1 vote, a full review of the entire program. 
As the colead of that study, Ms. 
Starzak reviewed many thousands of documents, drafted portions of the committee’s study, and advised me and other members of the committee on the progress of the investigation. She departed the committee in 2011—that was 4 years ago—before the completion of the report, its declassification, and its public release. 
I know her work on the SSCI study 
came up during her confirmation hear-ing at the Armed Services Committee, and I want the record to be perfectly clear. Alissa Starzak departed the com-mittee staff in May of 2011, well before the controversy of the CIA gaining un-authorized access to the committee staff computer network and well before the controversy over the so-called Pa-netta Review documents. So it is not fair to blame her for anything that happened during that time. She was not there and has not been there for 4 years. 
As I stated in a Senate floor state-
ment on March 11, 2014, a portion of the CIA’s Panetta Review was transported securely, consistent with its classifica-tion from a CIA off-site location to an-other secure facility—the committee’s safe in the Senate. This relocation oc-curred in late 2013, more than 2 years after Ms. Starzak left the committee staff and long after she began her work at the Pentagon. She had no prior knowledge and no role in the transpor-tation of the document to the Senate. So there should be no confusion on that point. 
Before coming to the Senate Select 
Committee on Intelligence, Alissa Starzak worked as an attorney at the CIA’s Office of General Counsel and as an associate in the international law firm of O’Melveny & Myers. 
She clerked for the Honorable E. 
Grady Jolly on the Fifth Circuit of Ap-peals after graduating from the Univer-sity of Chicago Law School with hon-ors. Ms. Starzak did her undergraduate work at Amherst College where she graduated magna cum laude. So Alissa Starzak has the intelligence, the right background, and the strong experience within the Department of Defense to be general counsel for the Army. 
I urge my colleagues to confirm 
Alissa Starzak. It is unfortunate that it has taken a year and a half since she was first nominated, but I am very pleased we are voting to confirm her today. 
I conclude by thanking Senator 
M
CCAINand Senator R EEDfor working 
together to get this done. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Madam President, 
since no one else seeks the floor at this time, it has just been brought to my attention that there are a couple of let-ters here which I thought are on point, and it will become clear. 
This letter is from Alberto Mora: 
I want to state my absolute and explicit 
endorsement for the nomination of Alissa Starzak to be the next General Counsel of the Army. 
By my current affiliation with the Harvard 
Kennedy School’s Carr Center for Human Rights Policy, I served as the General Coun-sel of the Navy from 2001–2006. I have served alongside many of the most senior civilians in the Department of Defense, and I know what qualities successful civilian leaders should bring to their work, among them pro-fessional competence and a commitment to honorable public service. These two qualities describe Ms. Starzak. 
The Senate has honored me four times by 
confirming me for appointments in both Re-publican and Democratic administrations. I am familiar with and supportive of the Sen-ate’s role in confirming senior federal offi-cials, but I fear that in Ms. Starzak’s case her confirmation has been impeded for rea-sons unworthy of the Senate. As you are no doubt aware, she served as counsel on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for more than four years. Her work on that com-mittee was thorough and professional; she has served the Congress and our republic ably. That she has been disparaged for her work is wrong. It sends a clear and troubling signal to every congressional staffer of both parties that his or her dedicated public serv-ice may be treated not as a credential, but as a disqualification for senior administration appointments. If that signal is confirmed by failing to confirm Ms. Starzak—not for what she did wrong, but for what she did right—it would only serve to damage the Senate, this and future administrations, and our nation. 
It is signed by Alberto Mora. 
I would also like to submit a letter 
from RADM John D. Hutson, U.S. Navy, head of the JAG Corps, retired. 
I write to express my complete and un-
equivocal support for the nomination of Alissa Starzak to be the next General Coun-sel of the Army. I have deep concerns that her nomination has been the subject of un-fortunate and nasty political theater, but I am heartened to know that her nomination will receive a full floor vote on Monday, 14 December 2015. As you are no doubt aware, she served as a professional staff member on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for more than four years. . . . 
I served as The Judge Advocate General of 
the Navy. I underwent the confirmation process. As the senior uniformed lawyer in our service, I spent significant time assisting nominees with confirmation. Throughout my career I worked alongside, and under, some of the most capable, professional, and bril-liant people who make up the civilian ranks of appointed leaders in our government. While I don’t know her personally, I am very familiar with her reputation, which is stel-lar. 
I write because I believe her case has been 
one that has damaged our republic. She has been maligned for performing her duties as a public servant, and her nomination was held up because of events that occurred after she left the committee staff. I encourage you in the strongest terms to 
confirm her for this position. Losing her services to the rankling of partisan disputes would be to the detriment of both the De-partment of Defense and the country. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHND. H UTSON , 
Rear Admiral, USN. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that both of these letters be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MCLEAN, VA, 
December 11, 2015. 
DEAR SENATOR : I write to state my abso-
lute and explicit endorsement for the nomi-nation of Alissa Starzak to be the next Gen-eral Counsel of the Army. 
Before my current affiliation with the Har-
vard Kennedy School’s Carr Center for Human Rights Policy, I served as the Gen-eral Counsel of the Navy from 2001–2006. I have served alongside many of the most sen-ior civilians in the Department of Defense, and I know what qualities successful civilian leaders should bring to their work, among them professional competence and a commit-ment to honorable public service. These two qualities describe Ms. Starzak. 
The Senate has honored me four times by 
confirming me for appointments in both Re-
publican and Democratic administrations. I am familiar with and supportive of the Sen-ate’s role in confirming senior federal offi-cials, but I fear that in Ms. Starzak’s case her confirmation has been impeded for rea-sons unworthy of the Senate. As you are no doubt aware, she served as counsel on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for more than four years. Her work on that com-mittee was thorough and professional; she has served the Congress and our republic ably. That she has been disparaged for her work is wrong. It sends a clear and troubling signal to every congressional staffer of both parties that his or her dedicated public serv-ice may be treated not as a credential, but as a disqualification for senior administration appointments. If that signal is confirmed by failing to confirm Ms. Starzak—not for what she did wrong, but for what she did right—it would only serve to damage the Senate, this and future administrations, and our nation. 
I encourage you to confirm Ms. Starzak 
without further delay. 
Sincerely, 
A
LBERTO MORA. 
DECEMBER 11, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR : I write to express my com-
plete and unequivocal support for the nomi-nation of Alissa Starzak to be the next Gen-eral Counsel of the Army. I have deep con-cerns that her nomination has been the sub-ject of unfortunate and nasty political the-ater, but I am heartened to know that her nomination will receive a full floor vote on Monday, 14 December 2015. As you are no doubt aware, she served as a professional staff member on the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence for more than four years. Unfortunately, she has been unfairly and inappropriately used as ‘‘leverage’’ in a partisan quarrel. 
I served as The Judge Advocate General of 
the Navy. I underwent the confirmation process. As the senior uniformed lawyer in our service, I spent significant time assisting nominees with confirmation. Throughout my career I worked alongside, and under, some of the most capable, professional, and bril-liant people who make up the civilian ranks of appointed leaders in our government. While I don’t know her personally, I am very familiar with her reputation, which is stel-lar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.016 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8629 December 14, 2015 
I write because I believe her case has been 
one that has damaged our republic. She has been maligned for performing her duties as a public servant, and her nomination was held up because of events that occurred after she left the committee staff. 
I encourage you in the strongest terms to 
confirm her for this position. Losing her services to the rankling of partisan disputes would be to the detriment of both the De-partment of Defense and the country. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHND. H UTSON , 
Rear Admiral, USN, JACG, (Ret.). 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Thank you very 
much. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COTTON. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Starzak nomination? 
Mr. COTTON. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ), the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), 
the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), 
the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MORAN ), the Senator from Kentucky 
(Mr. P AUL), the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), and the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) would 
have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ), 
the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Michigan 
(Mr. P ETERS ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), and 
the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 34, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 335 Ex.] 
YEAS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Mikulski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Tester Thune Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse 
NAYS—34 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Grassley Hoeven Inhofe Lankford Lee McConnell Murkowski Perdue 
Portman Roberts Rounds Sasse Sessions Shelby Tillis Toomey Wicker 
NOT VOTING—21 
Boxer 
Coats Cruz Flake Graham Heller Johnson Kirk 
McCain Merkley Moran Paul Peters Risch Rubio 
Sanders Scott Stabenow Sullivan Vitter Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, un-
fortunately, due to inclement weather that delayed my flight to Washington, DC, I was unable to attend today’s roll-call vote on the nomination of Alissa M. Starzak to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. Had I been able to attend, I would have sup-ported her nomination. ∑ 
VOTE ON CONGER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Conger nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON WELBY NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Welby nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON PARKER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Parker nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s actions. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
Mr. CRAPO. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KENTUCKY ADJU-
TANT GENERAL EDWARD W. TONINI 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute today to a distin-guished airman and honored Ken-tuckian who has given over four dec-ades of his life to military service. Maj. Gen. Edward W. Tonini, for 8 years the adjutant general of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, retired from service on December 8. 
General Tonini is a career Air Na-
tional Guard officer and was appointed adjutant general by the former Gov-ernor in 2007. As adjutant general, he served as the commanding general of both the Kentucky Army and Air Na-tional Guard and as executive director of the Department of Military Affairs. 
In his 8 years of service in that role, 
he successfully led the National Guard and Kentucky through many difficult challenges with great skill and ability. 
He leaves Kentucky’s National Guard stronger and more effective than when he found it. 
During his tenure, Kentucky’s Na-
tional Guard continued to deploy sol-diers and airmen to Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Djibouti, Kenya, Ethiopia, South America, and even Antarctica. In fact, Kentucky National Guard sol-diers and airmen were deployed in sup-port of contingency operations every day of General Tonini’s tenure, to the tune of over 16,000 servicemembers over the years. 
In January 2009, Kentucky experi-
enced one of the worst natural disas-ters in the State’s history when 10 inches of snow fell on top of 3 inches of ice throughout most of the State. More than 100 counties declared states of emergency while FEMA declared the whole State a disaster zone. 
In response to this crisis, General 
Tonini led the largest State-active- duty call up in Kentucky’s history. More than 4,600 servicemembers as-sisted Kentuckians in need, as nearly 800,000 people were without power and heat. Surely many lives were saved thanks to his leadership during these efforts. 
General Tonini worked to establish 
Kentucky’s new, state-of-the-art Com-monwealth Emergency Operations Cen-ter, which serves as a vital command center and liaison to local governments in times of crisis. The new Common-wealth Emergency Operations Center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.030 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8630 December 14, 2015 
isn’t the only new improvement under 
General Tonini’s watch. 
During the last 8 years, the Kentucky 
National Guard has undertaken nearly $200 million in facility improvements, consisting of both new buildings and additions and alterations to existing buildings, to add about 650,000 square feet of facilities to the Guard’s re-sources. These new facilities include the Paducah and Richmond Armed Forces Reserve Center, the Owensboro Readiness Center, and the Army Avia-tion Support Facility in Frankfort, among others. General Tonini was also a champion of the important work tak-ing place at the Bluegrass Station in-dustrial park in central Kentucky. 
General Tonini was a strong advocate 
of Kentucky’s Agribusiness Develop-ment Teams, a program in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in Af-ghanistan. These teams of Kentucky soldiers and airmen taught agricul-tural expertise to the people of Afghan-istan, sharing their knowledge of irri-gation techniques, food preservation, veterinary medicine, and more with hundreds of Afghans across the coun-try. 
General Tonini also was a strong sup-
porter of the Guard’s state partnership program, where the Kentucky National Guard partners with a foreign nation to strengthen the operations of both partners. The Kentucky National Guard has partnered with Ecuador for 19 years. Under the general’s leader-ship, Kentucky added a second partner-ship program with Djibouti, making my State the first to partner with an east African nation. Djibouti is a key strategic partner for us in humani-tarian and counterterrorist operations. 
General Tonini’s leadership has also 
been recognized outside the Common-wealth. In 2013, he was elected the president of the Adjutants General As-sociation of the United States. During his tenure as president, America’s Na-tional Guard boasted more than 450,000 personnel across the Nation. 
Under General Tonini, Kentucky 
hosted the two largest events in the Nation for survivor outreach to sup-port the family members of fallen serv-icemembers, one in Louisville and the other in northern Kentucky. We were able to honor more than 850 survivors from multiple States. 
Finally, the Kentucky National 
Guard Memorial saw completion after 10 years thanks to General Tonini’s persistence and his prodigious fund-raising efforts. Located at Boone Na-tional Guard Center in Frankfort, the memorial honors 234 Kentucky guards-men who have given their lives in the line of duty since 1912. 
General Tonini has all these accom-
plishments and many more to be proud of as he steps down from the adjutant general post he so ably filled for 8 years. He has truly earned a place not 
just in Kentucky history, but in Ken-tuckians’ hearts for his honorable serv-ice. 
I would be remiss if I did not also 
laud the general’s wife, Carol, who has been a consistent presence with him at 
the full range of National Guard events, both in Kentucky and through-out the country. She has been a tre-mendous asset to him thanks to her grace, her support for those in uniform and their families, and her rock-solid support for her husband. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating General Edward W. Tonini upon his retirement and thank-ing him for his service—not just over the last 8 years, but over the last four decades. Kentucky is thankful for the many sacrifices he has made over the years to protect our communities and our Nation. I certainly want to wish General Tonini all the best in whatever awaits him in his next endeavors, and I am sure he will tackle all future chal-lenges with the same vigor and for-titude he applied to his military serv-ice. Thank you, General Tonini, on be-half of a grateful Commonwealth. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 80TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CULINARY WORK-ERS UNION LOCAL 226 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the 80th anniversary of the Culinary Workers Union Local 226. 
Since it was founded in 1935, the Cul-
inary Workers Union Local 226 has suc-cessfully advocated on behalf of thou-sands of hospitality workers through-out Nevada. These workers include the housekeepers, kitchen staff, cooks, and food and beverage servers who play an indispensable role in our local and na-tional economy. Along with local part-ners, the culinary union has effectively represented workers by advocating for competitive wages, affordable health insurance coverage, and enhanced working conditions. The culinary union is vital in the effort to provide real opportunities for working-class in-dividuals and families. 
Over the past eight decades, work-
place environments across the United States have been transformed to meet our country’s changing needs. Throughout these changes, the cul-inary union has always been on the frontlines to ensure that workers con-tinue to receive fair treatment and the benefits they have earned. In par-ticular, the culinary union successfully mobilized casino workers on many oc-casions to ensure that they received adequate health care coverage, im-proved contract terms, and pension benefits. 
The organization has also had a posi-
tive impact on its members through the establishment of local services, such as the culinary health fund and the culinary pharmacy. The culinary health fund is a health plan that pro-vides benefits to more than 130,000 par-ticipants, ensuring that union mem-bers and their families have access to essential health care services that keep them healthy. Additionally, in 2001, the culinary union launched a citizen project, which provides assistance for individuals and families navigating the 
citizenship process. 
I applaud the Culinary Workers 
Union Local 226 for their dedicated work and commitment to improving the lives of Nevadans. Their work is truly appreciated and admired, and I wish the organization continued suc-cess for years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOURDES TIBAN 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want 
other Senators to be aware of informa-tion I received about Ecuadorian Na-tional Assembly member Lourdes Tiban, a prominent and respected lead-er of Ecuador’s indigenous people. 
As an indigenous leader, Ms. Tiban 
has become one of the most outspoken advocates for freedom of expression, in-digenous rights, and social rights in Ecuador. Not surprisingly, this has made her the target of verbal attacks by President Rafael Correa. 
Earlier this year, Ms. Tiban was 
beaten by unidentified assailants as she was walking to work. The assault was filmed and then shared online by government supporters who posted humiliating comments. 
This isn’t the first time that Ms. 
Tiban has been physically assaulted. She is the victim of two other similar incidents which I am told have not been properly investigated. 
It is regrettable that, instead of vig-
orously investigating this latest attack against Ms. Tiban, a National Assem-bly member from President Correa’s political party has brought a criminal case for libel against her. This is be-lieved to be in retaliation for Ms. Tiban’s claim that government sup-porters were responsible for targeting her, presumably in an attempt to si-lence her and remove her from the Na-tional Assembly. 
Ecuador is a country where judicial 
independence is seriously com-promised. I have spoken about this sev-eral times, and it has been well docu-mented by the Department of State, the United Nations, and human rights organizations. It is also illustrated by the fact that the Council of the Judici-ary, with the power to appoint and re-move judges, is comprised of five former officials of the Correa adminis-tration. It is likely that the criminal investigation against Ms. Tiban could result in an unjust conviction. 
We should condemn these attacks on 
freedom of expression, political rights, and the rights of indigenous people, and we should defend judicial independ-ence which is fundamental to democ-racy in Ecuador and throughout the hemisphere. 
Lourdes Tiban has devoted her legis-
lative efforts to protecting human rights for her people, and I am con-fident that she will continue to do so as she is not easily intimidated. She has my support and the support of oth-ers who believe in the principles of de-mocracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.003 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8631 December 14, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE GRAND ISLE 
COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, many 
talented Vermonters support local agencies charged with ensuring the safety of Vermont communities throughout the State, each and every day. Today I would like to recognize one such department—the Grand Isle County Sheriff’s Department, which re-ceived two national Highway Safety Awards at last month’s annual gath-ering of the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago. 
Grand Isle County lies in the north-
west reaches of Vermont, covering five towns and 85 square miles of land. It is actually a chain of islands surrounded by the waters of Lake Champlain, with commanding views of the Adirondacks to the west and the Green Mountains to the east. Its communities swell with summer visitors who come to enjoy the ‘‘beauty spot’’ of the islands. While it is a rural area, Grand Isle County is also home to the busy Route 2 corridor that links the United States and Can-ada, a critical transportation route for commerce between the two countries. As such, Grand Isle provides unique challenges for Sheriff Ray Allen and his 13 sworn deputies who work to pro-tect the safety of its visitors and resi-dents while ensuring that traffic is not impeded. 
The Grand Isle Sheriff’s Department 
was one of only three small sheriff agencies to be recognized with the Na-tional Law Enforcement Safety Chal-
lenge award, as noted by the Bur-lington Free Press. The award cited the department’s excellence in traffic safe-ty, with specific focus on impaired driving and speeding violations. 
Sheriff Allen’s department was also 
honored with the National Sheriffs’ As-sociation’s Top Traffic Safety Award, sharing that distinction with the Okla-homa County Sheriff’s Office. 
These two awards are a notable 
achievement for a small department and in no small part due to Sheriff Al-len’s strong leadership. Sheriff Allen is the type of law enforcement officer who cares deeply about the commu-nities he serves and the department he represents. Sheriff Allen was sworn into office in 2011, following 20 years of service as a deputy sheriff. When he is not tending to highways, he is tending to the family’s well-known apple or-chard. 
On the Grand Isle Sheriff’s Depart-
ment Web site, Sheriff Allen cites ‘‘the great working relationship with Local, State and Federal agencies’’ that his department enjoys. This, we know, does not happen by accident, and such cooperation is a trademark of success-ful policing. 
‘‘We will strive to build upon the con-
fidence and trust the citizens of Grand Isle County have placed upon us by de-veloping strong relationships with the community and providing high quality, cost effective law enforcement serv-ices.’’ This is Sheriff Allen’s pledge, and one supported by those who work with him. With these awards, Sheriff Allen has 
done just that. He has made his depart-ment and his community proud. Con-gratulations, Sheriff Ray Allen. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PRISCILLA HOBSON 
HANLEY 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate the contributions of Priscilla Hobson Hanley, who is retir-ing after more than 30 years of distin-guished public service as staff in the U.S. Congress. 
Since the very beginning of my serv-
ice in the Senate nearly 19 years ago, Priscilla has been one of my most val-ued advisers. She has always provided me with expertise on health care issues and Social Security, and most re-cently, she has served as staff director for the Senate Aging Committee. She exemplifies the ideal public servant; in-tegrity, thoroughness, a spirit of in-quiry, and hard work characterize her service. Above all, Priscilla has always demonstrated her belief that it is an honor to serve the people of Maine and our Nation. 
I first met Priscilla in 1984 when we 
both worked for Maine Senator Bill Cohen. After brief stints working in the House for two Congressmen from her native California, Priscilla was hired by Senator Cohen that year and developed an in-depth knowledge of health care issues. She became deputy staff director of the Aging Committee when Senator Cohen served as chair-man. 
When I assumed Senator Cohen’s seat 
in 1997, Priscilla was one of the very first people I hired; thus I had a terrific expert in two subject areas of great concern to my Maine constituents: health care and senior issues. As health policy adviser and legislative assistant, Priscilla brought her intelligence and experience to bear on the complex and myriad issues of health care, bio-medical research, access to care in rural areas, women’s health, Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Through her leadership role on the Aging Committee staff, she advanced our priorities of improving retirement security, increasing funding for re-search on diseases like Alzheimer’s and diabetes, and protecting against scams targeting seniors. 
Three examples illustrate Priscilla’s 
commitment to service. In 1997, my very first year in the Senate, we were considering a massive tax bill. At the last minute, a one-sentence provision appeared out of nowhere that was, be-neath the innocuous wording, a $50-bil-lion tax giveaway to Big Tobacco. Pris-cilla spotted that one sentence in the 327-page bill, and we were able to put an end to the subsidy. 
Priscilla also helped me start the Di-
abetes Caucus in the Senate in 1998. As a result of her dedication, funding for diabetes research has tripled since that year. 
In 2003, our Nation was still reeling 
from the attacks of 9/11, and Congress was working on a tax-cut bill to invig-
orate the struggling economy. A key to the success of that bill and to the eco-nomic rebound that followed was the temporary increase in the Federal Medical Assistance Percentage, or FMAP, to help States provide health care to low-income families. Priscilla led the way in developing that key pro-vision. 
From dramatic increases in funding 
for diabetes and Alzheimer’s research to improvements in rural health care and advancements in mental health parity, Priscilla has played a leader-ship role. Her work, due to her unas-suming nature, may often be unheralded, but her legacy is inspiring to all of us who serve. 
When not working for the American 
people, Priscilla’s great passion is a love of musical theater. In fact, a rare interruption in her more than three decades of service on the Hill came when she took a brief respite from Con-gress to help run an opera company in Virginia. 
Priscilla has a particular fondness for 
the comic operas of Gilbert and Sul-livan, and like Major General Stanley of The Pirates of Penzance, she has an encyclopedic knowledge of all things ‘‘vegetable, animal, and mineral.’’ She truly is the very model of a modern Senate staffer, a model all should emu-late. 
A life so devoted to public service 
brings to mind the parable of the tal-ents. The master, leaving on a journey, entrusts a servant with a portion of his treasure. Upon his return, the master is delighted to find that his wealth was been wisely invested and multiplied. 
Priscilla Hobson Hanley was en-
trusted the great treasure of intel-ligence, energy, and passion. She in-vested that treasure wisely and through hard work and determination multiplied its benefits to all. To her, I quote Scripture and say, ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK FELTON 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize one of West Virginia’s prized public servants, Mark Felton, on the occasion of his retirement. Through his various roles in the Re-gion III Planning and Development Council, Mark has been an indispen-sable resource to the four counties he has served for over 30 years. 
After earning his bachelor’s and mas-
ter’s degrees in geography from Mar-shall University, Mark began his career in the transportation department of the regional planning council in 1983. Mark authored and supervised innu-merable transportation-related studies that benefited residents of the region through improved roads, bridges, travel times, and safety. 
The regional councils serve as inte-
gral partners in the planning and exe-cution of infrastructure improvements, including water and sewer projects. During my time representing the 2nd 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.012 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8632 December 14, 2015 
Congressional District and continuing 
through to my time in the Senate, my staff and I worked with Mark and the council to complete numerous infra-structure projects; as a result, we pro-vided potable water to thousands of West Virginians. I have always appre-ciated the technical assistance and knowledge that Mark and his staff bring to any undertaking. These projects are not always the most glam-orous, but they are necessary for the health of the people we serve. 
In 2006, Mark was promoted to execu-
tive director of the regional planning council. In this role, Mark successfully worked alongside local, county, and State leaders to achieve many goals throughout the region. Mark was con-sistent in his determination to utilize region III’s resources in the most effi-cient manner possible. 
One highlight of Mark’s career in-
cludes working with the West Virginia Division of Highways and the U.S. De-partment of Transportation to build the Saint Albans—Nitro Bridge. This was a major achievement that required patience and diligent planning to com-plete. Through a clever design vari-ation, millions of taxpayer dollars were saved, and the project was completed ahead of schedule. I commend Mark and his team for working skillfully with Federal and State partners to ac-complish this huge undertaking under budget and on time. Time and again, Mark exhibited great leadership and wisdom in his roles with the regional planning council and has made a last-ing difference in the health and safety of residents of Kanawha, Clay, Boone, and Putnam Counties. 
In his spare time, Mark actively par-
ticipates in local theater activities in the Kanawha Valley, acting in roles for the Charleston Light Opera Guild and Kanawha Players. In addition, he pre-viously served as president of the Chil-dren’s Theater of Charleston. Hopefully he will continue with his passion, as I have always enjoyed seeing him on stage. 
Mark is also a member of Kanawha 
United Presbyterian Church where he actively participates in the church and bell choirs. Additionally, he is a prop-erty trustee of the church and plans to be more involved in both internal oper-ations and outreach ministries after his retirement. Mark and his wife, Kerry, a kindergarten teacher for Kanawha County Schools, have two children, Erin and Patrick. 
I wish Mark a fond farewell and the 
best of luck to him and his family in the next phase of their lives. Our State owes Mark a debt of gratitude for his hard work and dedication to his com-munity. It has been a privilege working with him, and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mark on a wonderful career. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR DONNALEE 
LOZEAU 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor Nashua Mayor Donnalee Lozeau. As a resident of Nashua, I am so proud to call Donnalee my mayor. She is an extraordinary public servant, and I extend my heartfelt gratitude as she approaches the conclusion of her two terms serving the people of the Gate City. 
As a third generation resident of 
Nashua and a graduate of the city’s public school system, Donnalee cares deeply about Nashua’s future, and she has a long record of service to the peo-ple of our city. That includes her pre-vious service to Nashua in the New Hampshire House of Representatives for eight terms, earning the role of dep-uty speaker. She has always been known for her independent leadership, her commitment to bringing people to-gether to build consensus, and for en-suring that government is responsive and efficient on behalf of hard-working taxpayers. Donnalee grasps the quali-ties of what makes our State unique, and in turn, she leads with a passion for problem-solving and a dedication to delivering results. She truly listens to everyone and communicates in sincere and candid terms—which I believe makes her an exceptional leader. In ad-dition, as Nashua’s first female mayor, Donnalee is an inspiration for young women in our State to pursue public service. 
Under her leadership, Nashua’s 
growth and resilience as a city helped lead to major accomplishments in in-frastructure, public education, new business sectors, and companies. Donnalee brought her welcoming, hon-est, and accessible approach to gov-erning and enhanced the reputation of the city of Nashua by exemplifying those values. In addition to her tireless work at city hall, she has also been an active leader promoting philanthropic, cultural, and business activity across the city. As part of her ongoing dedica-tion to serving Nashua’s community and those in need, Donnalee will con-tinue to contribute to our city as exec-utive director of Southern New Hamp-shire Services, a nonprofit social serv-ices agency. Her legacy is also being honored by Nashua’s Rivier University with the creation of the Mayor Donnalee Lozeau Leadership Scholar-ship, which will be used to support the development of many generations of new leaders to come. 
As Donnalee prepares to leave city 
hall, I would like to thank her for the thousands of hours she devoted to mak-ing Nashua an even better place to live, work, and raise a family. I am so grate-ful for Donnalee’s leadership, commit-ment, and friendship, and I wish her all the best as she begins the next chapter of her career. ∑ TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT E. 
WOLVERTON, SR. 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to commend the remarkable 66- year, and still counting, career of Mis-sissippi State University professor and lifelong educator, Robert E. ‘‘Bob’’ Wolverton, Sr., of Starkville, MS. His many years of hard work and dedica-tion continue to inspire the Mississippi State family to learn more and achieve more for the betterment of our State and Nation. I congratulate Dr. Wolverton for his important contribu-tions to higher education throughout his distinguished career. He and his wife, Peggy, are well respected and ad-mired throughout the university and community. 
Mr. President, I ask that a December 
1, 2015, article from Mississippi State University, titled ‘‘MSU honors Wolverton with naming of new building rotunda,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The material follows: 
[From the Mississippi State University, 
Dec. 1, 2015] 
MSU H ONORS WOLVERTON WITHNAMING OF  
NEWBUILDING ROTUNDA  
(By Harriet Laird) 
STARKVILLE , MS.—An accomplished pro-
fessor and lifelong educator whose career spans more than six decades will be honored by Mississippi State with the naming of a se-lect area in one of the university’s newest and largest buildings. 
Robert E. ‘‘Bob’’ Wolverton Sr., former 
vice president for academic affairs and long-time professor of classics, will see his name etched into the rotunda of MSU’s new class-room building, a 150,000 square foot structure currently under construction in the heart of the 137-year-old campus. The honor comes while the 90-year-old educator is still active as a member of the MSU faculty. 
Seeing more than 2,000 students walk each 
day through the facility’s rotunda once con-struction is completed in the fall of 2016, this naming reflects Wolverton’s dedication to educating students for 66 years, 38 of those at Mississippi State. 
‘‘Simply put, Dr. Wolverton is a venerable 
institution at our university,’’ said MSU President Mark E. Keenum. ‘‘At an age where most professors have long since re-tired, Dr. Wolverton continues to inspire his students, his colleagues, and this adminis-tration through his true wisdom and the pas-sion he still has for the subject matter he imparts. What a fitting honor that the ro-tunda in one of our soon-to-be iconic build-ings will forever bear his name.’’ 
Wolverton began his tenure at MSU in 1977 
when he became the university’s vice presi-dent of academic affairs, having served pre-viously as president for the College of Mount St. Joseph in Ohio. In 1986, he began teaching in the Department of Foreign Languages, now the Department of Classical and Modern Languages and Literatures, serving as the unit’s head from 1991–1996. 
A two-term chair of MSU’s Robert Holland 
Faculty Senate, he last held the title eight years ago at age 82, with many regarding him as the ‘‘elder statesman’’ in such a posi-tion at any college or university. 
Also an MSU John Grisham Master Teach-
er, the highest honor given for excellence in classroom instruction, Wolverton has been honored with the MSU Alumni Association Faculty Achievement Award and College of Arts and Sciences Humanist Award. 
‘‘All of us admire Bob Wolverton for his 
unwavering commitment to excellence in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.004 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8633 December 14, 2015 
teaching and to the students of MSU,’’ said 
Jerry Gilbert, MSU provost and executive vice president. ‘‘Through his many years of service, he has established himself as a tre-mendous asset to the university. I am so proud that we have chosen to recognize Bob by naming the rotunda in his honor.’’ 
Wolverton holds a bachelor’s degree in 
classics from Hanover (Indiana) College, a master’s from the University of Michigan, and a doctorate from the University of North Carolina. He has been on the faculty at the University of Georgia, and Tufts and Florida State universities. 
Active in the community, he was honored 
in 2001 as one of Mississippi’s ‘‘Ageless He-roes’’ by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Mis-sissippi. He has served as a board member for the Starkville Friends of the Library, presi-dent of the Starkville-MSU Symphony Asso-ciation, and was a founding member of the Starkville Community Theatre. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL JOHN J. NOLAN 
∑Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
to honor a Nebraskan who was recently interred at Arlington National Ceme-tery. Lt. Col. John J. Nolan of Lincoln, NE, was a U.S. Air Force pilot who de-serves our respect and gratitude. After the bombing at Pearl Harbor, he gave up a football scholarship at Temple University to enlist in the Army Air Corps in 1943. 
During World War II, John was a B– 
25 aircraft commander with the her-alded Air Apaches, 345th Bombardment Group, assigned to the Fifth Air Force operating in the Southwest Pacific. 
In this capacity, he flew low-level 
strafing missions in specially config-ured B–25s with eight .50-caliber ma-chine guns that were controlled by pi-lots. He flew in the Black Sunday raid on Hollandia, New Guinea, on April 16, 1944. This raid became the worst oper-ational loss ever suffered by the Fifth Air Force in a single day. 
Following World War II, the Air 
Force realized more pilots had been lost on instruments than in actual combat. In response, the Instrument Pilot Instruction School was created. John was one of the initial cadre of pi-lots tasked with providing standardized instrument procedures, techniques, and training methods. These pilots were also required to test and evaluate flight instruments in adverse weather conditions. During this period, he be-came the B–25 high-time pilot for the entire U.S. Air Force. 
John also wrote a substantial part of 
the instrument flying guidelines, known as Air Force Manual 51–37. Many pilots owe their lives to this manual. As a matter of fact, when his two sons went through pilot training in 1967 and 1973, respectively, his instruc-tions were still in the manual. 
John transitioned to F–86s as a part 
of the Air Force’s newly created All Weather Interceptors. He also served in Japan during the Korean war. 
In the 1960s, when commercial avia-
tion was converting to jet-powered air-craft and entering into military air-space at high altitudes, John was as-signed to Richards-Gebaur Air Force 
Base, known as Air Defense Command. He became the Air Force liaison to the FAA Central Region, and he was tasked with developing and coordi-nating procedures to ensure safe ar-rival and departures within this shared airspace. In this capacity, John was also responsible for maintaining mili-tary readiness and operational capa-bilities. 
Upon his retirement in October 1963, 
John was chosen to serve as the Mid-west recruiter for the Air Force Acad-emy. 
John dedicated his entire life to his 
beloved U.S. Air Force. Not only did he serve honorably, John was also an inte-gral participant in so many of the milestones that are now a part of Air Force history. 
John never lost his love of flight. He 
continued to fly well into his late eighties in his restored Fairchild PT 19/ 26, which is the same aircraft he ini-tially learned to fly in as a cadet in the Army Air Corps. 
Lt. Col. John Nolan’s entire life was 
for God and country. He married Marie Di Giambattista on January 6, 1944, be-fore he was assigned overseas. To-gether, they raised four children. Marie sacrificed much, as so many of our military families experience today, moving 23 times in John’s 20-year ca-reer. They were married 71 years. Only 27 days after Marie passed, John died this past July 3, 2015, at the age of 94. 
We owe a debt of gratitude to John 
Nolan and his family. He led an ex-traordinary life at a time when our country needed people like him the most. Through all of this, he remained humble. We will never forget his sac-rifices and patriotism. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRED GRAY 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today 
I wish to recognize the life and accom-plishments of civil rights attorney Fred Gray, Sr., of Montgomery, AL. 
Fred Gray was born in Montgomery, 
AL, on December 14, 1930. He attended the Nashville Christian Institute and received a baccalaureate degree from the then-Alabama State College for Ne-groes. From there, he went on to re-ceive a law degree from Case Western Reserve University School of Law in Cleveland, OH. Mr. Gray passed the bar examination and returned to his home town of Montgomery to establish a law office. He dedicated himself to the goal of ‘‘destroying everything segregated he could find.’’ He also began preaching at the Holt Street Church of Christ. 
During the 1950s and 1960s civil rights 
movement, Mr. Gray worked alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., E.D. Nixon, and other leaders of the move-ment. He represented Claudette Colvin and Rosa Parks, who were charged with disorderly conduct for refusing to seat themselves in the rear of segregated city buses. Mr. Gray also successfully defended Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., against tax evasion charges. In addition, he represented the Mont-
gomery Improvement Association dur-ing the more than yearlong Mont-gomery Bus Boycott of 1955, which ulti-mately led to the United States Su-preme Court case Browder v. Gayle. This case was filed by Mr. Gray. Addi-tionally, Mr. Gray filed and argued the historic and much-cited case of Gomillion v. Lightfoot before the U.S. Supreme Court, which overturned State redistricting of Tuskegee, AL. After this case, Mr. Gray continued to lead legal efforts to desegregate schools in Alabama. 
In 1970, Mr. Gray was one of the first 
African Americans elected as a State legislator in Alabama. However, he did not allow his new role to prevent him from continuing to represent local Ala-bamians in the judicial system. 
In the early 1970s, Mr. Gray rep-
resented plaintiffs in the class-action lawsuit regarding the Federal Tuskegee syphilis study and succeeded in securing appropriate damages and restitutions for 72 study survivors. As a result of efforts led by Mr. Gray, Presi-dent Clinton invited the study sur-vivors and their families to a ceremony at the White House, where he officially apologized for the actions of the Fed-eral Government regarding the study. 
In 2002, Fred Gray became the first 
African-American president of the Ala-bama Bar Association. Mr. Gray has spent his life working to achieve equal justice and liberty for the citizens of Alabama. His dedication to the civil rights movement is unequaled, and we are all grateful for the tireless work he has done on behalf of all Americans. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on December 4, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) had signed the following en-
rolled bill: 
H.R. 22. An act to authorize funds for Fed-
eral-aid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.032 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8634 December 14, 2015 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on December 4, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on December 11, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills: 
H.R. 2250. An act Further Continuing Ap-
propriations Act, 2016. 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on December 11, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on December 11, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 808. An act to establish the Surface 
Transportation Board as an independent es-tablishment, and for other purposes. 
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on December 11, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House agrees to the report of the committee of con-ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforce-ment functions and activities, and for other purposes. 
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on December 11, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 2250) making ap-propriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2795. An act to require the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the ef-fectiveness and availability of first respond-ers before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event. H.R. 3578. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3831. An act to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage. 
H.R. 3869. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to assist State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3875. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chem-ical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 4188. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2795. An act to require the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to submit a study on the circumstances which may impact the ef-fectiveness and availability of first respond-ers before, during, or after a terrorist threat or event; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3578. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen and make improvements to the Directorate of Science and Technology of the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3869. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to assist State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
H.R. 3875. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chem-ical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3849. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Raisins Produced from Grapes Grown in California; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0032) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3850. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Onions Grown in South Texas; In-creased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS– FV–15–0036) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3851. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral Matthew L. Nathan, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3852. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General John F. Kelly, United States Marine Corps, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3853. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the redevel-opment potential of military properties and facilities; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3854. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’ and a semiannual listing of personal property con-tributed by coalition partners; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–3855. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port entitled, ‘‘Acceptance of Contributions for Defense Programs, Projects, and Activi-ties; Defense Cooperation Account’’ and a semiannual listing of personal property con-tributed by coalition partners; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–3856. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Ex-port Administration Regulations to Include Continuation of Emergency Declared in Ex-ecutive Order 12938’’ (RIN0694–AG78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs . 
EC–3857. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3858. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, two reports enti-tled ‘‘Progress of the Federal Government in Meeting the Renewable Energy Goals of the Energy Policy Act of 2005’’ for fiscal years 2009 and 2010, and fiscal years 2011 and 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–3859. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for High-Intensity Discharge Lamps’’ ((RIN1904–AD36) (Docket No. EERE– 2010–BT–STD–0047)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–3860. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petroleum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.006 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8635 December 14, 2015 
and Petroleum Products Produced in Coun-
tries Other Than Iran’’ ; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3861. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report from the Office of the In-spector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3862. A communication from the In-
spector General of the General Services Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector Gen-eral for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3863. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Energy’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from April 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3864. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Peace Corps, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report for the period of April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3865. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Science Foundation, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Foundation’s fiscal year 2015 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–3866. A communication from the Dep-
uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Defense Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through Sep-tember 30, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3867. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Coast-al Fisheries Cooperative Management Act Provisions; American Lobster Fishery’’ (RIN0648–BF16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3868. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Process for Divestiture of Excess Quota Shares in the Individual Fishing Quota Fish-ery’’ (RIN0648–BF11) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3869. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Pe-lagic Fisheries; 2015 Territorial Longline Bigeye Tuna Catch Limits for Guam’’ (RIN0648–XD998) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3870. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifica-tions of the West Coast Commercial and Rec-
reational Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Ac-tions Number 37 and Number 39’’ (RIN0648– XE259) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3871. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Yellowfin Sole for Vessels Partici-pating in the BSAI Trawl Limited Access Fishery in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE312) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3872. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; New Castle, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–1032)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3873. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Witt-Penn Bridge Construc-tion , Hackensack River; Jersey City, NJ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 1008)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3874. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Titan SPAR, Mississippi Can-yon 941, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0320)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3875. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Turritella FPSO, Walker Ridge 551, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0318)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3876. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Unknown substance in the vi-cinity of Kelley’s Island Shoal, Lake Erie; Kelley’s Island, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0994)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3877. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Rich Passage, Manchester, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0943)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3878. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Shell Arctic Drilling/Explo-
ration Vessels, Puget Sound, WA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0295)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3879. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Grounded Vessel, Atlantic Ocean, Port St. Lucie, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0992)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3880. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pago Pago Harbor, American Samoa’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0906)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3881. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Mississippi River between mile 467.0 and 472.0; Transylvania, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0893)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3882. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Mississippi River between mile 488.0 and 480.5; Lake Providence, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0894)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3883. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 520 Bridge Construction, Lake Washington; Seattle, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0570)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3884. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Atlantic Intracoastal Water-way; Oak Island, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0809)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3885. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; West Larose Vertical Lift Bridge; Houma, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0886)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3886. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Labor Day Long Neck Style Fireworks, Indian River Bay; Long Neck, DE’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 
2015–0823)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.008 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8636 December 14, 2015 
EC–3887. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Mad Dog Truss Spar, Green Canyon 782, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0512)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3888. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 520 Bridge Construction, Lake Washington; Seattle, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0570)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3889. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Intermedix IRONMAN 70.3 Event , Savannah River; August, GA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0604)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3890. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Kaskaskia River MM 28 to 29; New Athens, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0777)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3891. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Snake Creek, Islamorada, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0046)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3892. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Celebration Fireworks; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0833)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3893. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Delaware River; Philadelphia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0732)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3894. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Dredging Rouge River, De-troit, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0835)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3895. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Mavericks Surf Com-petition, Half Moon, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) 
(Docket No. USCG–2015–0949)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3896. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation for Battle of Hampton; Hampton River, Hampton, VA’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0820)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3897. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Temporary Change for Recurring Marine Event in the Fifth Coast Guard District’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0400)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 9, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3898. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone: Escorted Vessels, Los Angeles- Long Beach, CA, Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0880)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3899. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Herbert C. Bon-ner Bridge, Oregon Inlet, NC’’ ((RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0987)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3900. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Rancocas Creek, Centerton, NJ’’ ((RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0423)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3901. A communication from the Fed-
eral Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of the Eagle Foothills Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3902. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Takes of Marine Mammals Incidental to Specified Activities; U.S. Navy Training and Testing Activities in the Northwest Training and Testing Study Area’’ (RIN0648–BD89) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3903. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Bal-last Water Management Reporting and Rec-ordkeeping’’ ((RIN1625–AB68) (Docket No. USCG–2012–0924)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 9, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 1250. A bill to encourage States to re-
quire the installation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–179). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2400. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reinstate the financing for the Hazardous Substance Superfund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
TOOMEY ): 
S. Res. 334. A resolution congratulating the 
Pennsylvania State University women’s soc-cer team for winning the 2015 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Soccer Champion-ship; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose moni-toring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 968, a bill to require the Commis-sioner of Social Security to revise the medical and evaluation criteria for de-termining disability in a person diag-nosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals dis-abled by Huntington’s Disease. 
S. 1446 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.011 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8637 December 14, 2015 
(Mr. L EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1446, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1767 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1767, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with re-spect to combination products, and for other purposes. 
S. 2033 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2033, a bill to provide that 6 of the 12 weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 2185, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2200 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2200, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 2282 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2282, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplan-tation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2297 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2297, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-courage Medicare beneficiaries to vol-untarily adopt advance directives guid-ing the medical care they receive. 
S. 2312 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2312, a bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to make improvements to pay-ments for durable medical equipment under the Medicare and Medicaid pro-grams. 
At the request of Ms. H
EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2312, supra. 
S. 2337 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2337, a bill to improve homeland security by enhancing the require-ments for participation in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2338 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2338, a bill to award grants to States for the development of innovative long- term services and supports programs. 
S. 2344 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Alabama 
(Mr. S ESSIONS ) and the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2344, a bill to provide au-thority for access to certain business records collected under the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certification requirements for access to telephone toll and trans-actional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2361 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2361, a bill to enhance airport se-curity, and for other purposes. 
S. 2393 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Senator 
from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ), the 
Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the 
Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) and the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN) were added as cosponsors of S. 
2393, a bill to extend temporarily the extended period of protection for mem-bers of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 334—CON-
GRATULATING THE PENNSYL-VANIA STATE UNIVERSITY WOM-EN’S SOCCER TEAM FOR WIN-NING THE 2015 NATIONAL COLLE-GIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION SOCCER CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 334 
Whereas, on December 6, 2015, the Pennsyl-
vania State University Nittany Lions won the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Asso-ciation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Soccer Championship, also known as the College Cup, in Cary, North Carolina with a hard-fought victory over the Duke University Blue Devils in a 1-0 match; 
Whereas the Nittany Lions women’s soccer 
team won their first ever NCAA Soccer Championship after advancing to the College Cup for the fifth time and the College Cup Final for the second time; 
Whereas the Pennsylvania State Univer-
sity Nittany Lions are the first Big Ten team to earn an NCAA Women’s Soccer Championship; 
Whereas the Pennsylvania State Univer-
sity Nittany Lions won both the Big Ten reg-ular season title and the Big Ten Tour-nament, concluding the 2015 season with a record of 16 wins, including 15 shutouts, and only 3 losses; 
Whereas senior Raquel Rodriguez was 
named a First Team All-American by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America; 
Whereas seniors Britt Eckerstrom and 
Raquel Rodriguez were named to the Aca-demic All-District 2 First Team by the Col-lege Sports Information Directors of Amer-ica; and 
Whereas, this season, Head Coach Erica 
Walsh and her coaching staff depended on team captains Raquel Rodriguez, Mallory Weber, and Britt Eckerstrom to lead by ex-ample on the field: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the Pennsylvania State 
University women’s soccer team, coaches, and staff for winning the 2015 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Soccer Champion-ship; 
(2) commends the Pennsylvania State Uni-
versity women’s soccer team, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication; and 
(3) recognizes the students, faculty, alum-
ni, and devoted fans of Pennsylvania State University who supported the Nittany Lions on the path to winning their first ever Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Soc-cer Championship. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2927. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. T HUNE  
(for himself, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , and 
Mr. W YDEN )) proposed an amendment to the 
bill S. 2044, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate re-garding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.027 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8638 December 14, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2927. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
THUNE (for himself, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. W YDEN )) proposed 
an amendment to the bill S. 2044, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regard-ing the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the sub-ject of the contract, and for other pur-poses; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Consumer 
Review Freedom Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONSUMER REVIEW PROTECTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Trade Commission. 
(2) C OVERED COMMUNICATION .—The term 
‘‘covered communication’’ means a written, oral, or pictorial review, performance assess-ment of, or other similar analysis of, includ-ing by electronic means, the goods, services, or conduct of a person by an individual who is party to a form contract with respect to which such person is also a party. 
(3) F
ORM CONTRACT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘form contract’’ means a contract with standardized terms— 
(i) used by a person in the course of selling 
or leasing the person’s goods or services; and 
(ii) imposed on an individual without a 
meaningful opportunity for such individual to negotiate the standardized terms. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘‘form contract’’ 
does not include an employer-employee or independent contractor contract. 
(4) P
ICTORIAL .—The term ‘‘pictorial’’ in-
cludes pictures, photographs, video, illustra-tions, and symbols. 
(b) I
NVALIDITY OF CONTRACTS THATIMPEDE  
CONSUMER REVIEWS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), a provision of a form contract is void from the inception of such contract if such provision— 
(A) prohibits or restricts the ability of an 
individual who is a party to the form con-tract to engage in a covered communication; 
(B) imposes a penalty or fee against an in-
dividual who is a party to the form contract for engaging in a covered communication; or 
(C) transfers or requires an individual who 
is a party to the form contract to transfer to any person any intellectual property rights in review or feedback content, with the ex-ception of a non-exclusive license to use the content, that the individual may have in any otherwise lawful covered communication about such person or the goods or services provided by such person. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (1) shall be construed to affect— 
(A) any duty of confidentiality imposed by 
law (including agency guidance); 
(B) any civil cause of action for defama-
tion, libel, or slander, or any similar cause of action; 
(C) any party’s right to remove or refuse to 
display publicly on an Internet website or webpage owned, operated, or otherwise con-trolled by such party any content of a cov-ered communication that— 
(i) contains the personal information or 
likeness of another person or is libelous, harassing, abusive, obscene, vulgar, sexually explicit, or inappropriate with respect to race, gender, sexuality, ethnicity, or other intrinsic characteristic; (ii) is unrelated to the goods or services of-
fered by or available at such party’s Internet website or webpage; or 
(iii) is clearly false or misleading; or (D) a party’s right to establish terms and 
conditions with respect to the creation of photographs or video of such party’s prop-erty when those photographs or video are created by an employee or independent con-tractor of a commercial entity and solely in-tended for commercial purposes by that enti-ty. 
(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to the extent that a provision of a form contract prohibits disclosure or submis-sion of, or reserves the right of a person or business that hosts online consumer reviews or comments to remove— 
(A) trade secrets or commercial or finan-
cial information obtained from a person and considered privileged or confidential; 
(B) personnel and medical files and similar 
information the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy; 
(C) records or information compiled for law 
enforcement purposes, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwar-ranted invasion of personal privacy; 
(D) content that is unlawful or otherwise 
meets the requirements of paragraph (2)(C); or 
(E) content that contains any computer vi-
ruses, worms, or other potentially damaging computer code, processes, programs, applica-tions, or files. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for a 
person to offer a form contract containing a provision described as void in subsection (b). 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT BY COMMISSION .— 
(1) U NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRAC -
TICES .—A violation of subsection (c) by a per-
son with respect to which the Commission is empowered under section 5(a)(2) of the Fed-eral Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an unfair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). 
(2) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall en-
force this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this Act. 
(B) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any per-
son who violates this section shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privi-leges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). 
(e) E
NFORCEMENT BY STATES .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION .—Subject to subpara-
graph (B), in any case in which the attorney general of a State has reason to believe that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engagement of any person subject to subsection (c) in a practice that violates such subsection, the attorney general of the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief. 
(2) R
IGHTS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— 
(A) N OTICE TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (iii), the attorney general of a State shall notify the Commission in writing that the attorney general intends to bring a civil action under paragraph (1) before initiating the civil action against a person described in subsection (d)(1). (ii) C
ONTENTS .—The notification required 
by clause (i) with respect to a civil action shall include a copy of the complaint to be filed to initiate the civil action. 
(iii) E
XCEPTION .—If it is not feasible for the 
attorney general of a State to provide the notification required by clause (i) before ini-tiating a civil action under paragraph (1), the attorney general shall notify the Com-mission immediately upon instituting the civil action. 
(B) I
NTERVENTION BY FEDERAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The Commission may— 
(i) intervene in any civil action brought by 
the attorney general of a State under para-graph (1) against a person described in sub-section (d)(1); and 
(ii) upon intervening— (I) be heard on all matters arising in the 
civil action; and 
(II) file petitions for appeal of a decision in 
the civil action. 
(3) I
NVESTIGATORY POWERS .—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exer-cising the powers conferred on the attorney general by the laws of the State to conduct investigations, to administer oaths or affir-mations, or to compel the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of documentary or other evidence. 
(4) P
REEMPTIVE ACTION BY FEDERAL TRADE  
COMMISSION .—If the Federal Trade Commis-
sion institutes a civil action or an adminis-trative action with respect to a violation of subsection (c), the attorney general of a State may not, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil action under paragraph (1) against any defendant named in the com-plaint of the Commission for the violation with respect to which the Commission insti-tuted such action. 
(5) V
ENUE ; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— 
(A) V ENUE .—Any action brought under 
paragraph (1) may be brought in— 
(i) the district court of the United States 
that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or 
(ii) another court of competent jurisdic-
tion. 
(B) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action 
brought under paragraph (1), process may be served in any district in which the defend-ant— 
(i) is an inhabitant; or (ii) may be found. (6) A
CTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In addition to civil ac-
tions brought by attorneys general under paragraph (1), any other consumer protec-tion officer of a State who is authorized by the State to do so may bring a civil action under paragraph (1), subject to the same re-quirements and limitations that apply under this subsection to civil actions brought by attorneys general. 
(B) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to prohibit an authorized official of a State from initiating or continuing any proceeding in a court of the State for a violation of any civil or criminal law of the State. 
(f) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH FOR BUSI-
NESSES .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall commence conducting edu-cation and outreach that provides businesses with non-binding best practices for compli-ance with this Act. 
(g) R
ELATION TO STATE CAUSES OF AC-
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to affect any cause of action brought by a person that exists or may exist under State law. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—This section shall 
take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, except that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.033 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8639 December 14, 2015 
(1) subsections (b) and (c) shall apply with 
respect to contracts in effect on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act; and 
(2) subsections (d) and (e) shall apply with 
respect to contracts in effect on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
f 
CONSUMER REVIEW FREEDOM ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 316, S. 2044. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2044) to prohibit the use of cer-
tain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Consumer Re-
view Freedom Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONSUMER REVIEW PROTECTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Trade Commission. 
(2) C OVERED COMMUNICATION .—The term 
‘‘covered communication’’ means a written, oral, or pictorial review, performance assessment of, or other similar analysis of, including by electronic means, the goods, services, or conduct of a person by an individual who is party to a form contract with respect to which such person is also a party. 
(3) F
ORM CONTRACT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the term ‘‘form contract’’ means a contract with standardized terms— 
(i) used by a person in the course of selling or 
leasing the person’s goods or services; and 
(ii) imposed on an individual without a mean-
ingful opportunity for such individual to nego-tiate the standardized terms. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘‘form contract’’ 
does not include an employer-employee or inde-pendent contractor contract. 
(4) P
ICTORIAL .—The term ‘‘pictorial’’ includes 
pictures, photographs, video, illustrations, and symbols. 
(b) I
NVALIDITY OF CONTRACTS THATIMPEDE  
CONSUMER REVIEWS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graphs (2) and (3), a provision of a form con-tract is void from the inception of such contract if such provision— 
(A) prohibits or restricts the ability of an indi-
vidual who is a party to the form contract to en-gage in a covered communication; 
(B) imposes a penalty or fee against an indi-
vidual who is a party to the form contract for engaging in a covered communication; or 
(C) transfers or requires an individual who is 
a party to the form contract to transfer to any person any intellectual property rights in review or feedback content, with the exception of a non-exclusive license to use the content, that the individual may have in any otherwise law-ful covered communication about such person or the goods or services provided by such person. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in para-
graph (1) shall be construed to affect— (A) any duty of confidentiality imposed by 
law (including agency guidance); 
(B) any civil action for defamation, libel, or 
slander, or any similar cause of action; 
(C) any party’s right to remove or refuse to 
publish any statement on an Internet website owned or operated by such party that contains the personal information or likeness of another person or is libelous, harassing, abusive, ob-scene, vulgar, sexually explicit, inappropriate with respect to race, gender, sexuality, eth-nicity, or other intrinsic characteristic, or that is unrelated to the goods or services offered by such party; or 
(D) a party’s right to establish terms and con-
ditions with respect to the creation of photo-graphs or video of such party’s property when those photographs or video are created by an employee or independent contractor of a com-mercial entity and solely intended for commer-cial purposes by that entity. 
(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to the extent that a provision of a form contract prohibits disclosure of the following: 
(A) Trade secrets or commercial or financial 
information obtained from a person and consid-ered privileged or confidential. 
(B) Personnel and medical files and similar in-
formation the disclosure of which would con-stitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of per-sonal privacy. 
(C) Records or information compiled for law 
enforcement purposes, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted inva-sion of personal privacy. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—It shall be unlawful for a 
person to offer or enter into a form contract con-taining a provision described as void in sub-section (b). 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT BY COMMISSION .— 
(1) U NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRAC -
TICES .—A violation of subsection (c) by a person 
with respect to which the Commission is empow-ered under section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)) shall be treated as a violation of a rule defining an un-fair or deceptive act or practice prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)). 
(2) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall en-
force this section in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Com-mission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incor-porated into and made a part of this Act. 
(B) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Any person 
who violates this section shall be subject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and im-munities provided in the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). 
(e) E
NFORCEMENT BY STATES .— 
(1) A UTHORIZATION .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), in any case in which the attorney general of a State has reason to believe that an interest of the residents of the State has been or is threatened or adversely affected by the engage-ment of any person subject to subsection (c) in a practice that violates such subsection, the at-torney general of the State may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appropriate district court of the United States to obtain appropriate relief. 
(2) R
IGHTS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— 
(A) N OTICE TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(iii), the attorney general of a State shall notify the Commission in writing that the attorney general intends to bring a civil action under paragraph (1) before initiating the civil action against a person described in subsection (d)(1). 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The notification required by 
clause (i) with respect to a civil action shall in-clude a copy of the complaint to be filed to ini-tiate the civil action. 
(iii) E
XCEPTION .—If it is not feasible for the 
attorney general of a State to provide the notifi-cation required by clause (i) before initiating a 
civil action under paragraph (1), the attorney general shall notify the Commission immediately upon instituting the civil action. 
(B) I
NTERVENTION BY FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.—The Commission may— 
(i) intervene in any civil action brought by the 
attorney general of a State under paragraph (1) against a person described in subsection (d)(1); and 
(ii) upon intervening— (I) be heard on all matters arising in the civil 
action; and 
(II) file petitions for appeal of a decision in 
the civil action. 
(3) I
NVESTIGATORY POWERS .—Nothing in this 
subsection may be construed to prevent the at-torney general of a State from exercising the powers conferred on the attorney general by the laws of the State to conduct investigations, to administer oaths or affirmations, or to compel the attendance of witnesses or the production of documentary or other evidence. 
(4) P
REEMPTIVE ACTION BY FEDERAL TRADE  
COMMISSION .—If the Federal Trade Commission 
institutes a civil action or an administrative ac-tion with respect to a violation of subsection (c), the attorney general of a State may not, during the pendency of such action, bring a civil action under paragraph (1) against any defendant named in the complaint of the Commission for the violation with respect to which the Commis-sion instituted such action. 
(5) V
ENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— 
(A) V ENUE.—Any action brought under para-
graph (1) may be brought in— 
(i) the district court of the United States that 
meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or 
(ii) another court of competent jurisdiction. (B) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action 
brought under paragraph (1), process may be served in any district in which the defendant— 
(i) is an inhabitant; or (ii) may be found. (6) A
CTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In addition to civil actions 
brought by attorneys general under paragraph (1), any other officer of a State who is author-ized by the State to do so may bring a civil ac-tion under paragraph (1), subject to the same re-quirements and limitations that apply under this subsection to civil actions brought by attor-neys general. 
(B) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this sub-
section may be construed to prohibit an author-ized official of a State from initiating or con-tinuing any proceeding in a court of the State for a violation of any civil or criminal law of the State. 
(f) E
DUCATION AND OUTREACH FOR BUSI-
NESSES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall commence conducting education and outreach that provides businesses with non-binding best practices for compliance with this Act. 
(g) R
ELATION TO STATE CAUSES OF ACTION .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to af-fect any cause of action brought by a person that exists or may exist under State law. 
(h) E
FFECTIVE DATES.—This section shall take 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, except that— 
(1) subsections (b) and (c) shall apply with re-
spect to contracts in effect on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) subsections (d) and (e) shall apply with re-
spect to contracts in effect on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute be with-drawn; that the Thune substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.033 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8640 December 14, 2015 
as amended, be read a third time and 
passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported substitute 
amendment was withdrawn. 
The amendment (No. 2927) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The bill (S. 2044), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
BILLY FRANK JR. TELL YOUR 
STORY ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2270, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2270) to redesignate the 
Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Ref-uge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife ref-uge, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read three times and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2270) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE PENNSYL-
VANIA STATE UNIVERSITY WOM-EN’S SOCCER TEAM FOR WIN-NING THE 2015 NATIONAL COLLE-GIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION SOCCER CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 334, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 334) congratulating 
the Pennsylvania State University women’s soccer team for winning the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Association Soccer Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 334) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consultation with the chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the appointment of the following indi-viduals to serve as members of the United States-China Economic Secu-rity Review Commission: Byron Dor-gan of North Dakota and Carte P. Goodwin of West Virginia. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
DECEMBER 15, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Decem-ber 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:34 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 15, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ALAN J. KRECZKO, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2019, VICE PAUL CHERECWICH, JR., RESIGNED. 
JAMES R. WHITE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2020, VICE NANCY KILLEFER, TERM EXPIRED. 
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
EDITH RAMIREZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A FEDERAL 
TRADE COMMISSIONER FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM SEPTEMBER 26, 2015. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
ANDREW MAYOCK, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE DEPUTY DIREC-
TOR FOR MANAGEMENT, OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, VICE BETH F. COBERT. IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
PETER L. REYNOLDS 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER P. CALDER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JEREMY W. CANNON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TED W. LIEU 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JODENE M. ALEXANDER MICHAEL C. BRICE EDWARD L. CULLUMBER DEBORAH J. ROBINSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN LOUIS ARENDALE II KAMMIE J. DEGHETTO KAREN L. GARDNER JAMES P. PALMISANO MINH–TRI BA TRINH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
BONNIE JOY BOSLER LEE W. BRADSHAW ADA MIREA COLLIER SUSAN G. GEER MILDRED CAMILLA GLOVER GARY W. HOPKINS JEANNE K. LAFOUNTAIN DIANNE LOUISE SLATEN STEVEN J. THEOHARES MICHELLE R. TIRADO JENNIFER LYNN WEDEL ESTHER L. WEIGHTMAN LIANE L. WEINBERGER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ARDEN B. ANDERSEN JEFFREY S. BUI PETER K. DERUSSY DAVID A. GERBER CRYSTAL L. HNATKO PATRICK U. HSIEH MIGUEL ANGEL PIRELA–CRUZ CATHERINE R. S. PLATT STEVEN D. PODNOS NEAL PATRICK RIDGE SIRAJ A. SAYEED HENRY SCHWARTZ JOSHUA L. WRIGHT MARK A. ZELKOVIC 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TODD ANDREW LUCE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LEBANE S. HALL DAVID F. PENDLETON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
WILLIAM CHARLES DUNLAP JOHN P. GILLESPIE ROBERT K. MCGHEE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAWN D. BELLACK WALTER F. COPPERSMITH CHRISTOPHER W. DENTEL SCOTT S. DRIGGS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14DE6.022 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8641 December 14, 2015 
SHANNON R. HANSCOM 
JEFFERY B. MORRIS CLAYTON E. ROBERTSON ANGELA LYNN TILLMAN ANDREW J. TURNER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KATHERINE E. AASEN DAVID R. ANDERSON DANTE C. BADIA MICHAEL V. BAUTISTA SAMUEL P. BAXTER 
BRIAN KERTULLA BEACHKOFSKI BRIAN ALLAN BETTS PATRICK ALLEN BROWN ROBERT N. BURGESS PATRICK EDWARD CAMPBELL SCOTT A. CARLIN SEAN M. CARPENTER LIESL RADERER CARTER RANDALL WILKINS CASON, JR. JEANNETTE E. CLARK IAN S. COOGAN DAVID L. CORRICK ANDREW A. CRUM RICHARD A. DEEMER, JR. MATTHEW CHRISTOPHER DIXON XAVIAN L. DRAPER BRIAN W. EDDY MICHAEL H. EGBALIC ANDREW J. EILER, JR. MARGARET J. ELDER DAVID W. ENFIELD JASON W. EVENSON SPIROS L. FAFALIOS HEATH D. FOWLER LONNIE GARRIS III KENNETH L. GEILE JAMES R. GRESIS ANGELA GUNDERSEN WILLIAM H. GUTERMUTH LESLIE S. HADLEY SHANNON D. HAILES PETER J. HALL JAMES L. HARTLE WILLIAM L. HATZFELD ANDREAS SIGMUND HAU RICHARD M. HEASLIP AARON J. HEICK ASHLEY LEWIS HEYEN BEBE D. HOLLINGSHEAD JOE D. HOUK BRENT A. HYDEN MICHELLE K. IDLE JOSEPH DANIEL JANIK BRADY G. JOHNSON JAY D. JOHNSON DAVID LEE JONES DEANNA L. KETTERER THOMAS J. KLEMAS ERIC T. KOS ROBERT F. KUEHN DAVID M. KURLE ANDREA J. LA FORCE ANDREW T. LYONS SUSAN L. MAKI SARAH W. MANGAHAS CRISTIANO A. MARCHIORI SHANE M. MATHERNE MICHAEL B. MCCLANAHAN MICHAEL T. MCGINLEY ANDRE A. MCMILLIAN JAMES GABRIEL MEAD KATHRYN A. MERCER MARVIN T. MERCIER MATTHEW T. MUHA STEPHEN J. NESTER KARLA K. OCONNOR JOSEPH R. ORCUTT NEIL D. OTTO STEPHANIE A. OUDING DARREN A. PALADINO KIRSTEN M. PALMER MARLENA V. PARKER NIKHIL S. PATEL MELISSA K. PHILLIPS TAMARA R. POHLE SOLEIMAN RAHEL KENNETH S. RATLIFF MARK D. RICHEY ARTHUR J. RODI MICHAEL W. RYAN REGINA A. SABRIC RICHARD THOMAS SAUNDERS JAMES C. SAVAGE VANESSA E. SAVAS LEAH C. SCHMIDT EDWARD C. SEGURA JASON E. SHROYER DEAN D. SNIEGOWSKI WILLIAM G. STEVENS II KEVIN M. STEWART MARK T. STEWART JEFFERY T. STRICKER NICLAS P. SZOKE MICHAEL A. THOMAS ROBERT W. VANHOY II CHRISTOPHER A. VORSE MATTHEW F. WADD JENNIFER L. WALLER ROBERT A. WIEMAN JAMES C. WOOD JENNIFER L. WRYNN SAXON T. YANDELL 
ARCHER M. YATES, JR. CHRISTOPHER M. ZIDEK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
BRYAN M. BARROQUEIRO RYAN P. CORRIGAN ARNOLD R. DEASIS DENNIS M. DUKE DAVID I. FINK JOSEPH MANNINO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRYAN M. DAVIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TODD E. COMBS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAVID H. AAMIDOR CHRISTIAN A. ABNEY MARK A. ABOWD KYLE R. ABRUZZESE ERIC R. ACKLES EMORY O. ADAMS JEFFREY C. AGNEW BRUCE E. AHO DAVID P. ALLEN KHRISTINA N. ALLEN TIMOTHY L. ALVARADO CHAD E. AMACKER BRADEN I. AMIGO BARRY G. AMMONS ABRAHAM S. ANDERSON JONATHAN G. ANDERSON JONATHAN O. ANDRADE ANTHONY E. ANDREWS BRANDON C. ANDREWS KEITH E. ANGWIN VINCENT J. ANNUNZIATO JEAN D. ARCHER WILLIAM E. ARCHER BRANDON J. ARCHULETA JEREMY J. ARIAS FRANK ARMESON THOMAS D. ARNOLD AMARA J. ATELLA JOEL F. ATER ARTHUR J. ATHENS NATHAN B. AUBE ANTWAN C. AUSTIN JULIE V. AUSTIN JOLENE M. AYRES ALBERTO A. BAEZ MATTHEW J. BAILEY CHASE S. BAKER TYLER D. BAKER HICHAM F. BAKKAR ASHER J. BALLEW WALLACE W. BANDEFF BRANDON M. BANGSBOLL JOSEPH B. BARBER NICOLE R. BARDWELL NATHAN J. BARLOW CHAD A. BARNES JOHN D. BARRINGTON NICHOLAS G. BARRY ERIC M. BARTON MATTHEW S. BAUER LUTHUR A. BEAZLEY IV ROBERT G. BECOTTE ALEXANDER J. BEDARD LLOYD E. BEDFORD III JAMES H. BELINGA JULIAN A. BENITEZPENUELAS DEREK M. BENZ JAY R. BERGER JEFFREY L. G. BERNASCONI JOSEPH BETZ DAVID K. BHATTA DANIELLE N. BIERING BRIAN W. BIFULCO JOHN S. BILAL JENNIFER L. BLACKWELL TIMOTHY R. BLAIR ERIC L. BLEWETT BILLY D. BLUE CRAIG A. BONHAM ANTHONY A. BOOHER DAVID T. BOOKER BENJAMIN N. BOOTH TEDDY W. BORAWSKI JOSHUA K. BORRELL TIMOTHY L. BOSWELL JOSHUA D. BOWNS MICHAEL R. BRABENDER WILLIAM H. BRADLEY DANIEL P. BRADY THOMAS J. BRAMANTI WILLIAM A. BRANCH DANIEL R. BRANER 
MARK D. BRIDGES ROBERT J. BRIGGS KEVIN P. BRITT WYATT A. BRITTEN BENJAMIN S. BROBERG SHELDON E. BROEDEL DANIEL T. BROOKS LATISHA M. BROOKS OWEN M. BROOM CONRAD C. BROWN GLEN A. BROWN MATTHEW R. BROWN PAUL R. BROWN WILLIAM A. BROWN IV JONATHAN R. BROWNING RYAN D. BRUNER ADAM R. BUCHANAN RODNEY J. BUNYAN JOHN T. BURCH III ROBERT M. BURNHAM III BRIAN S. BURNS JOHN P. BURNS MATTHEW B. BURTON NOAH E. B. BUSBEY LUKE S. BUSHATZ NEREA M. CAL TRIVIUS G. CALDWELL LUKE A. CALVERT THOMAS S. CAMPBELL TYJUAN J. CAMPBELL RYAN D. CANNON NICHOLAS J. CAPUTO ZACHARY CARBONELL KRISTINA A. CARNEY CARL J. CAROFFINO BEAU G. CARROLL BRIAN A. CARROLL JAMES R. CARROLL JUSTIN R. CARTER PATRICK T. CARUSO 
MICHAEL P. CARVELLI MICHAEL L. CASIANO MARIA C. CASTILLO VENANCIO O. CASTRO ALAN C. CAUSEY HARRY A. CENTENO JUSTIN J. CHABALKO DAVID D. CHAMBERLAIN JOHN R. CHAMBERS MICAH J. CHAPMAN FECKER CHARLOT BRANDON T. CHASE JEFFREY W. CHASE BRANDON M. CHENEY BRETT H. CHERESKIN JIM D. CHESHIER PAUL P. CHEVAL BENJAMIN A. CHOVANEC ALEXANDER N. CHUNG DAVID S. CLAMON ADAM M. CLARK JAMES R. CLEARY SAM E. CLEGG III LOGAN G. CLOANINGER LEILA M. COCKEREL JOAB H. COHE ARI A. COHEN KENNETH T. COLLINS MELANIE D. COLLINS CURBY A. COLVIN JONATHAN K. COMBS AUSTIN G. COMMONS TIMOTHY D. CONLEY NIGEL R. COOK ALLEN M. COONES RICHARD A. CORDERO COLIN M. CORRIGAN CHRISTOPHER M. COUCH MATTHEW A. COYNE ASHLEY L. CRAIG BRENDAN M. CRANE CHARLES C. CRAWFORD PETER J. CRAWFORD DAVID R. CRIGGER JUSTIN M. CROWE DANIEL B. CRUMBY LAWRENCE M. CSASZAR NICHOLAS C. CURRIE DREW A. CURRISTON GARY R. CUTLER, JR. BRENT A. DALTON DAVID N. DANFORD QUYEN N. DANG IANA J. DANIELS RYAN K. DAVID AIDA M. DAVIS JASON C. M. DAVIS JORDON S. DAVIS JOSEPH R. DAVIS JOSEPH W. DAVIS CHRISTOPHER T. DAY JOHN F. DEAL, JR. RYAN J. DEBELTZ KENT C. DEBENEDICTIS JOSEPH M. DECHAUNY ADAM J. DECKER DAVID J. DEDERICH ALEX J. DEEP ZACHARY F. DEGROOT ROSA A. DELANEY JONATHAN M. DELL AMANDA L. DELRE PHILLIP M. DENKER ZACHARY D. DENTON JUSTIN A. DEPUE JAISON D. DESAI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.013 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8642 December 14, 2015 
STEPHEN D. DEUBLE 
PAMELA J. DEVILLE JAMES P. DEVLIN NATHAN C. DIAZ LOGAN J. DICK JONATHAN M. DOERSCH FRANK A. DOLBERRY CLAUDIA L. DONAHUE MATHEW DONOFRIO ANDRES R. DONOSO MARK S. DORSEY MATTHEW A. DOTSON RYAN P. DOUGHERTY AARON T. DOUTT JAMES T. DOWELL JEANPIERRE DRAGAN ASHLEY L. DRAKE DOUGLAS D. DROESCH JUSTIN M. DUCOTE JACOB D. DUDLEY ALEX J. DUFFY DONOVAN C. DUKE RYAN M. DUNBAR DAVID F. DUNHAM ANTHONY R. DUNKIN TERRENCE P. DUNN JEREMY A. DUPLECHIN JASON M. DYE AUSTIN S. DZIENGELEWSKI ANDREW S. EAGEN RYAN J. EANDI JONATHAN R. EASTER CLINT T. EDWARDS WILLIAM B. EDWARDS ANDREW P. EGGERS ANDREW H. EICKBUSH MATTHEW G. EIDT JAMES T. ELLIOTT ERIC P. ELSENER ROY E. EMERSON BRADLEY M. ERICKSON 
PEDRO A. ESCAMILLA SCOTT D. ESHOM NICHOLAS M. ESLINGER ANTHONY W. EVANS CHRISTOPHER A. EVANS RICHARD W. EVANS, JR. JENNIFER L. FALCETTO BLAKE FALLER PETER R. FARESE THOMAS F. FEENEY WILLIAM J. FEHRENBACH SCOTT A. FENNELL MICHAEL P. FERRITER ELISE V. FFITCH BRANDY L. FIELDS JONATHAN D. FIETKAU BENJAMIN J. FITTING JOHN P. FLACH TANNER N. FLECK THOMAS C. FLOUNDERS GARY P. FLOWERS II JUSTIN R. FOLEY ANDY K. FONG TIMOTHY C. FORRY JAMES R. FORSYTH NATHANIEL I. FOUST JOEL L. FRANCESCHI KEVIN R. FRANKE JASON E. FRANKLIN RICHARD L. FRANKO MICHAEL A. FRANSON TRENTON L. FREEMAN BRYAN D. FRENCH ERIN S. FRITZLER HAROLD G. FROST ROBERT M. FULLERTON JOEL D. FUNK CHRISTOPHER T. GAGE JEFFREY P. GAINES JAMES D. GALLAGHER CLINT R. GALLOWAY BRIAN A. GALNEAU TANNER C. GARRETT DOMINIC V. GARRITANO MICHAEL T. GASSER CHRISTOPHER A. GEHRI MATTHEW A. GEORGE ERIC M. GIANNARIS MATTHEW S. GIFFEN KEITH L. GILBERT SAMUEL S. GILSTRAP NICOLE M. GIVENS THOMAS A. GIVENS SERGE GLUSHENKO MATTHEW J. GOMOLL JENNIFER L. GONSER DANIEL I. GONZALEZ ROBERTO GONZALEZ JAMES M. GORMAN RYAN W. GRAF WILLIAM H. GRATZ ROBERT B. GRAVES DOUGLAS G. GRAY MATTHEW L. GREEN SETH M. GREEN JONOTHAN D. GREENE MATTHEW A. GREENWOOD ALLEN T. GRIFFITH ROLAND D. GRIFFITH JEFFERSON T. GRIMES CODY R. GRIMM SETH A. GRIMM DANIEL C. GROLLER JOSHUA A. GRUBBS PETER A. GUERDAN SETH A. GULSBY JENNY M. GUNDERSON 
WILLIAM HACKENBRACHT JONATHAN E. HAGEN ASHLEY B. HAHN ALEXANDER D. HAIN COLLIN N. HAMEL ANDERS C. HAMLIN WILLIAM R. HANCOCK III MICHAEL S. HANDLAN CHRISTOPHER L. HANES EMILY C. HANNENBERG JOSEPH W. HANSEN DREW HANSON SCOTT J. HARR CLAUDIA H. HARRIS LUCAS G. HARRIS LARS E. HARSTAD BENJAMIN W. HARTIG BRIAN C. HARTIGAN CHRISTOPHER A. HASKELL KYLE J. HATZINGER HUGH M. HAYDEN JEFFREY R. HAYES ISAAC J. HEDTKE MICHAEL L. HEFTI KENT R. HELLMAN JORDAN M. HEMBREE THOMAS E. HENDRIX BRENDAN G. HERING MARK A. HERLICK THOMAS S. HERMAN FRANCISCO M. HERNANDEZ TRAVIS N. HERTLEIN BRYAN C. HERZOG MILES S. HIDALGO JUSTIN V. HIGH GREGORY G. HIGHSTROM COREY D. HILL EARL J. HILLIARD MATTHEW G. HIPP TIMOTHY J. HODGE 
ERIC A. HOELSCHER CHRISTIAN L. HOEMPLER CHRISTOPHER S. HOFFMAN MATTHEW J. HOFFMAN RACHEL E. HOFFMAN ADAM J. HOFFMANN MARK H. HOGAN KYLE S. HOISINGTON WILLIAM H. HOLCOMB ANDREW K. HOLLER MATTHEW J. HOLLER RONALD Q. HOLMAN BRADLEY J. HOLSINGER KAROLINE M. M. HOOD GREGORY C. HOPE RONALD K. HOPKINS BENJAMIN E. HORMANN ANGELA N. HOUSTON MATTHEW T. HOUSTON DWIGHT D. HOWELL PATRICK C. HOWLETT SAMANTHA R. HOXHA JUSTIN G. HUCKABEE STEVEN L. HUCKLEBERRY GARY J. HULL, JR. CALEB J. HYLER JOHN F. IANNO KETTY L. IBANEZ RICHARD M. INGLEBY KYLE A. ISAACS WILLIAM E. IVINS DANIEL R. JACKAN TERRENCE E. JACKSON JASON L. JACOBS FRED A. JANOE JENNIFER K. JANTZI JEFFREY I. JARAMILLO DAVID S. JARZAB MARC W. JASON ERIC M. JAYNE SAMUEL P. JEFFERSON ANDREW P. JENKINS MATTHEW P. JENSEN JUSTIN B. JOHANSON ELIZABETH M. JOHNSON MARCUS W. JOHNSON BRYAN D. JONES CARLTON O. JONES DARRELL C. JONES JAMES E. JONES TREVOR M. JONES RICHARD F. JORDAN GARVIS B. JOYNER SEAN F. JUSTI RICHARD W. JUTEN ALEX A. KAIVAN MICHAEL J. KAMMERER MICHAEL A. KANESS RYAN J. KARASOW LARRY A. KAY JEREMIAH D. KEATING JAMES J. KELLY DAVID M. KENNA BRANDON M. KENNEDY WILLIAM R. KERN JAMAL A. KHAN SEANN H. J. KIM ERIC D. KING VALTON L. KING JONATHAN D. KINGSLEY MICHAEL A. KINSEL ADAM J. KIRSCHLING CHAD O. KLAY EDWARD W. KLEIN GARY M. KLEIN GEOFFREY M. KLEIN STEVEN J. KLINE 
JOHN W. KLING JD L. KNIGHT ZACHARY S. KNOEBEL MICHAEL R. KNOX RIES A. KORSTJENS SCOTT E. KOWALK, JR. JASON M. KOWRACH JOHN G. KRAMPIEN SCOTT M. KRASKO DANIEL W. KRUEGER TIMOTHY V. KUDZIA CHRISTIAN A. LADNIER DANA R. LAFARIER THOMAS E. LANE JAMES J. LANGDEAUX CHERISE M. LAO RAUL A. LAVARREDAPEREZ DAVID L. LAWBURGH KEVIN H. LAWHON BENNY Y. M. LEE LUCAS F. LEINBERGER JOHN R. LEITCH JONATHAN C. LEITER JOSHUA M. LEONE WILLIAM R. LESLEY KYLE G. LESMES HENRY S. LEUNG JASON P. LEVAY TALISHA M. LEWIS MATTHEW S. LINTON DIANNA C. LIVELY ERIC P. LIZAMA BRANDON J. LOONEY NATHAN L. LOOSE ELIAS M. LOREDO JORGE LORENZANA JOHN J. LORME, JR. KRISTOPHER E. LOVINGOOD ANDREW J. LOWERY KERRI L. LOWES 
JAMES W. LUCAS MATTHEW L. LUJAN MARK J. LUKER BRANDON K. LUNDGREN SHAYNE W. LUNDY MATTHEW C. LUYSTER TRAVIS J. LYNCH WILLIAM A. LYNCH IAN L. MACHARRIE MEGAN C. MACHIN CHRISTOPHER D. MAES ANDREW J. MAGGARD BRETT A. MAGINNESS RICHARD A. MAHN DANIEL P. MAHONEY PATRICK J. MAHONEY SHAWN A. MAINS KYLE J. MAKI CHARLES L. MALLARD, JR. KAITLIN K. MANDELKOW NICHOLAS J. MANGHELLI KYLE S. MARCUM SCOTT W. MARLER JUSTIN A. MARTENS CHARLES J. MARTIN FRED E. MARTIN, JR. STEVEN M. MARTIN TIMOTHY J. MARTIN MATTHEW E. MARTINEZ PHILLIP E. MASON LATANYA M. MATTHEWS CAMERON S. MAYS JOSEPH T. MAZZOCCHI JAMES T. MCCABE PETER M. MCCAIN MATTHEW M. MCCARTHY TIMOTHY P. MCCARTHY JASON C. MCCOY NATHANIEL M. MCDONALD TIMOTHY J. MCDONALD SEAN P. MCGARRY KYLE L. MCGILLEN MARSHALL T. MCGURK DANIEL G. MCKEW BRADLEY T. MCMASTER MARVIN B. MCNAIR BRANDON M. MCNAUGHTON BRUCE W. MCPHERSON NOAH L. MCQUEEN ROBERT A. MCQUEEN RUTH A. MEACHAM DANIEL P. MEANY JEREMY S. MEDARIS LESLIE E. MELSON HALEY E. MERCER TROY D. MERKEL PATRICK D. MERRISS TYLER A. MERRITT FRANCIS D. MESSINA KYLE M. METZGER ANDREW J. MICHAEL TIMOTHY L. MIDDLETON JOHN M. MILES ERIK M. MILLER MATTHEW T. MILLER SEAN N. MILLER LYLE R. L. MILLIMAN RYAN B. MIN MICHAEL R. MINGLER LUKE R. MINOGUE DANIEL W. MITCHELL JAMES L. MITCHELL PHILIP J. MIX MATTHEW J. MOBLEY RAYMOND A. MOCKUS ALEXANDER R. MOEN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.015 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8643 December 14, 2015 
ANDREW S. MONROE 
JAMES A. MOONEY, JR. ADAM J. MOORE CONCHO P. MOORE KRISTY R. MOORE OLIVER C. MOORE RAMEY D. MOORE STEPHEN M. MOORE RAUL R. MORALES CRAIG B. MOREHEAD BRADFORD R. MORGAN MARVIN C. MORGAN III WILLIAM J. MORGAN TODD A. MORI CHRISTOPHER B. MORITZ LENNOX G. MORRIS ALISSA K. MORRISON MICHAEL T. MORRISSEY DOUGLAS L. MORTON JEFFREY O. MOSS MICHAEL A. MOUNCE MICHAEL E. MUNROE ROBERT L. MURRAY RICHARD A. MYERS BEHNAZ NABAVIAN ANDREW M. NARCUM FREDRICK O. NASH MILES S. NASH JAMIE L. NEELY CRAIG J. NELSON LINWOOD R. NELSON SHERRIC D. NELSON JEFFREY M. NEPHEW BRANDON K. NEWKIRK MICHAEL M. NGUYEN MATTHEW B. NIAGRO JONATHAN C. NIELSEN JOHN M. NIMMONS CHARLES F. NOBLE NICHOLAS J. NORTON JOSHUA M. OAKLEY 
ELIZABETH M. OBRECHT TIMOTHY J. OCONNOR DOUGLAS N. ODERA ADAM T. ODONNELL DANIEL J. ODONNELL PATRICIA J. OELSCHLAGER LAZARO OLIVA JEANETTE ONTIVEROS JUDE C. ONWUANUMKPE LEAH M. ORLOWSKI DANIEL M. ORR ETHAN P. ORR SCOTT W. ORR ERIC L. ORTIZ BENJAMIN T. OSCHWALD IAN P. OSULLIVAN JOHN A. OTTINGER WYATT C. OTTMAR ROBBY R. OTWELL NICOLAS G. OUIMET DON C. PALERMO DAVID C. PALMER JOSEPH T. PAOLILLI MAXWELL B. PAPPAS DANIEL P. PARKER RYAN C. PARKER ANDREW S. PARTIN MICHAEL R. PASQUALE MATTHEW K. PATHAK MICHAEL A. PATTI MICHAEL PEREZ DUSTIN F. PERKINS ERIC S. PERKINS STANLEY L. PETERS THOMAS P. PETERS BRIAN A. PETERSON STEPHANIE L. PFEIFFER JACOB M. PHILLIPS JOSHUA J. PHILLIPS DANIEL A. PICKETT MARTIN H. PIECUCH BRYAN P. PIERCE ALLAN J. PITCHFORD DANIEL S. PLILEY NATHANIEL A. PLUNKETT JAMES M. PLUTT MICHAEL R. PODOJIL KELLY M. POLASHENSKI NATHAN K. POTOTSCHNIK ADAM R. PRAY KRISTEN M. PRESSLER MATTHEW D. PRIDE VERNON N. PRITCHARD ELIOT S. PROCTOR CLIFFORD A. PULLIG STEVEN A. PYLES CHRISTOPHER D. QUINLAN JOEL D. RADUNZEL JILL M. RAHON SHONNETTE G. RANA DUSTIN W. RANDALL DAVID O. RASER JOSHUA A. RAY ADAM J. REDDEN KATHERINE M. REDDING STEPHEN G. REDMON MATTHEW G. REDMOND TAD S. REED PATRICK K. REEVES ROBERT J. REIDEL JOHN V. REILLY JEROME A. REITANO JONATHAN P. REMBETSY JOSHUA R. REMINGTON JUAN P. REMY COLIN C. REUTINGER PAUL E. RHODES 
CHRISTOPHER M. RICCIARDI MICHAEL RICCITIELLO BLAKE L. RICHTER CHRISTOPHER M. RILEY RICARDO X. RIVERA BRIAN J. ROBERTS JASON E. ROBERTS SIDNEY L. ROBERTS COLIN E. ROBERTSON JOHN W. ROBEY ANDREW D. ROBINSON SARAH E. ROBINSON DANIEL J. ROBLEDO CHASE L. ROE THOMAS B. ROEDER BRETT W. ROEDERER KYLE F. ROGERS SERGIO R. ROMEROCANAS PATRICK R. ROOD SAM J. ROSENBERG ANDREW J. ROSSOW CHRISTOPHER R. ROTTING BRADLEY W. ROUSH JESUS M. RUBIO MATTHEW D. RUSSELL JOSEPH P. RYAN THOMAS R. RYAN, JR. JONATHAN W. RYDER BENJAMIN W. SAAD THOMAS J. SACCHIERI III MICHAEL D. SALAZAR MIGUEL A. SANCHEZ MITCHELL J. SANIK OSVALDO R. SANTIAGOROSARIO RACHEL R. SARVIS COLIN M. SATTLER JACOB B. SAUNDERS MELISSA L. SAYERS DREW A. SCHAUB CHARLES W. SCHEIBE 
JUSTIN J. SCHILTZ ANDREW J. SCHLAF THOMAS S. SCHLICHTER ERIC S. SCHLIEBER JONATHAN D. SCHMIDT AARON T. SCHMUTZ ERICH G. SCHNEE CARL B. SCHREIER KYLE W. SCHRIEFER SHAWN R. SCHROEDER ARIEL M. SCHUETZ PHILLIP G. SCHUPP ANDREW T. SCOTT BENJAMIN S. SCOTT JOHN A. SCOTT MATHEW L. SCOTT GARRETT M. SEARLE MARK T. SEARLES MALIK M. SHAHKARAM DANIEL L. SHALCHI PRANISH D. SHARMA JOHN W. SHAW III DAVID M. SHERCK AMIE E. SHOMETTE TOMMY E. SIEKER MARTIN N. SIGLI JAMES A. SILSBY III ADRIANA J. SILVA ROBERTO A. SILVAS II JAMES C. SIMMONS CARL A. SIMONE MATTHEW T. SKEEN MICHAEL R. SKOK JAMES D. SMALL BRIAN C. SMITH EDWARD M. SMITH ERIC C. SMITH ROBERT J. SMITH RUSSELL B. SMITH STEVEN J. SMITH COLBY J. SMITHMEYER JESE L. SNYDER JOSHUA A. SNYDER CHRISTOPHER SOOD BISHOP J. SPARKS GREGORY R. SPENCE DAVID M. SPENCER RICHARD T. SPOSITO CHARLES A. STAAB ERIK J. STANFIELD SHAWN A. STANGLE JEFFREY C. STAPLER ROBERT D. STCLAIRE JOSEPH P. STEADMAN ERICH R. STEFFENS NATHAN D. STEGER ADAM W. STENBERG GREGORY S. STERLEY MICHAEL D. STEVENS TIMOTHY J. STEVENS ROBERT W. STILLINGS STEPHEN S. STOCK NATHAN E. STOCKTON NICHOLAS J. STOUT TIMOTHY A. STUDENT II DON A. SULLIVAN RYAN M. SULLIVAN RYAN W. SULLIVAN SHANE P. SULLIVAN ANTON A. SWANSON PHILIP C. SWINTEK NICHOLAS S. TALLANT TRENTON W. TALLEY PATRICK R. TANNER IBRAHIM O. TANTAWI JAMES C. TAYLOR ZACHARY L. TEGTMEIER 
JAMES E. TENNER, JR. BRENDON E. TERRY MICHAEL S. THATCHER DANIEL P. THOMAS LEO R. THOMAS COLIN B. THORNE RICHARD D. TILLEY JARED D. TOMBERLIN MICHAEL C. TOMPKINS DALE L. TRAKAS MINH D. TRAN DANIEL L. TREVINO 
DAVID TRINH ERIC V. TRIVETTE NATHANIEL H. TUPPER CAMERON P. TURNER LANGSTON J. TURNER ALEXANDER W. UROSEVICH KRISTEN M. USNICK KRISTOPHER B. VALENTI MICHAEL J. VANKLEECK JACOB D. VANKO JAMES I. VANSANDT III MICHAEL J. VANSTEENKISTE RICHARD A. VARNER DAVID A. VASQUEZ TYLER F. VEST MARK A. VIDOTTO WILLIAM H. VIEGAS BRENDAN P. WADSWORTH RYAN N. WALLACE BRANDON J. WALLER JASON T. WALSH JAMES D. WALTON DEREK B. WAMSLEY PHILIP R. WARD CHATOM J. WARREN RASHAUN D. WARREN LERHONDA J. WASHINGTON BENJAMIN L. WASHKOWIAK MATTHEW G. WATSON BENJAMIN J. WEAVER ANDREW C. WEBB CARL J. WEBER MATTHEW R. WEISNER ROBERT H. WELLS KATHRYN A. WERBACK THAD M. WESCOTT AZIZI V. D. WESMILLER BRIAN C. WHEAT JOSHUA C. WHITE MATTHEW R. WHITE MITCHELL D. WHITE JASON R. WIECZOREK MICHAEL D. WIEHAGEN AARON B. WILCOX PETER R. WILCOX PAUL G. WILKES ROBERT T. WILKINS ANTHONY L. WILLIAMS AICHA D. WILLIAMSON KYRA J. WILLYERD BRIAN N. WILSON CHARLES M. M. WILSON JAMES C. WILSON RICHARD S. WILSON DEVLIN P. WINKELSTEIN BRIAN W. WINTER TODD J. WISMAN JONATHAN G. WISSLER EVAN L. WOLF JASON R. WOLFE MICHAEL A. WOODHOUSE JEROME M. WOODLIN JOSEPH T. WOODS WILLIAM R. WREN GILES H. WRIGHT WILLIAM R. WRIGHT CORY J. WROBLEWSKI HOPE M. WROBLEWSKI DAVID W. YI GEORGE P. YOUNG MEGAN E. YOUNG NICHOLAS W. YOUNG JOSE A. YRIGOLLEN JEFFREY O. ZABALA CHRISTOPHER J. ZAGURSKY PAYE P. ZAWOLO ALEXANDER M. ZERIO HENRY S. ZHANG KIERA K. ZIMMERMAN JASON R. ZUNIGA D010652 D012623 D011601 D012604 G010362 D010649 D012522 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
YONATAN S. ABEBIE BENJAMIN C. ABLE THEOPHILUS ABRAHAM CHARLES C. ADAIR SHEILA M. AGOSTO DANIEL A. ALBERS NICHOLAS L. ALBRIGHT ROSSMARY D. ALVARADO SCOTT R. ALVAREZ ANDREW W. ANDERSEN JAMES R. ANDERSEN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.018 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8644 December 14, 2015 
JAMES A. ANDERSON 
JUSTIN N. ANDERSON SAMUEL E. ANDERSON JAMES T. ATKINSON, JR. ALLEN A. AVERY, JR. RACHELL H. BACA SCOTT A. BAILEY BENJAMIN P. BAKKEN JOSHUA M. BAL STEVEN C. BARNES EUGENE M. BARTH CHRISTOPHER D. BARTOK JASON V. BASILIDES CRAIG BATTLE MATTHEW R. BEAUMONT NICOLAS K. BECK AMY M. BECKER DONALD J. BELL STEVEN J. BENEDETTI JESSICA M. BENNING MARK E. BERGMAN DAVID S. BICKELL BRIAN T. BILLINGSLEY GREGORY A. BIRCH ANTONIO L. BISBALCINTRON TREVOR J. BLACK CHRISTOPHER J. BLACKWELL JEFFREY M. BLAKE JANICE T. BLANE PETER M. BOGART RYAN C. BOILEAU ANDREW E. BOORDA JESSICA E. BOROWICZ TIMOTHY M. BOUCHER DEVLIN T. BOYTER PAMELA L. BRACEY JENNIFER A. BRAY RICHARD R. BRENNAN JENNIFER C. BREWSTER ADAM C. BRINKMAN SHANE L. L. BRIONES 
MATTHEW A. BRITNELL THEODOSIA R. BRITT DELANEY P. BROWN KEVIN A. BROWN TRACY A. BROWN PATRICK L. BRUNDAGE THOMAS J. BRUNEAU TODD A. BRYANT GRANT W. BUBB WILLIAM H. BURGDORF MATTHEW R. BURMEISTER SAMUEL M. BURNS MICAH J. BUSHOUSE JASON G. BUTTRAM KELLY L. CALWAY BREHIMA CAMARA HERBERT C. CAMPBELL III APRIL A. CAMPISE DAVID S. CARMICHAEL NATHAN A. CARY LOUIS M. CASCINO JOSEPH W. CATUDAL ALVIN T. CAVALIER CHRISTOPHER S. CHASE KABA M. CHEGE JEFFREY T. CHEMASKO JAMES H. CHESTER KYSEA L. CHESTNUT STEVEN C. CHILTON WEI C. CHOU ANTHONY S. CHRISTMAS JUN CHU MARIBEL CISNEROS ZACHARY W. CLELAND CHRISTOPHER M. COATNEY MATTHEW F. COHEN BRANDON M. COLAS GARY W. COLLIER JAMES M. COMSTOCK CHRISTOPHER W. CONLIN SINDI A. CONNELL CHARLES B. COOK JUSTIN M. CORBETT BRIAN P. COTTER REGINALD L. COTTON ROBERT K. COWART PETER E. COX LEAH C. CRAINE JEREMY C. CRALLIE CHRISTOPHER J. CRAMER JEFFREY L. CREECH JUSTIN M. CREMISIO KENNETH B. CRESS DANA M. CRIGGER JOHN D. CRUMPACKER ROWELL J. A. CUSTODIO MICHELLE E. CUTTS BRANDON S. DAVIS CAMERON P. DEAN BRYAN D. DEAUBLER JUSTIN D. DECKER WENDY M. DELACRUZ DAVID R. DELAVEGA CHRISTOPHER Y. DELEW ROMELO L. DELOSSANTOS PAUL T. DEMING MATTHEW F. DESABIO DAVID T. DEVIESE PABLO B. DIAZ TANIA P. DONOVAN GARFIELD D. DOUSE JERRY V. DREW VINCENT A. DUENAS DAVID A. DUNN THOMAS A. DYRENFORTH EKZHIN EAR CHEKESHA A. EGGLESTON 
KEITH D. EISENBERGER, JR. SAMER E. ELAKKAD BENJAMIN J. ELLIOTT MICAELA A. ENCARNACION MATTHEW J. ENGELHARDT STEVEN M. EQUILS BRETT R. ERICKSON KENT A. EVERETTE MICHAEL E. FALLS AILEEN E. FARRELL EDDY M. FAZALDIN BRADLEY S. FEES XAVIER T. FELDMAN GREGORY C. FISHER MEAGAN K. FLOREA STEPHANIE K. FLOWERS CRYSTAL A. FLOYD ERIC J. FRANCIS JOHN F. FRANK ORLANDO W. FRASER BRYEN C. FREIGO MATTHEW L. FRITERS RAOUL C. FRUTO MATHEW B. FUKUZAWA CASEY M. FULTON HUNTER A. GALLACHER ALPHONZA L. GASKINS, JR. VICTORIA GEBHARDTSBAUER ERIK J. GEMZA JOHN A. GEORG CHARLES M. GILL STEPHEN E. GILLESPIE MARVIN A. GIPSON HOLLY A. GLISSON JEREMY W. GLOSSON EDMUND L. GOLDSBERRY ANDREW J. GONZALEZ MICHAEL J. GOODNEY BRETT C. GORDON DAVID M. GRANZOW 
MICHAEL C. GRIECO BENJAMIN S. GRIFFIN LINDA F. GRIGGS KEVIN J. GRILO OKSANA GRISKO JAMES Q. GROSSMAN THOMAS A. GROVES ERIC A. HAAS MICHELLE L. HAINES COURTNEY N. HALL KEVIN W. HANCOCK RYAN S. HAND CLAY A. HARDWICK DANIEL W. HARMON DAVID L. HARNESS STEVEN M. HARRISON BRYAN D. HARTMAN JOHN P. HARTRICH ANAMARIA HARTWIG CHRISTOPHER B. HASSAN WILLARD D. HAYES DANIEL R. HENDERSON BRUCE D. HENDRIX, JR. MATTHEW S. HICKS KATHRYN L. HILLEGASS TRISH S. HOLM COREY T. HOLZER BENJAMIN J. HOOKER TERRY M. HORNER ANDREW H. HORSFALL JOE C. HOWARD JOHN C. HOYT THOMAS J. HUDAK KEITH W. HUMBARD STEPHEN G. HUMMEL NATHAN L. HUNTER MICHAEL W. HUNTINGTON PETER S. W. HWANG ZACHARY E. IIAMS CURTIS I. IVINS MEGAN L. JANTOS ALEXANDER L. JEHLE LACEY A. JOHNSON LEONARD M. JOYNER II ROBERT KANG ROSS M. KASTNER ALEXANDER L. KEDROWITSCH ERIC E. KELLY NEIL E. KESTER JAMES E. KIM CURTIS L. KIMBRELL ALICIA E. KING KENNETH T. KING KURT M. KLINGENSMITH DAVID M. KNOX MATTHEW J. KUHLMAN ANDRZEJ V. KUJAWSKI FADJI K. KUMAPLEY JOSEPH K. KYSER ALEXANDER V. LAMOLINARA JOHN B. LAMONT III COLIN J. LASATER JACOB W. LAWRENCE JAMES A. LAX JACKSON LEE JOSHUA J. LEE MICHAEL N. K. LEE NICHOLAS L. LEE MARYA J. LEONG DAVID M. LISOVICH MICHAEL E. LITTLE JOSE L. LIY JENNIFER A. LONG CHAD R. LORENZ JONATHAN M. LOVELACE TROY A. LOVELY GABRIEL A. LUCERO 
GREGORY L. LUDEMAN JUAN D. MAGRI JAMES F. MALLOY II MATTHEW W. MANESS JOHN V. MARICEVIC CHRISTOPHER E. MARION ELIZABETH M. MARLIN ROBERT D. MARTINDILL QUINCY MAYS MARIAH A. MCCALLUM HEATHER L. MCCLELLAN IAN M. MCCORMACK SAMUEL P. MCDOWELL MICHEAL J. MCGATH STEWART A. MCGURK KENT W. MCINNIS SEAN R. MCMAHON CHARLES L. MCMILLIAN JACK E. MCMURROUGH, JR. MARK R. MEDLOCK SELINA A. MEINERS DENNIS N. MERCADO KAINE A. MESHKIN ALAN T. MESKIL LEANDER A. METCALF JUSTIN T. MILLER PEDER C. MILLER JEFFREY P. MILLS JAMES D. MOFFITT, JR. JOSHUA J. MOLGAARD MATTHEW J. MOLINO DIONTANESE Y. MONROE RUTHANN L. MORGAN CARRIEN S. MOTTE CHRISTOPHER A. MULLER PATRICK C. MULLOY RANDAL W. MYERS JENNIFER J. NAM BRIAN C. NICKLAS CHINEDU J. NJOKU 
PATRICK J. NORDAHL WILLIAM K. NORTH NADIR R. NUMAN JOSHUA N. NUNALLY ROBERT J. NUSSBAUMER NATHAN A. OBERMEYER NATHAN D. OLIN ERIC W. OLSON RANDY E. PACE ROBERT L. PAGE ALLISON Y. Y. PAN JOSEPH J. PANETTA DEREK A. PARNELL JEREMY E. PARR JOSHUA B. PARRISH WILLIAM B. PARSONS, JR. SCOTT M. PASTOR NICHOLAS R. PAUL JOSEPH M. PEDERSEN CLIFFORD C. PEDERSON TRINITY T. PETERSON SCOTT L. PIELUSZCZAK SUMATTHANA D. PITTMAN AARON J. PLUTO MARVIN E. POLK STEPHEN L. PRATER MICHAEL E. PREMONT MARNI E. PRENELL ROBERT J. PRESCOTT NICOLE L. PROTZ EDWIN QUILES BJORN S. QUIROGA LEOPELE S. RAABE JUAN C. RAMOS DANIELLE E. REDMON ANDREW K. REMBER ERIC G. REMPFER CHRISTOPHER A. RENOLL JAMES T. REYNOLDS OLEGARIO REYNOSO JONATHAN P. RHODES MICHAEL D. RILEY CESAR E. RIVERA ZULEIKA M. RIVERA DANIEL S. ROBINSON CALVIN P. ROE II TANYA J. ROMAN NADIA L. ROMERO BRIAN H. ROOT MAX R. ROVZAR DIAZ A. B. RUBY JOEL M. R. SABELLA MELISSA C. SALAMANCA ANITA M. SCATTONEFRADY BRIAN M. SCHULTZ PAUL H. SCHUMACHER JOSEPH J. SCHWENDEMANN TENNILLE W. SCOTT JACINTO G. SERNA CHRISTOPHER J. SHAFER RICHARD L. SHARP WILLIAM D. SHARPE NICHOLAS R. SHAW CHRISTINE L. SHEEHAN JACOB T. SHEEHAN DON D. SHEPPARD, JR. LUKE T. SHIBILSKI MATTHEW H. SHOENFELT DENNIS E. SIDRE II ERIK W. SIMONSON DAVID D. SINCLAIR JESSE A. SLADEK JOSHUA D. SLATTERY RYAN F. SLOCUM MATTHEW A. SMALLEY BENJIMAN A. SMITH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.020 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8645 December 14, 2015 
BRIAN W. SMITH 
BRYAN C. SMITH CHRISTOPHER R. SMITH MATTHEW D. SMITH NICOLAS R. SNYDER JASON L. SONG STEVEN C. SONG NATHANIEL R. SPARKS EMMA A. SPARKSHEDMAN TIMOTHY A. SPEACE ADAM M. SPERRY JAMES D. SPILLMAN JEREMY A. SPRUCE JONATHAN E. STAFFORD THOMAS L. STALL LESLIE A. STANFIELD ROCK A. STEVENS BRIAN J. STOFFER CRIS A. STREETZEL TYRONE E. STREIFEL KIRMANIE G. STUART WENDY A. STULL CHRISTINE L. SULENTIC MARGARET A. SYTSMA RAFAL B. SZELAGOWSKI RICHARD I. TANG HAROLD A. TATE DIANNA V. TAYLOR JUSTIN E. THAMES JOY L. THOMAS GARWAY THOMASJOHNSON ANA P. THOMPSON JUSTIN A. THOMPSON KRYSTAL J. THOMPSON HARRY F. THOMS CHRISTOPHER D. THORNTON AARON A. THURMAN LAWRENCE M. TOBIN, JR. AUREL D. TODORESCU RICHARD B. TOLAND, JR. JOSHUA J. TOMPKINS MARISOL M. TORRES DANIEL M. TREVINO ALICEMARY TRIVETTE VIKTOR T. TSUBER DANIEL J. TUCKER JOSEPH A. TURNER JOHN E. TWITTY, JR. ANDREW J. UNDERWOOD RUBEN A. VALENZUELA MICHAEL D. VALLETTA KURT E. VANSLOOTEN MATTHEW B. VANSTAVERN MATTHEW D. VANWINKLE BRIAN N. VEGA DAVID H. VONBARGEN JASMINE D. WALKER LATOSHA L. WALKER NOA V. WALKER NICHOLAS R. WALL STUART P. WARDERS SCOTT D. WARNKE DARRYL T. WASHINGTON STEPHANIE M. WENTZ JONATHAN M. WERTZ 
MATTHEW S. WEST GEORGIANA L. WHITE WENDY R. WILDER JOHN G. WILDT CRYSTAL M. WILHITE GISELLE M. WILLIAMS ROBERT A. WILLIAMS TERRILYN A. WILLIAMS MATTHEW T. WILLIAMSON PHILIP J. WINGO JILLIAN M. WISNIEWSKI ALYSSA J. WOOD BENJAMIN W. WOODS CAMERON A. WRIGHT SANG M. YIM JONATHAN P. YUDT MARY J. ZARLENGA BRIAN M. ZENO PETER T. ZIMMERMAN ANDREW J. ZISKIN NICHOLAS R. ZUCK D011952 D001853 G010338 D010956 D012494 G010337 G010278 G010295 D011389 D012295 G010288 D011475 D012158 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
PETER J. KOCH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DEREK P. JONES PATRICK E. PROCTOR WILLIAM J. RICE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
MICHAEL S. ABBOTT 
RAFAEL R. ACEVEDO MATEO K. R. ACOSTA FRANK L. ADAMS AKUATHAYRE A. ADJEPONG MARIA A. ALCALA ROBERT B. ALEXANDER GREGORY E. ALLEN ERIK A. AMSTUTZ ANGELA M. ANDERSON JESSICA S. ARMSTRONG CARLOS G. ARRIAZA NYRALIZ AVILA ANN L. AYERS ERIC D. BACA TIMMY R. BARCUS, JR. KELSEY M. BARLEY TRAVIS J. BASSETT SPENCER C. BEATTY JASON M. BEHLER MICHAEL D. BELL REGINALD K. BENNETT JAMES P. BERTOLINO JOHN M. BIDWELL, JR. PAULA P. BIRCH JONATHAN BLANDING JASON M. BOST JILLIAN R. BOURQUE JUSTIN N. BOWMAN PATRICK S. BOYD MICHAEL P. BRABNER CATORY D. BRADLEY JACOB M. BRADY BENJAMIN D. BRONKEMA MARION A. BROOKSHOOKER DANIEL R. BROWN JESSICA L. BROWN WESLEY A. BROWN MIANAH A. BURDIN CHRISTOPHER W. BUSSE 
LAUREN A. CABRAL HANNAH K. CALDWELL JULIE A. CAMPBELL MICHAEL A. CANUPSUAREZ ANTHONY S. CARISTI NICHOLAS J. CARLTON FRANKLIN B. CARR JERAD L. CASIAS RONALD C. CASPER VINCENT CERCHIONE RAFAEL CHAGOLLA JEFFERY B. CHERRY EUGENE CHOI JAY M. CHUNG STEPHEN M. COLEY JAMES R. COLLARD CARLOS E. COMASHORTA KEVIN M. COOK LOUIS L. COOK PEDRO J. COSTAS BRADLEY COULE BRIAN T. COVERT PATRICIA L. CRAFT LIANNA M. CRAWFORD JASON B. CROSS ABRA R. CROSTHWAITE CAROLINA CRUZ RAVI N. CRUZ JOSEPH D. DACUS ADAM J. DAINO DAVID A. DANIELS BRYON C. DARLING WESLEY A. DAVIS MARSHAN DAYMON THOMAS A. DEAN KIMBERLY N. DEFOUR DAVID J. DELASSUS JEFFREY L. DELP MICHAEL R. DEMBECK MICHAEL E. DEMICHIEI LUKASZ DERDA KEITH A. DESILVA BRIAN D. DIERCKS LEISA A. DIXON ROGER A. DOMINIQUE SEAN W. DONAHOE COMARO J. DOUGLAS CHARLES R. DRUCKER SEAN P. DUNSTAN ADAM J. DYET BRANDON S. EBEL JEREMY R. ECKEL MATTHEW T. EINHORN BEATRICE R. ELAM ADAM T. ELLISON SOPHIA L. ESTRADA ANDREW J. FAIR CRAIG A. FALK JEROD J. FARKAS GREGORY H. FASSETT MATTHEW D. FERRETTI DAVID S. FERSTL TIMOTHY P. FITZGERALD MICHAEL W. FLINT DUSTIN W. FLOWERS JONATHAN A. FORONDA RAYGAN C. FRANCE BRYAN T. FRENCH GEORGE A. FRUTH TYCHZETTE N. FRYER MARY K. FULLENKAMP NICHOLAS R. GAUVIN JEFFEREY V. GERACI STEPHEN D. GERRY REGINALD J. GHOLSTON TESSHA L. GIAMMONA 
RYAN M. GLIELMI EVAN K. GODDERZ JASON M. GOLDSTEIN PHILIP J. GRANADOS ANDREA M. GREEN KATRINA B. GRIMES MARGIE J. GRINES JAMES C. GRYMES CLINT L. GUDAN, JR. TIMOTHY T. HALL WILLIAM R. HALL MICHAEL W. HALTER LAURA A. HAMILTON AARON J. HARLESS LARRY A. HARMON BRANDON L. HARPER ALPHONSO P. HARRELL TONETTA M. HARRIS JONATHAN D. HARVEY MARQUESSA L. HARVEY GENEVIEVE B. HAYES MATTHEW J. HEISS TABITHA L. F. HERNANDEZ SUZE HEROLD JOSEPH W. HERON ROSS M. HERTLEIN ELAINA R. HILL RYAN E. HILL JASON F. HINDS STEVEN M. HOAK MITCHELL C. HOCKENBURY ADAM M. HODGES TAUARA HODO CLINTON L. HOPKINS ANDREW S. HORN LAURA E. HOUSE NATHALIA C. HOWARDMORENO JASON L. HOWELL ROBERT T. HRUSKA JED W. HUDSON 
MICHAEL L. HUDSON RYAN T. HUGHES MITCHELL T. HUNT BRIAN J. HUTCHINSON JOSEPH R. IRWIN ALEXIS D. JACKSON JASMINE S. JALLAH KENNA T. JAMES PAUL L. JANKER BOBBY J. JEFFORDS, JR. LARRY W. JEWETT CHRISTOPHER P. JOHNSON TANESHIA R. JOHNSON BRIAN C. JONES CHARLIE R. JONES CHRISTOPHER B. JONES THOMAS A. JONES JONATHAN J. KALCZYNSKI ELIJAH T. KANG BRIAN C. KARHOFF ELSA J. KARMAN ADAM D. KATZ MICHELLE L. KELLY ELIZABETH C. KENT SALEEM A. KHAN PATRICK Y. KIM DANIEL D. KING DAVID A. KLINE MICHAEL T. KNUCHEL WON J. KO TIMOTHY R. KOENIG SCOTT J. KORITZ SIMEAMAT KRUSETAYLORGARCIA JOHN P. KURTZWEIL MARY R. B. LADIERO JOSEPHINE E. LADNIER CHRISTOPHER T. LAMAR JAMES S. LAWSON JOSEPH W. LEAP WESLEY J. LEWIS JULIA LIM TIMOTHY W. LOHSE CHRISTOPHER S. LUCAS AUSTIN W. LUHER DERRICK L. LYLES LOGAN MAIER LINDSAY S. MAPLES MARK MARTINEZ RICHARD MARTINEZ KEVIN M. MATHENY JESSICA M. MCCARTHY ERIKSON A. MCCLEARY ROBERT P. MCCLELLAND TRAVIS J. MCCRACKEN MICHAEL B. MCDANIEL RYAN E. MCDONALD OMAR L. MCKEN JEREMY T. MCNEIL JASON G. MCPHEE FREDERICK D. MEEKS SARA E. MEYER MICHAEL R. MEYERS CARL S. MILLER LAUREL R. MILLER MILES D. H. MILLER CHRISTOPHER P. MITCHUM STEVEN D. MOEBES SHEILA M. MOFFETT CHAROKEE M. MOLINA KEVIN L. MONTGOMERY, JR. MARK R. MOORE MARIO MORENO YOLANDA L. MORGAN JOHN D. MOSBY, JR. JOHN E. MOSSMAN ROBERT S. MURPHY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.022 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8646 December 14, 2015 
ELLEN G. MURRAY 
JONATHAN C. NAGLE BENJAMIN T. NAKAMURA JONATHAN K. NEAL TRAVIS A. NEDDERSEN ERIC S. NELSON STEPHEN J. NEVES HUE N. NGUYEN SEAN A. NICE CHASE E. OCHOA PATRICK C. ODONNELL WESLEY R. OGDEN ROHAN R. OLDACRE DEVETTE M. OLDS RYAN E. OLIVER BRANDON T. OLSON SHAWN T. ORSKOG KIMBERLY R. OSORIOTORRES MIHAILS OVSIJENKO JUNG W. PAK PHILLIP PALOMO II VERNIE Y. PARAM THORIN A. PARRIS JOHN M. PAUL CALLEA M. PAVELKA KRYSTLE G. PENAHERRERA LUIS E. PERDOMO MARC D. PETERMAN CARSON A. PETRY AUBRIE A. PFEIFFERSMITH ADAM R. PHEARSDORF JASON D. PHILLIPS MICHAEL R. PINTER REBECCA G. PINYAN NATHAN D. PLATZ ERIC S. PREDMORE JEREMY C. RAGAN JACQUELINE S. RALSTON BRIAN L. RAMIREZ JONATHON D. REAMS HOWARD W. REARDON 
BYRON O. REBURN RYAN R. RESSLER CORREY W. RETZLOFF KENNETH REYES BRIAN C. RIESER ASHLEY M. RITCHEY EDUARDO L. RIVERA MARCUS A. RIVERS WANDLYN D. ROBINSON AARON A. ROGERS MIGUEL A. ROSARIO NINOTCHKA ROSAS HERNANDEZ ROBERT L. ROWLAND, JR. TREVOR D. ROWLANDS KRAIG A. G. ROXBERRY ADAM D. RUNION CHRISTOPHER J. SADOSKI JOYCE H. SARAOS JONATHAN D. SAUER WILLIAM B. SCHREINER JADORE M. SCOVELL RICHARD A. SCRIMA JAMES J. SEALE JAMES C. SEALOCK TIMOTHY C. SECHRIST QUAMMIE J. SEMPER STEPHEN S. SETTEMBRE MICHAEL J. SIDDALL KORAK R. SIMMONS 
MICHAEL C. SIMMONS IAASAC A. SIMPSON KEN E. W. SMITH JULIE L. SNYDER JONATHAN W. SOHL KEVIN E. SOLOMON ANGELA P. SOMNUK DAREN B. SOTILLEO BENJAMIN L. SOURIALL BRANDON M. STALDING ERIC M. STANGLE RAYMOND E. STAPLETON JENNIFER M. STARNES JOHN M. STEINER SCOTT L. STEPHENS RYAN T. STEUER CHAD M. STORMOEN ADAM C. STOVER DAVID A. STRAHL KEVIN P. STRAMARA MARTHA L. SUAREZ SEAN L. SUMMERS KELLY R. SVARSTAD FRANK R. TALBERT JONATHAN J. TALIS IVAN R. TAPIA MONTE L. TARTT STEVEN C. TAYLOR TONY T. TAYLOR WILLIAM L. TAYLOR BRIAN E. THOMPSON JOHN M. THOMPSON RICHARD D. THOMPSON SARAH J. THOMPSON MICHAEL N. TIFFANY LINDSEY N. TRAVIS ROBERT F. TURNER JOSHUA UNVERZAGT THOMAS L. VAIL ZACHARY G. VALENTINE 
JEREMIA M. VAN STEVEN G. VANDEZANDE PETER J. VANHOWE DANIEL W. VARLEY JON B. VAUGHAN AMANDA S. VELA BRENDA S. VIANNA JASON J. VIVIAN JACOB H. WADE MICHAEL S. WALTER JONATHAN M. WATSON LATRICE L. WATSON MICHAEL J. WEBB TAKASHIA M. WELCH BRICE R. WESTHOVEN JAMES E. WHEELER ANDREW C. WHITLEY TRENTON P. WILHITE TERENCE J. WILKIN ALEXANDER WILKINS CECILE Y. WILLIAMS ERIC B. WILLIAMS JOSEPH J. WILLIAMS MICHAEL M. WILLIAMS NATOSHIA L. WILLIAMS RAYMOND E. WILLSON ISAAC J. WISNIEWSKI ROBERT J. WOLFE ALAN K. WOOD 
GREGORY WOOTEN, JR. BRADLEY A. WRIGHT DAVID E. WYCHE DOUGLAS E. YODER EDGAR A. YU MICHAEL W. ZDROJESKY BRADLEY A. ZIELINSKI D006692 D012584 D012291 D011609 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DENNY L. WINNINGHAM 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
JOHN C. BASKERVILLE 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
WILLIAM T. HENNESSY CHRISTIAN M. KELLEY JAMES R. LENARD 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be captain 
JENNIFER K. GRZELAK ANDREW R. SHEFFIELD 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate December 14, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ALISSA M. STARZAK, OF NEW YORK, TO BE GENERAL 
COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. 
JOHN CONGER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A PRINCIPAL 
DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
STEPHEN P. WELBY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
FRANKLIN R. PARKER, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:28 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14DE6.024 S14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1785 December 14, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose 
of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each 
week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, De-
cember 15, 2015 may be found in the 
Daily Digest of today’s R ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 16 
2 p.m. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe 
To hold hearings to examine Azerbaijan’s 
persecution of Radio Free Europe/ Radio Liberty reporter Khadija Ismayilova. 
2200–RHOB 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s strategy in Afghanistan. 
SD–419 DECEMBER 17 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the status 
of Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action implementation and related issues. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
JANUARY 20 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
Task Force for Business and Stability Operations projects in Afghanistan. 
SR–232A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M14DE8.000 E14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1315 Monday, December 14, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8623–S8646. 
Measures Introduced: One bill and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 2400, and S. Res. 334.
                                                                                  Page S8636 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1250, to encourage States to require the instal-
lation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–179)
                         Page S8636 
Measures Passed: 
Consumer Review Freedom Act: Senate passed S. 
2044, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, after withdrawing the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8639–40 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 2927, in 
the nature of a substitute.                                      Page S8640 
Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 2270, to redesignate the Nisqually Na-tional Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Wash-ington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial within the wildlife refuge. 
                                                                                            Page S8640 
Congratulating Pennsylvania State University 
Women’s Soccer Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 334, 
congratulating the Pennsylvania State University women’s soccer team for winning the 2015 National Collegiate Athletic Association Soccer Champion-ship.
                                                                                  Page S8640 
Appointments: 
United States-China Economic Security Review 
Commission : The Chair announced, on behalf of the 
Democratic Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consultation with the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the appointment of the fol-
lowing individuals to serve as members of the United States-China Economic Security Review Commission: Byron Dorgan of North Dakota, and Carte P. Goodwin of West Virginia (reappointment). 
                                                                                            Page S8640 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 45 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. EX. 335), Alissa 
M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. 
John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Dep-
uty Under Secretary of Defense. 
Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense. 
Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of the Navy.
                      Page S8626–8629, S8646 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Alan J. Kreczko, of Connecticut, to be a Member 
of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board for a term expiring September 14, 2019. 
James R. White, of Maryland, to be a Member of 
the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board for a term expiring September 14, 2020. 
Edith Ramirez, of California, to be a Federal 
Trade Commissioner for the term of seven years from September 26, 2015. 
Andrew Mayock, of Illinois, to be Deputy Direc-
tor for Management, Office of Management and Budget. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, and Marine Corps.
                            Pages S8640–46 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8634 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8634 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S8634–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8636–37 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S8637 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8632–33 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S8637–39 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14DE5.REC D14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1316 December 14, 2015 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—335)                                                                 Page S8629 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:34 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, De-cember 15, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8640.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, Decem-ber 15, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS IN CRIMEA 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: On 
Friday, December 11, 2015, commission received a briefing on human rights violations in Russian-occu-pied Crimea from Ivanna Bilych, VOLYA Institute, New York, New York; Andriy Klymenko, Black Sea 
News , and Bohdan Yaremenko, Maidan of Foreign 
Affairs, both of Kyiv, Ukraine; and Yuriy Yatsenko, Lviv, Ukraine. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1281 ) 
S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. Signed on December 10, 2015. (Pub-lic Law 114–95) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
DECEMBER 15, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Patrick Joseph Murphy, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Under Secretary of the Army, Janine Anne Davidson, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on an assessment of Afghanistan intelligence, 2:15 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine transition assistance, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of December 15 through December 18, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: December 15, to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Patrick Joseph Mur-phy, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of the Army, Janine Anne Davidson, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: December 15, to receive 
a closed briefing on an assessment of Afghanistan intel-ligence, 2:15 p.m., SVC–217. 
December 16, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the Administration’s strategy in Afghanistan, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
December 17, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the status of Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action implementation and related issues, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: December 15, to hold 
hearings to examine transition assistance, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: December 15, to receive 
a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14DE5.REC D14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1317 December 14, 2015 
December 17, Full Committee, to receive a closed 
briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Financial Services, December 16, Sub-
committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau’s Mass Data Collection Program’’, 10:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, December 16, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Pakistan Re-lations’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
December 16, Subcommittee on the Middle East and 
North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt Two Years After 
Morsi (Part II)’’, 1 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, December 
16, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB), Office of Government Ethics (OGE), and Office of Special Coun-cil (OSC) Reauthorization’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
December 17, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ter-
rorist Travel: Vetting for National Security Concerns’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Decem-
ber 16, to hold hearings to examine Azerbaijan’s persecu-tion of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty reporter Khadija Ismayilova, 2 p.m., 2200–RHOB. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14DE5.REC D14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1318 December 14, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, December 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business until 5 p.m. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, December 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 15, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:44 Dec 15, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14DE5.REC D14DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST