Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5299 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 2015 No. 114 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 21, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C ARLOS  
CURBELO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
GEORGE W. BUSH SPEAKER’S FEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, on Thurs-
day, July 9, I saw a report on ABC News that former President George W. Bush charged $100,000 to speak at a charity fundraiser for military vet-erans wounded in Iraq and Afghani-stan. I was disappointed to learn that a President who sent thousands of Amer-icans to die in an unnecessary war jus-tified by manipulated intelligence would charge a fee to speak at a fund-raiser for wounded veterans. ABC also reported that, in addition 
to charging $100,000 to speak at the charity: ‘‘The former President was also provided with a private jet to trav-el to Houston at a cost of $20,000.’’ 
Further, ABC News reported: ‘‘One of 
the wounded vets who served on the charity board told ABC News he was outraged that his former commander in chief would charge any fee to speak on behalf of men and women he ordered into harm’s way. 
‘‘‘For him to be paid to raise money 
for veterans that were wounded in com-bat under his orders, I don’t think that’s right,’ said former Marine Eddie Wright.’’ 
Eddie Wright, Mr. Speaker, lost both 
hands in a rocket attack in Fallujah in Iraq in the year 2004. 
This is so disappointing and out-
rageous. These veterans have been se-verely wounded, and the President that led us into an unjustified war charges $100,000 to be in their presence. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker. That is really, really wrong. 
Many of these wounded veterans 
from Iraq and Afghanistan live in the Third District in North Carolina, which I have the privilege to represent. For years, I have felt deep regret over my vote to go into Iraq; and to atone for that, I have publicly and privately apologized and signed over 11,000 let-ters to families who lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq because of my mistake. President Bush and Vice President Cheney have never publicly apologized to the families for the un-necessary war they began. 
Mr. Speaker, I think my friend Colo-
nel Lawrence Wilkerson, who was chief of staff to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, was right about the Iraq war. On MSNBC a couple of months ago, Colonel Wilkerson stated: ‘‘The in-telligence was fixed, and everyone should know that by now. It was a fail-ure of the intelligence agencies, but it was also a failure of the political peo-ple who manipulated the intelligence 
failure to their own benefit.’’ 
He further stated: ‘‘It destroyed the 
balance of power in the Gulf and pro-duced what we have today, the chaos we have today: al Qaeda in Iraq—never there until we invaded; ISIS—never there until we invaded; the mess we have in Yemen. Everything that’s hap-pening in the Middle East today can be attributed to our having destroyed the balance of power that we had carefully maintained for a half a century with the invasion in 2003. It was a disaster.’’ 
I have a lot of respect for Colonel 
Wilkerson because he is telling the truth when he made this statement to MSNBC. 
Let me repeat the words of Marine 
Eddie Wright, who lost both hands in Iraq: ‘‘For him,’’ President Bush, ‘‘to be paid to raise money for veterans that were wounded . . . under his or-ders, I don’t think that’s right.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is not right; and I 
will add my own thoughts and use the word ‘‘shameful,’’ that the former President and his administration, who created an unnecessary war and sent our troops over there to die and also to be wounded, should not charge one dime to go help them out now. 
So with that, Mr. Speaker, I will ask 
God to bless America. 
f 
THE CHATTANOOGA 5 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a 
gunman with a heart fatally bent on mischief and with malice aforethought unleashed hell in Chattanooga last Thursday. The killer shot up an Armed Forces recruiting center and then drove to a Navy Reserve center and continued his shooting spree. Five war-riors were caught in the gunman’s furi-ous rampage and were killed. The kill-er, who once followed an al Qaeda cler-ic online, wounded three others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.000 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5300 July 21, 2015 
To kill the very people who devote 
their lives to keeping our country safe is ironically and tragically sad. They were fathers, boyfriends, sons, broth-ers, and friends whose lives were robbed. 
The fallen were: Gunnery Sergeant Thomas J. Sul-
livan, United States Marine Corps. He was from Massachusetts. Tommy, as his buddies and family called him, was deployed twice during the Iraq war and received two Purple Hearts. He had been enlisted for almost 18 years. The Sullivan family owns a local bar and restaurant in Springfield, Massachu-setts, and pictures of red, white, and blue ribbons memorialize the veteran on the restaurants’s Facebook page. He was an avid Boston sports fan who loved Boston-based bands and musi-cians. A friend said: ‘‘He was a short guy, but his personality was a lot big-ger than his height. You couldn’t just not like Tom.’’ He was 41. 
Lance Corporal Squire ‘‘Skip’’ Wells, 
United States Marine Corps. He was from Cobb County, Georgia, and the service was in his blood. He was a stu-dent attending Georgia Southern Uni-versity when he decided to follow in the footsteps of his family and enlist. God and country flowed deep in his veins. On Thursday, Skip had been texting with his girlfriend of 2
1⁄2years 
about her upcoming visit to Chat-tanooga. The last text he sent her was two words in capitalized letters that read, ‘‘active shooter.’’ She tried des-perately to reach him, but she did not learn about the murders until the next day. He was in his early twenties. 
Sergeant Carson A. Holmquist, 
United States Marine Corps. A patri-otic outdoorsman from a small town in Grantsburg, Wisconsin, he joined the Marines right out of high school and was taken to the battlefields in a for-eign land. He was deployed to Afghani-stan twice as part of Operation Endur-ing Freedom. It was reported that he was so proud of being a marine that, when he finished boot camp, he went right back to the small town of Grantsburg to visit his high school, dressed in his Marine uniform. He and his wife had a young son and were ex-pecting another. He was 25. 
Staff Sergeant David A. Wyatt, 
United States Marine Corps. He was a native of Russellville, Arkansas. He was a husband and a father. He served one tour of duty in Iraq and one in Af-ghanistan. He was described as a lead-er, a mentor, quick to help, and was easy to approach. Wyatt was a father who was overjoyed about the upcoming birth of his second child. He also planned to serve at least 20 years in the military. He was 35. 
Petty Officer Second Class Randall 
Smith, United States Navy. He was a former high school baseball star from Paulding, Ohio, joined the Navy in 2010. He was a pitcher for the Paulding High School Panthers, and he accepted a scholarship to play baseball at Defi-ance College in Ohio. After a shoulder injury, Smith decided to forego sports 
and serve his Nation. He was a father and a husband. He had three little girls. According to his Facebook page, he was a passionate sports fan. He was passionate about the United States Women’s Soccer team and their World Cup win. He had even a love for the Houston Astros. He was 26. 
Good men, good warriors, good Amer-
icans—all died before their time. This was a senseless and callous act of hate. 
Even though these military facilities 
in Chattanooga are riddled with bullet holes, they are still a steadfast symbol of the patriotism of our military. 
There are not enough tears or words 
to convey the sorrow that has engulfed this Nation. These volunteers that serve our country are the best that this Nation has, and we continue to mourn their loss and pray for their families and friends. 
Ronald Reagan said it best: ‘‘We will 
always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be prepared, so we may always be free.’’ 
The Chattanooga 5. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CARING FOR OUR VETERANS HERE 
AT HOME 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, today I would like to recog-nize John Enstrom of Elk River and the Disabled Veterans of America orga-nization for all the incredible work they have done and continue to do for our Nation’s veterans. 
On August 5, John is hosting a char-
ity fishing event in Ramsey, Min-nesota. He is hosting the event for dis-abled American veterans. Along with friends and volunteers, John plans to bring 150 wounded veterans to a private lake for a great day of fishing, games, and simply enjoying the great Min-nesota outdoors. 
Our veterans have stood for our coun-
try’s freedom and individual liberty, all the while putting their lives on the line. Disabled veterans have sacrificed in order to protect and serve our great Nation. 
It is an extraordinary kind of person 
who cares for others so deeply. I would like to thank John and the Disabled Veterans of America not only for all the work they have done for this event, but for also recognizing that veterans need and deserve to be cared for once they return home. 
SMALL COMMUNITY BANKS HARMED BY DODD - 
FRANK  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today on the fifth anni-versary of Dodd-Frank to share a story from a small community bank that has three locations in my district. This bank is struggling due to the addi-tional regulation that Dodd-Frank has imposed on them. 
They were forced to hire a full-time 
compliance director in addition to re-taining two outside compliance firms. 
This has cost the bank nearly $100,000 more a year. In addition, numerous other staff members now have to take time away from revenue-generating ac-tivities to satisfy the compliance regu-lations of Dodd-Frank. 
They told me: ‘‘Compliance has al-
ways been a cost that is just a part of our business. However, since Dodd- Frank, this cost has expanded greatly. Unfortunately, since there is no offset-ting revenue for the expanding cost, we are forced to consider passing on costs to our customers with additional fees.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I wish I could say this 
is an isolated occurrence, but a recent study shows that Dodd-Frank has added 61 million hours of paperwork and more than $24 billion in final rule costs for the financial industry in this country. Nationwide, we have lost ap-proximately 1500 community banks al-ready. 
The 5 years since Dodd-Frank was 
signed into law have been marked with 5 years of failure. 
UNDEFEATED SEASON ENDS WITH STATE  
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and congratulate the Anoka-Hennepin Mustangs for being named the 2015 Minnesota State champions in phys-ically impaired adapted softball. 
Comprised of students from Andover, 
Anoka, Blaine, Champlin Park, and Coon Rapids, these players were a force to be reckoned with at this year’s State championship tournament. Hav-ing earned the number one seed, the Mustangs went into the tournament boasting 11 wins, with more than 167 runs scored during this season. 
With the momentum of an 
undefeated season, the Mustangs cruised to victory at the recent State championship. After scoring nearly a dozen runs and completing a few nota-ble double plays, the Mustangs won the championship game with an 11–8 vic-tory over the Rochester Raiders. Even more impressive, the Mustang cham-pionship win ended a 6-year winning streak for the previous defending champions. 
I ask that this body join me in con-
gratulating these tremendous athletes. 
Well done. 
SIDING WITH AMERICAN FARMERS  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak in sup-port of the House Agriculture and the Energy and Commerce Committees’ ac-tions on the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015, of which I am a cosponsor. 
Biotechnology is nothing new. Nor-
man Borlaug, a researcher and legend in my home State, was the ‘‘father of the Green Revolution’’ while at the University of Minnesota due to his groundbreaking work on high-yield crops that have fed billions of people around the globe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.005 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5301 July 21, 2015 
American farmers already deal with 
heavy compliance regulations to en-sure that our food is safe to eat. Fami-lies must know that Borlaug’s incred-ible accomplishment and the hard work of the American farmer is not in vain. 
It is no surprise that I am not a fan 
of the Federal bureaucracy, but on this issue we must stand with American farmers on the health and safety of our food. We should move in the right di-rection, and the House should pass this bipartisan legislation that will create a voluntary label that supports farmers and American families. 
f 
b1215 
41ST ANNIVERSARY OF TURKEY’S 
INVASION OF CYPRUS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to mark an anniversary that has pained the Cypriot and Hellenic com-munities for 41 years. 
On July 20, 1974, 41 years ago yester-
day, in blatant violation of inter-national law, Turkey invaded Cyprus and captured much of the northern part of the island. 
Since the invasion, Turkey has occu-
pied nearly 40 percent of Cyprus. They inhabit homes previously owned by Greek Cypriots, forcibly relocating 160,000 Greek Cypriots and infusing the island with hundreds of thousands of Turkish settlers. Another 1,500 Cyp-riots remain missing since the 1974 in-vasion, including four Americans whose remains have not been located. 
Religious artifacts and cultural relics 
have been destroyed in the wake of the Turkish Army’s invasion and, after 41 years of displacement, are now lost to time. Hundreds of churches and mon-asteries have been shamefully dese-crated, losing all sense of their historic and religious significance. 
Cyprus has been a steadfast ally, and 
Cypriots deserve an end to this sense-less division. 
With negotiations underway again 
for reunification, let’s hope this time next year we will be celebrating the end of this illegal occupation. As it builds, Turkey cannot be allowed to stonewall this democratic process any longer. 
Today the United States stands in a 
unique role as a friend of both Cyprus and Turkey. As an honest broker to both sides, we can help them to see that a unified future for Cyprus is far more promising than the present. 
The United States’ relationship with 
all its allies—Turkey included—must be based on shared values and mutual respect. At the core, the rule of law must be respected above all else. 
Forty-one years of illegal occupation 
is 41 years too long. Cyprus has long been a strong and faithful ally of the United States, and we owe our support for both peace and the end of this ille-gal occupation. I encourage the Cypriot leaders to 
keep up the hard work of unifying a people divided for over a generation. Many hard issues remain, but, hope-fully, this will be the last year we ac-knowledge this illegal occupation. 
f 
ELDRIDGE WILLIAMS, TUSKEGEE 
AIRMAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota). The Chair recog-
nizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in honor of one of my constituents, Lieutenant Colonel Eldridge Williams, a Tuskegee Airman who passed away this month at the age of 97. 
Born in Texas in 1917, Lieutenant 
Colonel Williams graduated from Xa-vier University in 1942 and imme-diately applied for the Army flight pro-gram. He was commissioned as a sec-ond lieutenant in Miami Beach in 1942. 
Lieutenant Colonel Williams trained 
Tuskegee Airmen who flew overseas to escort bomber planes across Europe. Though he didn’t make it overseas, he flew at the Tuskegee Institute and trained other pilots until the end of World War II. He continued to serve during the 1948 Berlin Airlift and the Korean war. 
In 1949, Mr. Williams moved to Rich-
mond Heights, a community in South Miami-Dade established for Black serv-icemen returning from the war. Mr. Williams taught physical education at Richmond Heights Middle School and was soon after promoted to adminis-trator, serving as director of desegrega-tion for Miami-Dade County Public Schools. He retired from the school system in 1985, but remained com-mitted to overseeing programs aimed at assisting kids that had dropped out of school. 
President George W. Bush presented 
Mr. Williams and the other living Tuskegee Airmen with a Congressional Gold Medal in 2007. This was an honor long overdue to these trailblazing he-roes. 
On behalf of a grateful Nation, I send 
my deepest condolences to Mr. Wil-liams’ loved ones and the many lives touched by his positive influence. May they take solemn pride in a life well lived. 
FIU VETERANS AND SMALL FARMERS OUTREACH  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize Florida 
International University and their out-reach to those in our agriculture com-munity. 
I recently learned of a new program 
created by FIU to give veterans, along with minority and women farmers, the opportunity to expand their knowledge of the agriculture business. 
The Veterans and Small Farmers 
Outreach program will provide direct benefits to not only our brave men and women returning from harm’s way, but also to the countless small farms in Homestead, an agriculture-focused community in south Florida. The students currently enrolled in 
the Veterans and Small Farmers Out-reach program at FIU have the oppor-tunity to learn more about tending crops and raising livestock through ap-prenticeships throughout Miami-Dade and Broward Counties. 
I am confident these students will 
soon enter our workforce and be pro-ductive members of the agriculture community. We will all truly benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
I thank FIU for their continued inno-
vation in bettering the south Florida community and wish only the best of luck to the hard-working students of this newly created program. 
IRAN 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to express my serious concerns over the Iran deal that was recently announced. 
So far, it appears that this agree-
ment is bad for the United States and bad for our allies in the region. As I have said before, a weak deal that gives Iran any possibility of achieving a nu-clear weapon is unacceptable. 
Key components of the nuclear pro-
gram are still in place. Iran will still be allowed to have centrifuges and con-tinue research and development on them. The Natanz and Fordow facili-ties will remain in place to purportedly continue their nuclear activities for peaceful purposes. 
In addition to these troubling facts, 
the Iranian regime is going to receive an exorbitant amount of money that they will undoubtedly use, at least in part, to fund Hamas and Hezbollah. 
Mr. Speaker, from what I can tell, 
this deal does not prevent Iran from having the parts needed to reach the nuclear threshold capability down the road and it will boost the regime’s abil-ity to support terror in the region. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to con-
tinue to carefully monitor this situa-tion and consider the security interests of the United States and our allies as we continue analyzing this deal. 
EAGLE SCOUT RANK CONGRATULATIONS  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate two students from my district, Daniel Auster and Sebastian Torra, who have both achieved the rank of Eagle Scout with Troop 69 of Homestead, Florida. This prestigious accomplishment has only been achieved by 4 percent of Boy Scouts nationwide. 
Daniel was the first scout in Troop 69 
to attain an Eagle Palm pin in the last 15 years. His fellow troop member, Se-bastian, completed 173 volunteer hours at Jack D. Gordon Elementary School for his Eagle Scout project, both im-pressive accomplishments. 
Daniel and Sebastian are exemplary 
of the Boy Scout slogan ‘‘Do a good turn daily.’’ I applaud their hard work and dedication to achieve this honor. They truly embody the Boy Scouts’ commitment to our community. I am always pleased to see young people with such dedication to giving back and making our neighborhoods better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.003 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5302 July 21, 2015 
Once again, congratulations to Dan-
iel and Sebastian. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 24 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Stir our spirits, O Lord, that we may 
praise You with full attention and be whole-hearted in all the tasks You set before us this day. 
We can see Your deeds unfolding in 
our history and in every act of justice and kindness. Bless those who have blessed us, and be close to those most in need of Your compassion and love. 
Fear of You, O Lord, is the beginning 
of wisdom. Bless the Members of this people’s House with such wisdom. As they resume the work of this assembly, guide them to grow in understanding in attaining solutions to our Nation’s needs that are imbued with truth and justice. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C HABOT ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CHABOT led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CONGRATULATING YADKIN VAL-
LEY MOTOR COMPANY ON 100 YEARS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Yadkin Valley Motor Company in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, which recently celebrated its 100th anniversary. 
It is the oldest Ford dealership in the 
Carolinas and 20th oldest out of about 3,100 Ford dealerships nationwide. 
A.F. Kilby was the first of four gen-
erations of Kilbys to sell Fords at Yadkin Valley. His son, Andrew ‘‘Bud’’ Kilby, and grandson, John Kilby, Sr., now own the dealership. 
At 89 years old, Bud still works at 
the dealership 6 days a week. John serves as general manager. And his son, John Kilby, Jr., is a salesman and Internet manager. 
In May, more than 1,500 people 
turned out for a special car show mark-ing the 100th anniversary. Several hun-dred vehicles, including a number of antique Fords, participated. 
Congratulations to the Kilby family 
and everyone at Yadkin Valley Motor Company on this significant milestone. 
f 
REAUTHORIZE THE EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
I met with business owners and the Chamber of Commerce back home in Michigan to discuss what actions we can take here in Congress to create jobs and to boost our economy. 
One action that came up is that Con-
gress could immediately act to bring up legislation to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
It was clear to these businessowners 
Michigan jobs are at risk if Ex-Im is permanently shuttered. This bank, the Ex-Im Bank, supports over a million U.S. jobs, thousands of small busi-nesses, across the country. 
Sadly, the reauthorization of the Ex-
port-Import Bank, which has been sup-ported for over 80 years by Democrats and Republicans in this House and in the White House, has become a victim of Washington’s partisan gridlock, and it is Michigan’s businesses and workers and workers all across this country that are paying the price for Congress’ unwillingness to take this up. 
Nearly every developed country, in-
cluding China, has an export credit agency of some type. Ex-Im cannot be allowed to expire. American jobs are at risk. 
Let’s reauthorize the Export-Import 
Bank. 
f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
Iranian nuclear deal has been approved by the U.N. Security Council by a vote of 15–0. 
But wait. Isn’t Congress supposed to 
vote on approval or disapproval to make it binding on America? Yes. But 
the administration, ignoring Congress’ future vote, went to get the U.N. ap-proval anyway. But this deal is bad for the world and the United States. 
The United States foreign policy used 
to be that Iran would never have nu-clear weapons. That has changed. 
This deal legitimizes nuclear weapon 
development in 10 years. It allows the lifting of conventional arms embargo in 5 years. It allows Iran to develop ICBM capacity in 8 years. It imme-diately gives Iran billions of dollars, money that I believe will be used to give to terrorist groups, since Iran is the number one state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, the United Nations 
doesn’t control my vote. The people of Texas do. The people I represent think this is a bad deal and don’t want the United States to be a part of this Ira-nian nuclear weapon development fi-asco. And that is the way I will vote, whether the U.N. or the administration likes it or not. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS MONTH 
(Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, this 
month is an opportunity to celebrate some critical programs. The Older Americans Act celebrated its 50th anni-versary this past Tuesday. Medicare and Medicaid turn 50 later this month. And Social Security turns 80 in Au-gust. 
But it is also a time to reframe how 
we look at aging in this country. With Americans living longer and healthier lives, we need to create a new paradigm that ensures older Americans are living longer with the highest quality of life for the longest time possible. 
Doing this means we help our aging 
population feel part of the community, provide opportunities for them to stay physically and socially active, and maintain a serious purpose of life and a zest for life. 
I came to Congress to protect Medi-
care and Social Security. They are bed-rock programs that seniors depend on for a safe, healthy, and secure retire-ment. 
As we celebrate the anniversaries 
this year, we need to improve and strengthen these programs to better meet the needs of our seniors. We can start by expanding Medicare to cover things like hearing aids. 
f 
FLYING TIGERS 
(Mr. CHABOT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, as we 
look back some 70 years in commemo-ration of the end of World War II, it is a good time to reflect upon one group of unsung heroes who went above and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.004 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5303 July 21, 2015 
beyond their service to preserve the 
freedoms we enjoy today. 
The Flying Tigers aircraft was easily 
recognizable because it had the face of a shark painted on the nose of the plane and its menacing teeth served as a warning to their enemies wherever they flew. 
During World War II, when Taiwan 
was brutally attacked by the Japanese, its leader called upon the world com-munity for help. A group of American volunteers answered the call and joined up with Taiwan’s Air Force to become one of the most important elements in the ultimate defeat of the Japanese in-vaders. 
It is fitting that we recognize the 
role of the Flying Tigers and Taiwan’s Air Force in holding off the onslaught that U.S. military forces eventually rolled back. 
Mr. Speaker, the Flying Tigers held 
the fort until our Nation was able to 
gather our strength. For this, we are eternally grateful. 
We remember. We are grateful. We 
salute you. 
f 
COLOMBIAN INDEPENDENCE DAY 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day I joined the people of Colombia and my fellow Colombian Americans in celebrating the nation’s 215 years of independence. 
I am extremely proud of Colombia’s 
rich history and vibrant culture. I am even prouder of the close friendship be-tween our two countries, a partnership which has never been more important. 
On issues from narcotrafficking to 
the promotion of democracy, the United States and Colombia are work-ing arm in arm together to make our hemisphere a more peaceful and pros-perous place. 
Mr. Speaker, the Colombian people 
are celebrating their independence at a critical juncture in Colombian history. 
After decades of bloody conflict and 
instability, Colombia is engaged in in-tense negotiations with the FARC gue-rillas, talks that could produce a land-mark peace agreement. 
This inspiring effort not only dem-
onstrates the Colombian Government’s commitment to peace, but also the Co-lombian people’s capacity for healing and forgiveness. 
I commend Colombian President 
Santos and his administration for the progress to date and encourage both parties to press ahead, despite the ob-stacles that remain. 
Mr. Speaker, my sincere hope is that 
1 year from today the Colombian peo-ple will be able to celebrate not just their innocence, but their freedom from fear and violence. 
f 
WOOD COUNTY’S BRANT 
FREELAND 
(Mr. M CKINLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
the most trying times that bring out the best in people. West Virginia has faced high water and floods over the past few weeks. Recently there was an act of heroism in Wood County that de-serves recognition on the House floor. 
On their way home on Sunday, 15- 
year-old Brant Freeland and his moth-er pulled over to wait out high water blocking the road. Brant noticed a car caught in the rising water ahead of him. Not thinking twice, Brant bolted from his car to see if someone was in-side. 
There he found 69-year-old Connie 
Boggs trapped inside with the water rising. He wrenched open the door and got her to safety. 
Connie said, ‘‘If it wasn’t for Brant, I 
would more than likely have drowned.’’ 
For his part, Brant said the last 
thing on his mind when he entered the water was being a hero. ‘‘I was just worried about saving that lady’s life. That is all.’’ 
Brant did more than that. He showed 
us the kind of courage that is too often missing these days. 
f 
CHATTANOOGA 5 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to pay tribute to Marine Sergeant Car-son Homquist, Marine Gunnery Ser-geant and Purple Heart recipient Thomas Sullivan, Marine Lance Cor-poral Skip Wells, Marine Sergeant David Wyatt, and Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith. 
I also rise to assure their loved ones 
and the American people that Congress will act to prevent this tragic loss from occurring again. 
This week I am joining Congressman 
and former Marine Corps Major D
UN-
CANHUNTER in introducing legislation 
to enhance security at our Armed Forces centers by allowing our mili-tary members to defend themselves from attacks. 
Congress and I send a clear message 
that this cowardly attack will not be ignored and our heroes shall not die in vain. 
I urge all Members to join me in fly-
ing the Marine Corps flag and the Navy Anchor flag outside their D.C. office this week. 
God bless America and the men and 
women who defend her. Semper fi and anchors aweigh. 
f 
AMERICANS SUPPORT BORDER 
SECURITY, NOT LEGALIZATION 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
Americans do not agree with the Presi-dent’s executive order giving amnesty to 5 million immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally, and they especially do not agree with Hillary Clinton’s plan 
to legalize even more. 
A recent Rasmussen poll found that a 
majority of Americans, 63 percent, now think gaining control of our border is more important than legalizing those already in the United States. 
Earlier this month Rasmussen re-
ported that a majority of Americans believe illegal immigration increases the level of serious crime in America. 
Tragically, the death of Kate Steinle 
in San Francisco serves as a reminder of how the administration’s failed poli-cies have endangered the lives of inno-cent Americans. 
Instead of putting the safety of 
Americans first, the administration has often given a free pass to violent criminals who cross our border ille-gally. 
The administration should listen to 
the American people. Securing our bor-ders should be its first priority, not giving amnesty to those who are here illegally. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 14 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1631 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) at 4 o’clock 
and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 21, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 21, 2015 at 3:15 p.m. 
That the Senate passed S. 1177. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.007 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5304 July 21, 2015 
will postpone further proceedings 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
VETERANS INFORMATION 
MODERNIZATION ACT 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2256) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Admin-istration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2256 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited a the ‘‘Veterans In-
formation Modernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ANNUAL REPORT ON VETERANS HEALTH 
ADMINISTRATION AND FURNISHING OF HOSPITAL CARE, MEDICAL SERV-ICES, AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘§ 7330B. Annual report on Veterans Health 
Administration and furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care 
‘‘(a) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 
March 1 during each of years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary and on the ad-ministration of the provision of such care and services by the Veterans Health Admin-istration during the calendar year preceding the calendar year during which the report is submitted. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—Each report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include each of 
the following for the year covered by the re-port: 
‘‘(1) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
the Veterans Health Administration pro-gram in increasing the access of veterans eli-gible for hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care furnished by the Sec-retary to such care. 
‘‘(2) An evaluation of the effectiveness of 
the Veterans Health Administration in im-proving the quality of health care provided to such veterans, without increasing the costs incurred by the Government or such veterans, which includes the relevant infor-mation for each medical center and Veterans Integrated Service Network of the Depart-ment set forth separately. 
‘‘(3) An assessment of— ‘‘(A) the workload of physicians and other 
employees of the Veterans Health Adminis-tration; 
‘‘(B) patient demographics and utilization 
rates; 
‘‘(C) physician compensation; ‘‘(D) the productivity of physicians and 
other employees of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration; ‘‘(E) the percentage of hospital care, med-
ical services, and nursing home care pro-vided to such veterans in Department facili-ties and in non-Department facilities and any changes in such percentages compared to the year preceding the year covered by the report; 
‘‘(F) pharmaceutical prices; and ‘‘(G) third party health billings owed to 
the Department, including the total amount of such billings and the total amounts col-lected, set forth separately for claims great-er than $1000 and for claims equal to or less than $1000. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the 
terms ‘hospital care’, ‘medical services’, ‘nursing home care’, and ‘non-Department facilities’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1701 of this title.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330A the following new item: 
‘‘7330B. Annual report on Veterans Health 
Administration and furnishing of hospital care, medical serv-ices, and nursing home care.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF HOME-
LESS VETERAN FOR PURPOSES OF BENEFITS UNDER THE LAWS ADMIN-ISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 2002(1) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or (b)’’ after ‘‘section 103(a)’’. 
SEC. 4. IDENTIFICATION AND TRACKING OF BIO-
LOGICAL IMPLANTS USED IN DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
73 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7330C. Identification and tracking of bio-
logical implants 
‘‘(a) S
TANDARD IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM FOR  
BIOLOGICAL IMPLANTS .—(1) The Secretary 
shall adopt the unique device identification system developed for medical devices by the Food and Drug Administration pursuant to section 519(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360i(f)), or imple-ment a comparable standard identification system, for use in identifying biological im-plants intended for use in medical proce-dures conducted in medical facilities of the Department. 
‘‘(2) In adopting or implementing a stand-
ard identification system for biological im-plants under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall permit a vendor to use any of the ac-credited entities identified by the Food and Drug Administration as an issuing agency pursuant to section 830.100 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regu-lation. 
‘‘(b) B
IOLOGICAL IMPLANT TRACKING SYS-
TEM.—(1) The Secretary shall implement a 
system for tracking the biological implants referred to in subsection (a) from human donor or animal source to implantation. 
‘‘(2) The tracking system implemented 
under paragraph (1) shall be compatible with the identification system adopted or imple-mented under subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary shall implement inven-
tory controls compatible with the tracking system implemented under paragraph (1) so that all patients who have received, in a medical facility of the Department, a bio-logical implant subject to a recall can be no-tified of the recall, if based on the evaluation of appropriate medical personnel of the De-partment of the risks and benefits, the Sec-retary determines such notification is appro-priate. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENCY WITHFOOD AND DRUGAD-
MINISTRATION REGULATIONS .—To the extent that a conflict arises between this section 
and a provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) or sections 351 or 361 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 262) (including any regula-tions issued under such Acts), the provision the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or Public Health Service Act (including any regulations issued under such Acts) shall apply. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF BIOLOGICAL IMPLANT .— 
In this section, the term ‘biological implant’ means any animal or human cell, tissue, or cellular or tissue-based product— 
‘‘(1) under the meaning given the term 
human cells, tissues, or cellular or tissue- based products in section 1271.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation; or 
‘‘(2) that is regulated as a device under sec-
tion 201(h) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B, as added by section 2, the following new item: 
‘‘7330C. Identification and tracking of bio-
logical implants.’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINES .— 
(1) S TANDARD IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to biological 
implants described in paragraph (1) of sub-section (d) of section 7330C of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall adopt or implement a standard identification system for biological implants, as required by sub-section (a) of such section, by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) I
MPLANTS REGULATED AS DEVICES .— 
With respect to biological implants described in paragraph (2) of subsection (d) of such sec-tion, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall adopt or implement such standard identifica-tion system in compliance with the compli-ance dates established by the Food and Drug Administration pursuant to section 519(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360i(f)). 
(2) T
RACKING SYSTEM .—The Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs shall implement the bio-logical implant tracking system required by section 7330C(b), as added by subsection (a), by not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If the biological implant 
tracking system required by section 7330C(b) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), is not operational by the date that is 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a written explanation for why the system is not operational for each month until such time as the system is oper-ational. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each explanation sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the following: 
(A) Each impediment to the implementa-
tion of the system described in such para-graph. 
(B) Steps being taken to remediate each 
such impediment. 
(C) Target dates for a solution to each such 
impediment. 
SEC. 5. PROCUREMENT OF BIOLOGICAL IM-
PLANTS USED IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FA-CILITIES. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.011 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5305 July 21, 2015 
‘‘§ 8129. Procurement of biological implants 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary may 
procure biological implants of human origin only from vendors that meet the following conditions: 
‘‘(A) The vendor uses the standard identi-
fication system adopted or implemented by the Secretary under section 7330C(a) of this title and has safeguards to ensure that a dis-tinct identity code has been in place at each step of distribution of each biological im-plant from its donor. 
‘‘(B) The vendor is registered as required 
by the Food and Drug Administration under subpart B of part 1271 of title 21, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor regula-tion, and in the case of a vendor that uses a tissue distribution intermediary or a tissue processor, the vendor provides assurances that the tissue distribution intermediary or tissue processor is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(C) The vendor ensures that donor eligi-
bility determinations and such other records as the Secretary may require accompany each biological implant at all times, regard-less of the country of origin of the donor of the biological material. 
‘‘(D) The vendor agrees to cooperate with 
all biological implant recalls conducted on the vendor’s own initiative, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(E) The vendor agrees to notify the Sec-
retary of any adverse event or reaction re-port it provides to the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, as required by section 1271.350 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, or any successor regulation, or of any warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration issued to the vendor or a tissue processor or tissue dis-tribution intermediary it uses by not later than 60 days after the vendor receives such report or warning letter. 
‘‘(F) The vendor agrees to retain all 
records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procure-ment of the biological implant. 
‘‘(G) The vendor provides assurances that 
the biological implants provided by the ven-dor are acquired only from tissue processors that maintain active accreditation with the American Association of Tissue Banks or a similar national accreditation specific to bi-ological implants. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may procure biological 
implants of non-human origin only from ven-dors that meet the following conditions: 
‘‘(A) The vendor uses the standard identi-
fication system adopted or implemented by the Secretary under section 7330C(a) of this title. 
‘‘(B) The vendor is a registered establish-
ment as required by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration under sections 807.20 and 807.40 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, (or is not required to register pursuant to section 807.65(a) of such title) and in the case of a vendor that is not the original product manufacturer of such implants the vendor provides assur-ances that the original product manufac-turer is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(C) The vendor agrees to cooperate with 
all biological implant recalls conducted on the vendor’s own initiative, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. 
‘‘(D) The vendor agrees to notify the Sec-
retary of any adverse event report it pro-vides to the Food and Drug Administration 
as required in part 803 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration issued to the vendor or the original product manufacturer it uses by not later than 60 days after the vendor receives such report or warning letter. 
‘‘(E) The vendor agrees to retain all 
records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procure-ment of the biological implant. 
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall procure bio-
logical implants under the Federal Supply Schedules of the General Services Adminis-tration unless such implants are not avail-able under such Schedules. 
‘‘(B) With respect to biological implants 
listed on the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall accommodate reasonable vendor requests to undertake outreach ef-forts to educate medical professionals of the Department about the use and efficacy of such biological implants. 
‘‘(C) In the case of biological implants that 
are unavailable for procurement under the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall procure such implants using competi-tive procedures in accordance with applica-ble law and the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion. 
‘‘(4) Section 8123 of this title shall not 
apply to the procurement of biological im-plants. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .—In addition to any appli-
cable penalty under any other provision of law, any procurement employee of the De-partment who is found responsible for a bio-logical implant procurement transaction with intent to avoid or with reckless dis-regard of the requirements of this section shall be ineligible to hold a certificate of ap-pointment as a contracting officer or to serve as the representative of an ordering of-ficer, contracting officer, or purchase card holder. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘biological implant’ shall 
have the meaning given such term in section 7330C(d) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘distinct identity code’ 
means a code that— 
‘‘(A) relates a biological implant to the 
human donor of the implant and to all records pertaining to the implant; 
‘‘(B) includes information designed to fa-
cilitate effective tracking, using such code, from the donor to the recipient and from the recipient to the donor; and 
‘‘(C) satisfies the requirements of section 
1271.290 of title 21, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘tissue distribution inter-
mediary’ means an agency that acquires and stores human tissue for further distribution and performs no other tissue banking func-tions. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘tissue processor’ means an 
entity processing human tissue for use in bi-ological implants including activities per-formed on tissue other than donor screening, donor testing, tissue recovery and collection functions, storage, or distribution.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to such subchapter the following new item: 
‘‘8129. Procurement of biological implants.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 8129 of title 
38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the track-ing system required under subsection (b) of section 7330C of such title, as added by sec-tion 4(a) is implemented. (c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CRYOPRESERVED  
PRODUCTS .—During the three-year period be-
ginning on the effective date of section 8129 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), biological implants produced and labeled before that date may be procured by the Department of Veterans Affairs with-out relabeling under the standard identifica-tion system adopted or implemented under section 7330C of such title, as added by sec-tion 4(a). 
SEC. 6. EXTENSION OF ROUNDING DOWN OF PER-
CENTAGE INCREASES OF RATES OF CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) M ONTGOMERY GI B ILL.—Section 
3015(h)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2014’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
(b) S
URVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 3564(b) of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2014’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 7. VETERANS EXPEDITED RECOVERY COM-
MISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the Veterans Expedited Recovery Commis-sion (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Com-mission’’). 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall perform 
the following duties: 
(1) Examine the efficacy of the evidence- 
based therapy model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating mental health illnesses of veterans and identify areas to improve wellness-based outcomes. 
(2) Conduct a patient-centered survey with-
in each of the Veterans Integrated Service Networks to examine— 
(A) the experience of veterans with the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs when seeking medical assistance for mental health issues through the health care system of the De-partment; 
(B) the experience of veterans with non-De-
partment medical facilities and health pro-fessionals for treating mental health issues; 
(C) the preferences of veterans regarding 
available treatments for mental health issues and which methods the veterans be-lieve to be most effective; 
(D) the experience, if any, of veterans with 
respect to the complementary alternative treatment therapies described in subpara-graphs (A) through (I) in paragraph (3); 
(E) the prevalence of prescribing prescrip-
tion medication among veterans seeking treatment through the health care system of the Department as remedies for addressing mental health issues; and 
(F) the outreach efforts of the Secretary 
regarding the availability of benefits and treatments for veterans for addressing men-tal health issues, including by identifying ways to reduce barriers to and gaps in such benefits and treatments. 
(3) Examine available research on com-
plementary alternative treatment therapies for mental health issues and identify what benefits could be made with the inclusion of such treatments for veterans, including with respect to— 
(A) music therapy; (B) equine therapy; (C) training and caring for service dogs; 
(D) yoga therapy; (E) acupuncture therapy; (F) meditation therapy; (G) outdoor sports therapy; (H) hyperbaric oxygen therapy; (I) accelerated resolution therapy; and (J) other therapies the Commission deter-
mines appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.003 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5306 July 21, 2015 
(4) Study the potential increase of claims 
relating to mental health issues submitted to the Secretary by veterans who served in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn, in-cluding an assessment of the resources avail-able within the Department to ensure that quality health care demands relating to such claims can be delivered in a timely manner. 
(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall be 
composed of 10 members, appointed as fol-lows: 
(i) Two members appointed by the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(ii) Two members appointed by the Minor-
ity Leader of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(iii) Two members appointed by the Major-
ity Leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(iv) Two members appointed by the Minor-
ity Leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(v) Two members appointed by the Presi-
dent, at least one of whom shall be a vet-eran. 
(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Members of the Com-
mission shall be— 
(i) individuals who are of recognized stand-
ing and distinction within the medical com-munity with a background in treating men-tal health; 
(ii) individuals with experience working 
with the military and veteran population; and 
(iii) individuals who do not have a finan-
cial interest in any of the complementary al-ternative treatments reviewed by the Com-mission. 
(2) C
HAIRMAN .—The President shall des-
ignate a member of the Commission to be the chairman. 
(3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members of 
the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. 
(4) V
ACANCY .—A vacancy in the Commis-
sion shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(5) A
PPOINTMENT DEADLINE .—The appoint-
ment of members of the Commission in this section shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— 
(1) M EETING .— 
(A) I NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission 
shall hold its first meeting not later than 30 days after a majority of members are ap-pointed to the Commission. 
(B) M
EETING .—The Commission shall regu-
larly meet at the call of the Chairman. Such meetings may be carried out through the use of telephonic or other appropriate tele-communication technology if the Commis-sion determines that such technology will allow the members to communicate simulta-neously. 
(2) H
EARING .—The Commission may hold 
such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive evi-dence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out the responsibilities of the Com-mission. 
(3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— 
The Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the Federal Government such information as the Com-mission considers necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission. 
(4) I
NFORMATION FROM NONGOVERNMENTAL  
ORGANIZATIONS .—In carrying out subsection 
(b), the Commission may seek guidance through consultation with foundations, vet-erans service organizations, nonprofit groups, faith-based organizations, private and public institutions of higher education, and other organizations as the Commission 
determines appropriate. 
(5) C
OMMISSION RECORDS .—The Commission 
shall keep an accurate and complete record of the actions and meetings of the Commis-sion. Such record shall be made available for public inspection and the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States may audit and ex-amine such record. 
(6) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .—Upon request of 
the chairman of the Commission, the head of any department or agency of the Federal Government may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any personnel of that department or agency to assist the Commission in carrying out the duties of the Commission. 
(7) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS ; TRAVEL EX -
PENSES .—Each member shall serve without 
pay, except that each member shall receive travel expenses to perform the duties of the Commission under subsection (b), including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates au-thorized under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code. 
(8) S
TAFF .—The Chairman, in accordance 
with rules agreed upon by the Commission, may appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, without regard to the provision of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may ex-ceed the equivalent of that payable for a po-sition at a level IV of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. 
(9) P
ERSONNEL AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The executive director 
and any personnel of the Commission are employees under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, for purpose of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, and 90 of such title. 
(B) M
EMBERS OF THE COMMISSION .—Sub-
paragraph (A) shall not be construed to apply to members of the Commission. 
(10) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, 
to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, enter into 
contracts to enable the Commission to dis-charge the duties of the Commission under this section. 
(11) E
XPERT AND CONSULTANT SERVICE .—The 
Commission may procure the services of ex-perts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid to a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
(12) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as de-partments and agencies of the United States. 
(13) P
HYSICAL FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT .— 
Upon the request of the Commission, the Ad-ministrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support services nec-essary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this section. These ad-ministrative services may include human re-source management, budget, leasing, ac-counting, and payroll services. 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I NTERIM REPORTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which the Commission first meets, and each 30-day period thereafter end-ing on the date on which the Commission submits the final report under paragraph (2), the Commission shall submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the President a report detailing the level of co-
operation the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (and the heads of other departments or agen-cies of the Federal Government) has provided to the Commission. 
(B) O
THER REPORTS .—In carrying out the 
duties pursuant to subsection (b), at times that the Commission determines appro-priate, the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate and any other appropriate entities an interim re-port with respect to the findings identified by the Commission. 
(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the first meeting of the Com-mission, the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the President, and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs a final report on the findings of the Commission. Such report shall include the following: 
(A) Recommendations to implement in a 
feasible, timely, and cost-effective manner the solutions and remedies identified within the findings of the Commission pursuant to subsection (b). 
(B) An analysis of the evidence-based ther-
apy model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating veterans with mental health care issues, and an examination of the prevalence and efficacy of prescription drugs as a means for treatment. 
(C) The findings of the patient-centered 
survey conducted within each of the Vet-erans Integrated Service Networks pursuant to subsection (b)(2). 
(D) An examination of complementary al-
ternative treatments described in subsection (b)(3) and the potential benefits of incor-porating such treatments in the therapy model used by the Secretary for treating vet-erans with mental health issues. 
(3) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date on which the Commission submits the final report under subsection (b), the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the following: 
(A) An action plan for implementing the 
recommendations established by the Com-mission on such solutions and remedies for improving wellness-based outcomes for vet-erans with mental health care issues. 
(B) A feasible timeframe on when com-
plementary alternative treatments described in subsection (b)(3) can be implemented De-partment-wide. 
(C) With respect to each recommendation 
established by the Commission, including re-garding any complementary alternative treatment, that the Secretary determines is not appropriate or feasible to implement, a justification for each such determination and an alternative solution to improve the efficacy of the therapy model used by the Secretary for treating veterans with mental health issues. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF COMMISSION .—The Com-
mission shall terminate 30 days after the Commission submits the final report under subsection (e)(2). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members 
have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.003 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5307 July 21, 2015 
add extraneous material on H.R. 2256, 
as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2256, as 
amended, the Veterans Information Modernization Act. 
I developed and introduced this legis-
lation following an oversight hearing in January where the subcommittee at-tempted to determine the cost and value of the care that the Department of Veterans Affairs provides to our Na-tion’s veterans. 
Through the course of that hearing, 
it became painfully obvious that VA leaders were unable to provide basic in-formation about, for example, how much the VA spends on a single patient encounter in a VA primary care clinic. 
As a doctor who served veterans at 
the Oscar G. Johnson VA Medical Cen-ter in my hometown of Iron Mountain, Michigan, for 20 years, it is unbeliev-able to me that the VA either does not have or is unwilling to share key infor-mation about the care that it provides. 
The Congressional Budget Office tes-
tified in January that the VA ‘‘. . . provided limited data to Congress and the public about its costs and oper-ational performance.’’ 
The CBO went on to state, ‘‘. . . if 
this data was provided on a regular and systemic basis, it could help inform policymakers about the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of VA’s services.’’ 
Similar sentiments about the need 
for the VA to be more forthcoming were echoed at that hearing by wit-nesses from the American Legion and the Independent Budget. 
We are all too well aware of the 
many—seemingly endless—scandals that have plagued the Department over the last year and a half. A lack of transparency is at the heart of all of these scandals, and one of the keys to overcoming them is requiring the De-partment to regularly provide specific information about the care that the VA provides. 
H.R. 2256, as amended, would accom-
plish that goal by requiring the VA to submit an annual report to Congress regarding the provision of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the VA health care sys-tem. 
The report would encompass critical 
information about the operations of the Veterans Health Administration, including data regarding access, qual-ity, workload, patient demographics and utilization, physician compensa-tion and productivity, purchase care, and pharmaceutical prices. 
The VA would also be required to de-
tail third-party billings and collec-tions, including information on both small and large claims. This would en-sure that the growing disparity be-tween the amounts that the VA bills for and the amount that the VA col-lects is accounted for and that the VA 
receives every available dollar that it is owed and uses it to improve the serv-ices that the VA provides. Many of the data points included in this report are already provided by the Department of Defense for TRICARE. 
The regular receipt of this informa-
tion would allow Congress, veterans, and the American taxpayers to make better informed decisions about the services that the Department is offer-ing and to assist in creating the VA healthcare system that our veterans truly deserve. 
Other provisions included in the Vet-
erans Information Modernization Act would broaden the VA’s definition of a ‘‘homeless veteran’’ to include veterans and their families who are fleeing vio-lent homes, improve the VA’s processes for tracking and procuring biological implants, and establish a commission to examine the VA’s mental health treatment model and the benefits of in-corporating complementary and alter-native treatments. 
I would like to offer my sincere grati-
tude and appreciation to my friends and colleagues—Congressman G
USBILI-
RAKIS , Congressman P HIL ROE, and 
Congresswoman J ANICE HAHN—who 
have sponsored provisions of this bill. 
I would also like to thank Chairman 
MILLER ; Ranking Member B ROWN ; Con-
gresswoman J ULIA BROWNLEY , the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health; and all of the members of the Subcommittee on Health on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and leadership on this bill. 
I am proud to say that this bill, 
which was reported favorably out of the full committee earlier this summer and is fully offset, is supported by many veteran service organizations, in-cluding the American Legion, the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, the Concerned Veterans for America, the Vietnam Veterans of America, and the Para-lyzed Veterans of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-
leagues to join me in supporting the Veterans Information Modernization Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2256, the Vet-
erans Information Modernization Act, as amended. 
This bill does a number of things to 
improve access and quality of services to our Nation’s veterans. This bill re-quires the Secretary to submit an an-nual report on the Department’s fur-nishing of hospital care, medical serv-ices, and nursing home care to vet-erans. 
One of our priorities on the com-
mittee is to ensure that safe, quality health care is provided to veterans and their families. This report will assist us in our oversight duties of the De-partment. 
This bill expands the definition of a 
‘‘homeless veteran’’ to include veterans fleeing from domestic violence. As you 
know, veterans who experience domes-tic violence are considered at high risk 
for homelessness. This is a very vulner-able population, and anytime we find a barrier to care, we should remove it. 
Further, one of my biggest priorities 
as ranking member is to ensure that we provide safe, quality housing for homeless women veterans. 
Women veterans are an underserved 
population, and there is a serious lack of housing options for those who be-come homeless. 
There is an even greater crisis in at-
tempting to find housing for women veterans who have children. This is largely due to the fact that many fa-cilities do not allow women and chil-dren to be in the same facilities as men. This must be corrected imme-diately. 
I have encountered several women— 
those who have been forced to live on the streets—in weekly motels and in other housing places that are not fit to live in due to domestic violence. 
This is completely unacceptable. We 
should be working closely with the VA and HUD to ensure that there is transi-tional and emergency housing avail-able for women veterans during their greatest time of need. 
This bill addresses gaps in the identi-
fication, tracking, and the procure-
ment of biological implants at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
Finally, this bill would establish a 
commission to examine the effective-ness of the evidence-based therapy model for treating veterans’ mental health illnesses. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle for their in-terest and support of veterans’ issues. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ), my colleague and friend and the 
vice chairman of the committee. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2256, the Veterans Information Modernization Act. 
This bill makes positive, bipartisan 
reforms to the VA, which has become the hallmark of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
We have such a good committee, Mr. 
Speaker. I am particularly pleased about the inclusion of my bill, H.R. 271, the Creating Options for Veterans Ex-pedited Recovery Act, better known as the COVER Act. 
Last year the Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee held a hearing regarding vet-erans’ access to the VA’s mental health services. At the hearing, we heard from the mothers and fathers of deceased veterans. 
I remember vividly how hearing their 
testimony moved me. I can’t remember another instance when the Veterans’ Affairs Committee room was so quiet and solemn as on that day. 
Statistics show that one in five vet-
erans who serves in Iraq and Afghani-stan has been diagnosed with post- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.012 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5308 July 21, 2015 
traumatic stress. Now we must respon-
sibly ask ourselves: Are we doing enough when it comes to addressing mental health in our veteran popu-lation? 
Recent data has shown that every 
day in this country approximately 18 to 22 veterans take their own lives. This statistic answers the question I posed earlier. It is obvious more needs to be done. 
Far too often we have heard of situa-
tions in which our veterans are being overprescribed opioids and antipsychotics. While traditional forms of therapies may work for some, tai-loring therapies to the veterans and finding the balance between traditional and complementary, alternative treat-ments could be the difference in saving lives. 
Late last year I met with a veteran 
who was able to tell me just how much alternative treatments have improved his life. His treatment plan to address his PTS and physical injuries consisted of over 30 different pills every day. He told me how much this affected him. He said he felt hopeless and wasn’t quite himself anymore. 
He then decided to take control of his 
life again and looked for an alter-native. He found an alternative treat-ment in training and in caring for a service dog. 
b1645 
Now, his treatment includes one 
multivitamin, one other medication, and a four-legged companion that never leaves his side. 
The COVER Act is the next piece in 
a working formula to heal our vet-erans, mentally and physically. It will pave the way toward the inclusion of these complementary alternative therapies at the VA. 
These therapies include, but cer-
tainly are not limited to, service ani-mal therapy, yoga therapy, acupunc-ture, equine therapy, and accelerated resolution therapy. Mr. Speaker, I have heard the stories from these veterans, and these therapies really work. They need access to these therapies. At a re-cent town hall, I even heard about the benefits of martial arts. The martial arts were treating PTS. 
Mr. Speaker, when treating mental 
health issues, one size does not fit all. Please support this good bill. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), 
my colleague and a fellow physician on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 2256, as amended, which includes a bill I intro-duced, H.R. 1016, the Biological Im-plant Tracking and Veteran Safety Act. 
A frightening January 2014 GAO re-
port found that the VA does not use a standardized process for tracking bio-logical tissue from a cadaver to a liv-ing donor veteran patient. In the event 
of a recall, it would be virtually impos-sible to track down which patient had received contaminated tissue. GAO also found that the Veterans Health Administration does not always ensure it is purchasing tissue from biological implant vendors that have registered with the FDA and does not maintain an inventory system to prevent expired tissue from remaining in storage along-side unexpired tissues. 
The GAO and Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee staff have discovered that VA often uses a loophole that allows it to purchase biological implants on the open, unregulated market, which it does in 57 percent of its biological im-plant purchases. This bill would re-quire the procurement of biological im-
plants from vendors on the Federal supply schedules which have been ap-propriately vetted. For biological im-plants not on the Federal supply sched-ule but requested by clinicians, my bill requires justification and approval of open market purchases under the Fed-eral acquisition regulation on a case- by-case basis rather than simply grant-ing a blanket waiver. 
This bill would also direct the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to adopt FDA’s unique device identification sys-tem for labeling of all biological im-plant tissue and implement an auto-mated inventory system to track the tissue from donor to implant recipient. This legislation would also require all biological implant tissue to be pro-cured through vendors that are reg-istered with the FDA, accredited by the American Association of Tissue Banks, and use FDA’s unique device identification system. 
The 6 million veterans served annu-
ally by VHA deserve the highest stand-ard of patient care in the Nation. Im-plementation of H.R. 2256 would help establish the VA as an industry leader in biologic implant safety and account-ability. 
I want to thank the Oversight and In-
vestigations Subcommittee staff for their help in developing this legislation which truly puts veterans first. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate the gentlewoman’s support, and I again encourage all Members to support H.R. 2256, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2256, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-
poned. 
f 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLE-
MENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 1599, SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD LA-BELING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill H.R. 1599. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
FTO PASSPORT REVOCATION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 237) to authorize the revocation or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with for-eign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure for the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent at this time to withdraw the motion to suspend the rules. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-
tion is withdrawn. 
f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
ANTIDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1557) to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission and ex-pand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1557 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Em-
ployee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Section 102 of the Notification and Federal 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (4), to read as follows: ‘‘(4) accountability in the enforcement of 
Federal employee rights is furthered when Federal agencies take appropriate discipli-nary action against Federal employees who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.013 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5309 July 21, 2015 
have been found to have committed discrimi-
natory or retaliatory acts;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘nor is accountability’’ and 
inserting ‘‘but accountability is not’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘for what by law the agen-
cy is responsible’’ after ‘‘under this Act’’. 
SEC. 3. NOTIFICATION OF VIOLATION. 
Section 202 of the Notification and Federal 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retalia-tion Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION OF FINAL AGENCY AC-
TION.— 
‘‘(1) Not later than 30 days after a Federal 
agency takes final action or the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission issues an appellate decision involving a finding of dis-crimination or retaliation prohibited by a provision of law covered by paragraphs (1) or (2) of section 201(a), as applicable, the head of the agency subject to the finding shall provide notice for at least 1 year on the agency’s Internet Web site in a clear and prominent location linked directly from the agency’s Internet home page stating that a finding of discrimination or retaliation has been made. 
‘‘(2) The notification shall identify the 
date the finding was made, the date or dates on which the discriminatory or retaliatory act or acts occurred, and the law or laws vio-lated by the discriminatory or retaliatory act or acts. The notification shall also advise Federal employees of the rights and protec-tions available under the respective provi-sions of law covered by paragraphs (1) or (2) of section 201(a).’’. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E LECTRONIC FORMAT REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 203(a) of the Noti-
fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘(in an electronic format prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management)’’ after ‘‘an annual report’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(3) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—Notwithstanding 
the requirements of section 203(a) of the No-tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note), the report required under such section may be submitted in an elec-tronic format, as prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management, during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the effective date in para-graph (2). 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR DISCIPLI -
NARY ACTION .—Section 203 of such Act is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) D ISCIPLINARY ACTION REPORT .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date on which a Federal agency takes final action or an agen-cy receives an appellate decision issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission involving a finding of discrimination or retaliation in violation of a provision of law covered by paragraphs (1) or (2) of sec-tion 201(a), as applicable, the employing Fed-eral agency shall submit to the Commission a report stating whether disciplinary action has been initiated against a Federal em-ployee as a result of the violation.’’. 
SEC. 5. DATA TO BE POSTED BY EMPLOYING FED-
ERAL AGENCIES. 
Section 301(b) of the Notification and Fed-
eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (9)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) for each such finding counted under 
subparagraph (A), the agency shall specify— 
‘‘(i) the date of the finding, ‘‘(ii) the affected agency, ‘‘(iii) the law violated, and ‘‘(iv) whether a decision has been made re-
garding necessary disciplinary action as a re-sult of the finding.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) Data regarding each class action com-
plaint filed against the agency alleging dis-crimination or retaliation, including— 
‘‘(A) information regarding the date on 
which each complaint was filed, 
‘‘(B) a general summary of the allegations 
alleged in the complaint, 
‘‘(C) an estimate of the total number of 
plaintiffs joined in the complaint if known, 
‘‘(D) the current status of the complaint, 
including whether the class has been cer-tified, and 
‘‘(E) the case numbers for the civil actions 
in which discrimination or retaliation has been found.’’. 
SEC. 6. DATA TO BE POSTED BY THE EQUAL EM-
PLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMIS-SION. 
Section 302(b) of the Notification and Fed-
eral Employee Antidiscrimination and Re-taliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(11)’’. 
SEC. 7. NOTIFICATION AND FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
ANTIDISCRIMINATION AND RETALIA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The No-
tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended by adding after section 206 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 207. COMPLAINT TRACKING. 
‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of the Federal Employee Anti-discrimination Act of 2015, each Federal agency shall establish a system to track each complaint of discrimination arising under section 2302(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, and adjudicated through the Equal Employment Opportunity process from inception to resolution of the com-plaint, including whether a decision has been made regarding necessary disciplinary ac-tion as the result of a finding of discrimina-tion. 
‘‘SEC. 208. NOTATION IN PERSONNEL RECORD. 
‘‘If an agency takes an adverse action cov-
ered under section 7512 of title 5, United States Code, against an employee for an act of discrimination or retaliation prohibited by a provision of law covered by paragraphs (1) or (2) of section 201(a), the agency shall, after all appeals relating to such action have been exhausted, include a notation of the ad-verse action and the reason for the action in the employee’s personnel record.’’. 
(b) P
ROCESSING AND REFERRAL .—The Noti-
fication and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE IV—PROCESSING AND REFERRAL 
‘‘SEC. 401. PROCESSING AND RESOLUTION OF 
COMPLAINTS. 
‘‘Each Federal agency is responsible for 
the fair, impartial, processing and resolution of complaints of employment discrimination and retaliation arising in the Federal admin-istrative process and shall establish a model Equal Employment Opportunity Program that— 
‘‘(1) is not under the control, either struc-
turally or practically, of a Human Capital or General Counsel office; ‘‘(2) is devoid of internal conflicts of inter-
est and ensures fairness and inclusiveness within the organization; and 
‘‘(3) ensures the efficient and fair resolu-
tion of complaints alleging discrimination or retaliation. 
‘‘SEC. 402. NO LIMITATION ON HUMAN CAPITAL 
OR GENERAL COUNSEL ADVICE. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall prevent a Fed-
eral agency’s Human Capital or General Counsel office from providing advice or coun-sel to agency personnel on the processing and resolution of a complaint, including pro-viding legal representation to an agency in any proceeding. 
‘‘SEC. 403. HEAD OF PROGRAM REPORTS TO HEAD 
OF AGENCY. 
‘‘The head of each Federal agency’s Equal 
Employment Opportunity Program shall re-port directly to the head of the agency. 
‘‘SEC. 404. REFERRALS OF FINDINGS OF DIS-
CRIMINATION. 
‘‘(a) EEOC F INDINGS OF DISCRIMINATION .— 
Not later than 30 days after the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission issues an appellate decision involving a finding of dis-crimination or retaliation within a Federal agency the Commission shall refer the mat-ter to the Office of Special Counsel. 
‘‘(b) R
EFERRALS TO SPECIAL COUNSEL .—The 
Office of Special Counsel shall accept and re-view a referral from the Commission under subsection (a) for purposes of seeking dis-ciplinary action under its authority against an Federal employee who commits an act of discrimination or retaliation. 
‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Office of Special 
Counsel shall notify the Commission in a case in which the Office of Special Counsel initiates disciplinary action. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL COUNSEL APPROVAL .—An 
agency may not take disciplinary action against a Federal employee for an alleged act of discrimination or retaliation referred by the Commission under this section except in accordance with the requirements of sec-tion 1214(f) of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table 
of contents in section 1(b) of the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 206 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 207. Complaint tracking. 
‘‘Sec. 208. Notation in personnel record.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘TITLE IV—PROCESSING AND REFERRAL 
‘‘Sec. 401. Processing and resolution of com-
plaints. 
‘‘Sec. 402. No limitation on Human Capital 
or General Counsel advice. 
‘‘Sec. 403. Head of Program reports to head 
of agency. 
‘‘Sec. 404. Referrals of findings of discrimi-
nation.’’. 
SEC. 8. NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT LIMITA-
TION. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (13)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Office of Special 
Counsel’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘implement’’ and inserting 
‘‘(A) implement’’; and 
(C) by striking the period that follows the 
quoted material and inserting ‘‘; or’’; 
(2) by adding after subparagraph (A), as 
added by paragraph (1)(B), and preceding the flush left matter that follows paragraph (13), the following: 
‘‘(B) implement or enforce any nondisclo-
sure policy, form, or agreement, if such pol-icy, form, or agreement prohibits or restricts an employee from disclosing to Congress, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.004 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5310 July 21, 2015 
Office of Special Counsel, or an Office of the 
Inspector General any information that re-lates to any violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial, and specific danger to public health or safety, or any other whistleblower protection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1557, 
introduced by my friend and ranking member of the Oversight and Govern-ment Reform Committee, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS of Maryland. He has done yeo-
man’s work on this content. I was proud to join him as a cosponsor of this important piece of legislation that will help many of our Federal workers as they go through their work in knowing they have even more protections. 
The Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-
nation Act of 2015 strengthens account-ability within our Federal workforce. The bill does so by improving agencies’ processes for reporting instances of workplace discrimination and retalia-tion. It also requires agencies to create a system to track complaints of dis-crimination and retaliation from be-ginning to end. 
The bill ensures that agencies report 
to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission whether disciplinary ac-tion has been taken against an em-ployee for discrimination or retalia-tion. It requires agencies to provide electronic notification to employees when such an action occurs. 
The bill requires agencies to post ad-
ditional information about discrimina-tory practices on their Web site. It also requires that adverse actions taken against any employee for discrimina-tion or retaliation be included in that individual’s personnel file. 
Combined, these provisions bring ad-
ditional transparency and account-ability to the Federal civil service and will help diminish instances of dis-crimination and retaliation within our government. Obviously, those things can’t stand. 
The bill also makes agency Equal 
Employment offices a direct report to the agency head. This is an important step and a good portion of the bill that is being brought forth today. This change will help ensure that employees feel safe and comfortable when report-ing discriminatory or retaliatory ac-
tions. 
Finally, H.R. 1557 makes clear that 
employees can report waste, fraud, and abuse within their agency to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or the in-spectors general. 
Federal employees are essential in 
exposing wrongdoing within the gov-ernment. An agency should never have the ability to tell a government em-ployee that he or she cannot report waste, fraud, or abuse to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or the inspec-tors general. The bill reinforces that obstructing an employee’s communica-tion with Congress and other watch-dogs is against the law. 
We should be encouraging open com-
munication between Federal employees and Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, and the inspectors general to protect the integrity of our govern-ment and the taxpayers. 
I want to again thank Mr. C
UMMINGS  
for his leadership and work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1557. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As the author of the Federal Em-
ployee Antidiscrimination Act, I would like to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ and 
his staff for working with me in draft-ing this bipartisan legislation. I also appreciate the chairman’s support for this bill during the committee’s con-sideration this past March. 
I thank Congresswoman E
LEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON for cosponsoring the 
bill. As a former Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, her expertise in employment law is unparalleled in Congress. 
I also appreciate the support of Rep-
resentatives J
AMES SENSENBRENNER  
and S HEILA JACKSON LEE, who cospon-
sored the bill. 
I especially want to thank Tanya 
Ward Jordan, Paulette Taylor, and all the members of the Coalition 4 Change, also known as C4C, for their invaluable assistance on this legislation. 
I am also grateful that this bill has 
strong support of the Make It Safe Coa-lition. 
Both C4C and the Make It Safe Coali-
tion are dedicated to ending discrimi-nation and retaliation against whistle-blowers in the Federal workplace, and I applaud their leadership and their hard work. 
The Federal EEO programs are crit-
ical to ensuring that Federal work-places are free from discrimination and that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are identified and eliminated. These programs exist to ensure that our Federal workplaces up-hold the guarantee of equal oppor-tunity. That is the right of every cit-izen in this great country. 
If discrimination occurs, these pro-
grams must be able to investigate and adjudicate employee complaints impar-tially and in a timely manner. b1700 
In fiscal year 2012, Federal employees 
and job applicants filed nearly 16,000 complaints alleging that they had been victims of discrimination. Although the vast majority of Federal work-places are in compliance with current EEO requirements, some Federal agen-cies have failed to meet the standards of a model EEO program. 
For example, in 2014, the EEOC 
issued a report on the Social Security Administration that made 12 findings regarding Social Security’s failure to maintain a model EEOC program, en-sure efficient management of the var-ious stages of the complaint process, provide uniform training to ensure equal opportunities, and implement ef-fective and efficient antiharassment policies and procedures. The EEOC made more than 60 recommendations 
for reform of that one program alone. 
My bill would require that EEO pro-
grams operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices and that the head of the program report directly to the head of an agency. This would ensure that ef-fective implementation of the EEO pro-gram is prioritized at the highest level of an agency and that program’s sole purpose is ensuring equal opportunity for all employees. 
H.R. 1557 would also strengthen the 
accountability mechanisms that are central to the effectiveness of the EEO process. This legislation would expand the notifications that agencies are re-quired to provide when discrimination is found to have occurred and would re-quire agencies to track and report whether such findings have resulted in any disciplinary action. 
Finally, the act would prohibit the 
use of nondisclosure agreements that restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the office of special counsel, or an inspector general any informa-tion that relates to any violation of law, rule, or regulation or instance of waste, fraud, or abuse. 
According to the 2014 Federal em-
ployee viewpoint survey, only 60 per-cent of Federal employees agreed that they could ‘‘disclose a suspected viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
As I often say, we are better than 
that. Employees need to have con-fidence that they can report an act of discrimination without suffering retal-iation, and they need to know that such reports will be thoroughly, fairly, and timely investigated and adju-dicated. 
The Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-
nation Act of 2015 will strengthen ex-isting requirements to ensure that Fed-eral EEO programs meet these stand-ards and that agency management of the EEO process follows the best prac-tices available. 
Again, I take a moment, Mr. Speak-
er, to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ . This 
was truly a bipartisan effort. We saw a problem, and we put our heads together and tried to address it. I would urge all Members of the House to vote for it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.004 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5311 July 21, 2015 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me rise today to thank both the chair-man and the ranking member of this committee, Mr. C
HAFFETZ and Mr. 
CUMMINGS , for their leadership on a 
very important issue, which I rise to be part of and with a little history on this issue with the earlier passage of the No FEAR Act so many years ago. 
I support this legislation which en-
sures agencies effectively implement their Equal Employment Opportunity, or EEO, programs and that Federal em-ployees are never prevented from dis-closing discriminatory or wasteful ac-tions to Congress, the office of special counsel, or inspectors general. 
How important is that? We have a 
history of addressing workplace equal-ity, and that is why I sponsored similar legislation with the No FEAR Act, which was first introduced in Congress in 2002. This was previous legislation that had a sense of Congress provision, whereas this particular legislation fur-ther strengthens the responsibilities and rights of employees. 
The No FEAR Act set the precedent 
for imposing additional duties upon Federal agency employers, intended to reinvigorate their longstanding obliga-tion to provide a work environment free of discrimination and retaliation. 
On October 2, 2000, the House Science 
Committee held a hearing dealing with actions at one of our agencies. Dr. Mar-sha Coleman-Adebayo had been in my office repeatedly. I mention her name because of her continued vigilance in speaking about issues dealing with whistleblowers. In actuality, this one involved a $600,000 jury decision against the EPA for race and sex dis-crimination under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
As we all listened in this hearing, it 
was clear that what we wanted to do was prevent retaliation, which we see in this legislation here today. I am grateful that we now have a roadmap for dealing with individuals who want only the best for our government. 
I can give some of the names as an 
example: Mark Felt, the FBI agent known as Deep Throat during the Wa-tergate scandal of the 1970s; Frank Ser-pico, a New York police officer who confronted his department for the rampant corruption the leadership let take place; Jeffrey Wigand, a tobacco executive who admitted that tobacco companies knew they were putting ad-dictive chemicals into their cigarettes; and, of course, Sherron Watkins, an ex-ecutive of the Enron Corporation. 
Of course, these individuals come 
from different walks of life, but the whole idea is to make sure that we, as Members of Congress, recognize that whistleblower activities or actions are clearly a part of good government. According to the 2014 Federal em-
ployee viewpoint survey, only 60 per-cent of Federal employees agreed that they could ‘‘disclose a suspected viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
I know that your committee, Mr. 
C
HAFFETZ and Mr. C UMMINGS , is really 
the front line of providing this forum; and I am glad to be able to join you as a member of the Homeland Security Committee and Judiciary Committee to, again, emphasize the importance of safe and discrimination-free work-places. 
I am grateful, again, to have had the 
opportunity firsthand to listen to at least one of our whistleblowers who only wanted to be able to help estab-lish a workplace that was free of dis-crimination and fear. 
Again, I want to make mention of 
Marsha Coleman-Adebayo, a dedicated Federal employee who worked so very hard. 
[From NPR.org, Sept. 6, 2011] 
HIGHPRICE OF BLOWING THE WHISTLE ON EPA 
Marsha Coleman-Adebayo earned a doc-
toral degree from the Massachusetts Insti-tute of Technology, and worked with the United Nations before joining the Environ-mental Protection Agency in 1990. During her time at the U.N., she also developed an expertise in African developmental issues. 
During her tenure at the EPA, Coleman- 
Adebayo says she requested that the agency devote attention to environmental problems in South Africa that were allegedly caused by an American company. She says that the agency reneged on promises to investigate the matter, and the harder she pushed for change, the more she faced a backlash from her superiors. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
make mention that we passed the No FEAR Act with a number of Members. 
As we have noted a number of whis-
tleblowers who were actually Persons of the Year on Time Magazine, I join my colleagues in supporting the present underlying legislation and ask all Members to support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as an original co- 
sponsor and strong support of H.R. 1557, the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this legislation because it ensures 
agencies effectively implement their Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) programs and that federal employees are never prevented from disclosing discriminatory or wasteful ac-tions to Congress, the Office of Special Coun-sel, or Inspectors General. 
Let me express my thanks to Ranking Mem-
ber C
UMMINGS for introducing this critical legis-
lation that is essential to ensuring that our fed-eral workplaces are free from discrimination, and that any barriers impeding fairness in per-sonnel decisions are identified and eliminated. 
We have a history of addressing workplace 
equality and that is why I sponsored similar legislation when the No Fear Act was first in-troduced to Congress in 2002. 
The No Fear Act set the precedent for im-
posing additional duties upon Federal agency employers intended to reinvigorate their long-standing obligation to provide a work environ-ment free of discrimination and retaliation. 
If you would allow me I would like to put a 
face on this problem. On October 2, 2000, the House Science 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Intolerance at EPA—Harming People, Harming Science?’’ 
Dr. Marsha Coleman-Adebayo, an EPA 
whistleblower, won a $600,000 jury decision against EPA for race and sex discrimination under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
During that hearing, then-chairman of the 
Science Committee Congressman S
ENSEN -
BRENNER illuminated the dangerous precedent 
set by the EPA, stating, ‘‘While EPA has a clear policy on dealing with employees that discriminate, harass and retaliate against other EPA employees, no one apparently involved in the Coleman-Adebayo or Nolan cases have yet to be disciplined by EPA.’’ 
Mr. Speaker no employee should fear voic-
ing their concerns in reference to a safer more work conducive environment. 
We often look at individuals or groups who 
step forward as whistleblowers. 
This term has been used with a negative 
connotation to describe insubordinate employ-ees, but history has shown us that whistle-blowers are often heroes that have shed light on employers’ illegal practices and as a result made the workplace better for future employ-ees. 
Mark Felt, the FBI agent known as deep 
throat during the Watergate Scandal of the 1970s. 
Frank Serpico, New York police officer who 
confronted his department for the rampant cor-ruption the leadership let take place. 
Jeffrey Wigand, a tobacco executive who 
admitted that tobacco companies knew they were putting addictive chemicals into their cigarettes. 
And Sherron Watkins, an executive of the 
Enron corporation who was vital in exposing the financial lies and frauds of the company. 
All these individuals stood up against well- 
established corporations and agencies even when others doubted their claims. 
We must protect these types of acts in Fed-
eral offices and successfully implement the Equal Employment Opportunity Programs (EEO). 
Mr. Speaker, in a sense every Member of 
Congress is a whistleblower for the people in that uncovering and correcting problems in the agencies that administer the laws is an essen-tial part of our oversight responsibilities. 
According to the 2014 Federal Employee 
Viewpoint Survey, only 60 percent of federal employees agreed that they could quote, ‘‘dis-close a suspected violation of any law, rule or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
We must do better and ensure employees 
have confidence that they can report an act of discrimination without suffering retaliation. 
Employees need to know that EEO reports 
will be thoroughly, fairly, and timely inves-tigated and adjudicated. 
H.R. 1557 would require that EEO programs 
operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices. 
This bill requires the head of the program 
report directly to the head of an agency and the act would prohibit the use of non-disclo-sure agreements that restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or instance of waste, fraud or abuse. 
As a senior member of the Committees on 
Homeland Security and the Judiciary, and as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.017 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5312 July 21, 2015 
Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-
committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, I understand the im-portance of safe and discrimination free work-places. 
In conclusion, let me express my apprecia-
tion again to Ranking Member C
UMMINGS for 
introducing this legislation and Chairman C
HAFFETZ for shepherding this bill to the floor. 
By strengthening existing requirements to 
ensure federal EEO programs meet high standards, we are implementing the best prac-tices available to combat workplace discrimi-nation. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, again, we urge the 
House to vote in favor of this very im-portant legislation. It is bipartisan and does address issues that are of concern to all of us. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I simply want to thank those Members who have worked hard on this bill. One that is of special note is Con-gressman S
EANDUFFY of Wisconsin. He 
has done great work on this, particu-larly trying to hold people accountable at Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau for the EEOC issues there. 
This bill would not be a reality with-
out Mr. C
UMMINGS . We thank him for 
his leadership on this. I am proud to support it. I think all the Members in this body should support it. It does fur-ther the protections for employees. It makes government better and more re-sponsible. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
1557, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1557. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL OR-GANIZATIONS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–49) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of 
its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect be-yond July 24, 2015. 
The activities of significant 
transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systems. Such organizations are be-coming increasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increasingly entrenched in the op-erations of foreign governments and the international financial system, thereby weakening democratic institu-tions, degrading the rule of law, and undermining economic markets. These organizations facilitate and aggravate violent civil conflicts and increasingly facilitate the activities of other dan-gerous persons. 
The activities of significant 
transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and ex-traordinary threat to the national se-curity, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. Therefore, I have de-termined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect 
to transnational criminal organiza-tions. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , July 21, 2015 . 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the chair. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 12 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1742 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) at 5 o’clock 
and 42 minutes p.m. 
f 
FTO PASSPORT REVOCATION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 237) to authorize the revocation or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with for-eign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 237 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FTO Pass-
port Revocation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS 
TO INDIVIDUALS AFFILIATED WITH FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the 
issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), commonly known as the ‘‘Pass-port Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT. 
‘‘(a) I NELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I SSUANCE .—Except as provided under 
subsection (b), the Secretary of State may refuse to issue a passport to any individual whom the Secretary has determined has aided, assisted, abetted, or otherwise helped an organization the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State 
refuses to issue or revokes a passport pursu-ant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall, not later than 30 days after such refusal or revocation, submit to the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on such refusal or rev-ocation, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members have 5 days to revise and extend and to in-clude extraneous materials on this measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
International travel by terrorist re-
cruits poses a deadly and growing threat. It is estimated that ISIS alone has drawn 20,000 foreign fighters into Syria and Iraq. 
Extremist groups in Libya, Yemen, 
and elsewhere also draw foreigners into their deadly campaigns. These include thousands of westerners, primarily from Europe, but also a couple of hun-dred people from the United States so far. 
The threats are as real as today’s 
headlines: British officials today ar-rested a man for plotting attacks on U.S. military personnel there in Brit-ain and for planning to travel to Syria to join ISIS, along with his uncle. 
If they are successful in traveling, 
these foreign fighters receive terrorist training and they hone their skills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.012 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5313 July 21, 2015 
there on the battlefield. Some have 
even appeared as executioners in ISIS’ gruesome propaganda videos. If they return home, hardened fighters come back more hateful, certainly more deadly. 
b1745 
The killing of four U.S. marines and 
one sailor in Chattanooga, Tennessee, last Thursday; the attempted attack in 
Garland, Texas, in May; and the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing all dem-onstrate that the United States is not immune from lone wolf and small-scale attacks of the type that ISIS and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula con-tinue to call for. 
Surprisingly, the statutory authority 
to prohibit such travel in support of designated terrorist groups hasn’t kept pace with the threat. I want to thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, Judge T
ED 
POEof Texas, for his work in intro-
ducing H.R. 237, the Foreign Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act, as a critical countermeasure. 
This bipartisan and commonsense 
bill grants the Secretary of State the authority to refuse or revoke a pass-port to any individual whom the Sec-retary determines has helped a des-ignated foreign terrorist organization in realizing its jihadist ambitions. 
Such authority is not currently 
spelled out in statute, but depends on interpretation of Federal regulations, and this legislation will write it into permanent law. 
Mr. Speaker, I would just note that 
the text before us today grants permis-sive authority to the Secretary and, thus, the discretion to avoid inter-fering with law enforcement or intel-ligence activities that might be com-promised if such a revocation were mandatory. 
While we, of course, expect that the 
Secretary of State will exercise this authority within the bounds of con-stitutional due process, the bill also re-quires a report to Congress whenever such authority is used to help ensure oversight and to provide transparency. 
Individuals who actively support des-
ignated terrorist organizations must be stopped from traveling abroad to learn how to kill Americans and our allies. Spelling this out clearly in permanent law will help prevent misguided indi-viduals from getting further radicalized abroad, which leads to ter-rorist attacks on the homeland. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) 
and his 10 bipartisan cosponsors for their work in bringing the bill forward, and this measure obviously deserves our support. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, July 20, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 237, the ‘‘FTO Passport Rev-ocation Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
As you know, H.R. 237 contains provisions 
that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with the Com-mittee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 237, the Committee on the Judiciary will not assert is jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judici-ary with respect to the appointment of con-ferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 237, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 237. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, July 20, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for 
consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 237, the FTO Passport Rev-ocation Act of 2015, and, on the basis of agreed edits in the suspension text of the bill, for agreeing to forgo a sequential refer-ral request so that it may proceed expedi-tiously to the Floor. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 237 
into our Committee Report and into the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation re-garding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on the Judiciary as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 237, as amended, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation author-
izes the Secretary of State to deny the issuance of or revoke the passport of an individual who is affiliated with or pro-viding assistance to a designated for-eign terrorist organization. 
I would like to thank the author of 
this legislation, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), for his leadership on 
this issue and for working with us in a bipartisan manner. 
Mr. Speaker, as Chairman R
OYCE said 
a few moments ago, this is a common-sense bill. It is a reasonable step our 
government can take to address the rise of the so-called Islamic State, or ISIS, while acting within our authority to deny or revoke passports for those who are affiliated with or are aiding, assisting, or abetting an organization that the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization. 
Whether you call them ISIS or ISIL 
or Daesh or their latest preferred term, the Islamic State, one thing is quite clear: this organization has captured large swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria with lethal efficiency. 
This brutal terrorist group has en-
gaged in mass executions, targeted re-ligious minorities, raped and enslaved women, destroyed priceless historical treasures, and effectively redrawn the borders of the Middle East. 
With its extensive propaganda ef-
forts, including the sophisticated use of social media, ISIS has recruited tens of thousands of foreign fighters—report-edly more than 1,000 a month—includ-ing a significant number from Europe as well as some, remarkably, from the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this flow of foreign 
fighters is a serious threat, especially with U.S. passport holders among them. The Foreign Affairs Committee has held hearings looking at the im-pact of ISIS and its use of foreign fighters. Our colleagues and constitu-ents alike are very concerned about what might happen when these fighters return home, radicalized by ISIS ide-ology and armed with the knowledge of battlefield tactics. 
H.R. 237, the FTO Passport Revoca-
tion Act, would address this problem by authorizing the Secretary of State to deny passports to known members or supporters of ISIS and other ter-rorist groups. It would allow the Sec-retary to revoke the passports of those who have already left the United States so they are unable to return and sow terror here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States has a 
strong national security interest in de-feating ISIS. I support the various lines of effort to counter the terrorist group, cracking down on ISIS’ fi-nances, countering their propaganda efforts, and stopping the flow of foreign fighters. To be clear, this legislation will not solve the problem of foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria, but it is a sensible and important step in the right direction. 
Many of our coalition partners, in-
cluding France, Britain, and Australia, have already taken steps to restrict or revoke passports for ISIS supporters. We must use all the tools at our dis-posal for protection of our homeland. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the chairman of the Foreign 
Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade and author of this important legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.023 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5314 July 21, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank Chairman R OYCE and 
Ranking Member E NGEL . Also, I want 
to thank the cosponsors of this legisla-tion—as mentioned earlier, it is an equal number of Republicans and Democrats—but especially B
RADSHER-
MAN and W ILLIAM KEATING on the mi-
nority side. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2015, the Director of 
National Intelligence, James Clapper, said that 180 Americans have tried to go fight in Syria, either for ISIS, Al Nusra, or some other Islamic extremist group. There may be more; we don’t know. 
Americans citizens fighting for ISIS 
in Syria and Iraq are real, dangerous threats to the United States. These in-dividuals are receiving training that makes them capable of sophisticated terrorist attacks, and they put them-selves under the command and control of leaders in foreign places and leaders who want to attack the United States. 
This is not unique to the United 
States. As the chairman has mentioned earlier, the West—European coun-tries—have this as a tremendous prob-lem where their citizens go and fight in Syria; they are trained, and they come back and cause havoc in these coun-tries in the West. 
It is not a hypothetical threat in the 
U.S., either. Moner Mohammad Abusalha was the first American to carry out a suicide bomb attack in Syria. Before he did so, he returned home to Florida as a fully trained ter-rorist. Our government had absolutely no idea. He was also a card-carrying member of al Qaeda, aligned to the Al Nusra front. Fortunately, he did not carry out an attack on the United States, but he could have. 
Last September, ISIS announced a 
shift in strategy. Instead of using Americans to win in Syria, it called upon Americans to attack the United States after being trained in Syria. In an audiotape, one of their leaders was heard saying: ‘‘Rig the roads with ex-plosives for them. Attack their bases. Raid their homes. Cut off their heads.’’ 
He is talking about Americans kill-
ing Americans who have been radicalized by ISIS. 
Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, a 23- 
year-old Somali American man from Columbus was indicted on charges of supporting terrorists. He was trained in Syria and told by a cleric to go back to the United States and carry out an attack. That is the first time we have caught someone who was specifically told to go back home and attack the United States. 
These traitors who have turned 
against America and joined the ranks of foreign radical terrorist armies should not be allowed to come back in to the United States, unless it is in handcuffs. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 237, the Foreign 
Terrorist Organization Passport Rev-ocation Act, is a critical bill at a crit-ical time. This bipartisan bill grants the Secretary of State the authority to revoke or deny U.S. passports of indi-
viduals who support designated foreign terrorist organizations. 
Mr. Speaker, the Supreme Court has 
ruled in Haig v. Agee that the Sec-retary of State has the authority to re-voke a passport when the national se-curity of the United States is threat-ened. We are not talking about citizen-ship; we are talking about revocation of a passport. This bill does not deal with the issue of citizenship. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, there is a due 
process available for those who wish to challenge the Secretary of State’s deci-sion. Under existing regulations, a per-son is entitled to a hearing within 60 days of receiving notice that that pass-port is being revoked. 
Foreign fighters are flowing into Iraq 
and Syria by the thousands. Some of them are Americans. We must stop these outlaws from coming back to the United States and committing crimes against us. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
ISIS is absolutely a barbaric regime 
that cannot be negotiated with and must be defeated. They literally want to return civilization back centuries and centuries. 
It is hard for me and I think it is 
hard for almost any American to imag-ine what could possibly be going through the mind of a U.S. citizen who would be attracted to go over there and make common cause with ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, as the son of an immi-
grant who knows the sacrifices his fa-ther and grandparents made to come to this country, the fact that someone would actually jeopardize the most val-uable thing they have, their American citizenship and their U.S. passport, to join ISIS is completely unfathomable. 
We absolutely have to give our Sec-
retary of State this authority. ISIS sadly presents a real threat both abroad and at home. This is a common-sense measure that we can take, and we must absolutely take it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I will just quote the Bureau of Coun-
terterrorism, Mr. Speaker. They say that the rate of foreign terrorist fight-er travel to Syria exceeded the rate of foreign terrorist fighters that travel to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Yemen, or Somalia at any point in the last 20 years. 
Individuals drawn to the conflict 
were diverse in their socioeconomic and geographic backgrounds, high-lighting the need for comprehensive countermessaging and early engage-ment to dissuade vulnerable individ-uals from traveling to join the conflict. 
The bill before us today, Mr. Speak-
er, H.R. 237, is a necessary addition to our national defense. It creates an im-portant deterrent, and it reduces the ability of terrorists to travel. I, again, thank the subcommittee 
chairman, Mr. P
OE, and the ranking 
member, Mr. K EATING of Massachu-
setts, and the bipartisan cosponsors of the bill before us today. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the 
measure, and I yield back balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 237, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 57 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3128, DEPART-
MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN from the 
Committee on Appropriations, sub-mitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–215) on the bill (H.R. 3128) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 1557, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2256, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
ANTIDISCRIMINATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.025 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5315 July 21, 2015 
bill (H.R. 1557) to amend the Notifica-
tion and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal anti-discrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 0, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 448] 
YEAS—403 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) 
Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen 
Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Bass 
Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Buchanan Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Conyers Cramer Engel Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Jackson Lee Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lawrence Lipinski Marchant Meeks Palazzo Price, Tom 
Richmond Rohrabacher Schrader Sherman Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stutzman Thompson (MS) Wilson (FL) 
b1856 
Messrs. DUNCAN of South Carolina 
and HUDSON changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR SERV-
ICEMEMBERS KILLED IN CHAT-TANOOGA, TENNESSEE 
(Mr. FLEISCHMANN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, 
last Thursday was a very difficult day in my beautiful hometown of Chat-tanooga, Tennessee. It was a day of horror; it was a day of terror, and it was a day like no other I have lived in my life. 
Today, I am joined in this great 
House by my colleagues from the Ten-nessee delegation. Chattanooga is my hometown. A lone gunman—a terrorist, an evil man—killed five wonderful United States servicemembers, four marines and one sailor. At two loca-tions in Chattanooga, he opened fire. There was devastation; there was death, and there was horror, and I am so deeply saddened. 
Before I ask Members for a moment 
of silence, I am going to ask this great House—the people’s House—for some-thing special because, through all the carnage in the face of evil, I saw Chattanoogans come together with good. In the face of despair, I saw Chattanoogans come together with hope. 
I saw something in my darkest hour; 
I saw the greatness in America. Catho-lics, Protestants, Jews, Whites, Blacks, and Latinos came together. We prayed together. We hoped for better days to-gether. We honored the men and women who serve us in all of our branches together. I feel for our great marines. I feel for our Navy in these difficult times. 
Let me tell you this: the Chat-
tanooga Police Department selflessly showed up and fought this terrorist and killed him. Hamilton County police were there. While a brave sailor tried to cling to life, I saw throngs of doctors and nurses at Erlanger hospital giving their best skills to try to save this man. Sadly, they were unsuccessful. 
This is a day I never want to see 
again. I ask you that we resolve to keep all American servicemen and -women safe here on American soil. We must do that. We owe that to those five wonderful lives that we lost, all pre-cious. 
I am going to ask for all of us to be 
Chattanooga strong. I am going to ask all of us to please come together as Americans. 
I will read the name of those five out-
standing folks: United States Marine Gunnery Sergeant Thomas J. Sullivan; United States Marine Staff Sergeant David Allen Wyatt; United States Ma-rine Sergeant Carson Allen Louis Holmquist; United States Marine Lance Corporal Squire Kimpton Paul Wells; and United States Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of 
silence in honor of these great Ameri-cans. 
The SPEAKER. The House will ob-
serve a moment of silence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.028 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5316 July 21, 2015 
VETERANS INFORMATION 
MODERNIZATION ACT 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- 
minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2256) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit an annual re-port on the Veterans Health Adminis-tration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 408, nays 0, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 449] 
YEAS—408 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Buchanan Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Conyers Engel Gosar Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lawrence Lipinski Lowey Marchant Price, Tom 
Richmond Rohrabacher Schrader Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Vargas 
b1910 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration, to provide for the identification and tracking of biologi-cal implants used in Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
able to vote, due to the necessity of my at-tending to representational duties and partici-pation in Michigan. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on: H.R. 2256—The Veterans Information Modernization Act and H.R. 1557—The Federal Employee Anti-discrimination Act of 2015. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on July 21, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 448 and 449. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1599, SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD LABELING ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 1734, IMPROVING COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–216) on the resolution (H. Res. 369) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengi-neered organism, the labeling of nat-ural foods, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1734) to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish re-quirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residu-als that are protective of human health and the environment, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3107 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that my name be re-moved as a cosponsor of H.R. 3107. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentlewoman from Ala-bama? 
There was no objection. 
f 
EDEN PRAIRIE RELAY FOR LIFE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.030 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5317 July 21, 2015 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about an event this weekend in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, that will raise critical funds for cancer research. 
The Relay for Life brings together in-
dividuals from all walks of life that have been affected by cancer as they team up to find a cure. This year’s event, which combines previous relays that have taken place in Bloomington, Eden Prairie, Richfield, Hopkins, and Minnetonka, is aiming to raise over $90,000 for cancer research. 
Mr. Speaker, every year 14 million 
people learn the devastating news that they have cancer, and the Relay for Life helps provide important funding that helps develop the cures and treat-ments that will also help millions of people. 
A big thank you to the organizers of 
this event. Helping find a cure for can-cer will not happen without the dedi-cated effort and events like the Relay for Life. 
f 
b1915 
SUPPORTING PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I am here this evening to cor-rect the record on women’s health. As the only woman in a tristate delega-tion that includes New Jersey, Penn-sylvania, and Delaware, I speak for millions of women whose right to abor-tion was codified by the Supreme Court decades ago. 
I also speak for the millions more 
women who don’t come from States like New Jersey where clinics that pro-vide a full range of women’s health services are accessible, States like Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi where legislatures full of men would love to see those clinics closed for good. 
Last week another antiabortion 
group, under the guise of legitimate news, released a doctored video to at-tack Planned Parenthood. This attack isn’t about the trumped-up claims in the video. 
It is about the same tired efforts to 
make it harder for women from every walk of life and every corner of the country to make the health choices that work for them. 
It is sad that my colleagues on the 
other side of the aisle are so quick to hop on that bandwagon. 
Enough, Mr. Speaker. This is enough 
already. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. D ESANTIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I hope 
that every Member of this body reads the joint comprehensive plan of action that the Obama administration has 
agreed to with Iran. Because, if they do, I think you will see overwhelming majority vote to repudiate it. 
You have heard about some of the 
massive influx of cash for Iran. You have heard about their ability to keep their nuclear infrastructure, all these hugely problematic provisions. 
Interestingly, we talk about if Iran 
violates the deal, we can snap back economic sanctions. In fact, Iran can snap back in a nuclear direction. 
Here is what the agreement says: 
Iran has stated that, if sanctions are reinstated, in whole or in part, Iran will treat that as grounds to cease per-forming its commitment under this JCPOA, in whole or in part. 
That means, if Iran cheats and we go 
to penalize them, Iran is reserving the right to simply go back to producing nuclear weapons. 
We have been told that no deal is bet-
ter than a bad deal. Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. 
f 
FORMER CONGRESSMAN LOUIS 
STOKES 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, tonight I 
rise, as dean of the Ohio delegation, to bring to my colleagues’ attention and those who are listening that one of our great Members of Congress from Ohio, Congressman Lou Stokes, who served so ably, with such dignity, with such acumen, and with such heart has been diagnosed with a very serious type of cancer. His days with us are numbered. 
I know that many Members hold 
memories of Lou, and there will be many tributes paid to Congressman Louis Stokes of Ohio. Without ques-tion, his service was legendary, along with his brother, who became the first African American mayor in our coun-try, the city of Cleveland. 
If we look coast to coast, the people 
of Ohio are walking in prayer with the Stokes family now. If Congressman Stokes is listening, I hope he knows that the love of this House, the place to which he dedicated the best years of his life, are with him. 
Thank you, Congressman Louis 
Stokes of Ohio, for what you have done for America, for the people of Ohio, and for the people of Cleveland. History will record the greatness of your serv-ice to others. We love you. We pray with you. We walk with you. 
f 
REMEMBERING MIKE ‘‘TUNA’’ 
MCELROY 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise tonight with deep sad-ness at the loss of my friend, Mike McElroy, the mayor of Decatur, Illi-nois, just last week. Mike was not just my friend. He was 
a friend to so many, and he led the City of Decatur through some very difficult times to where Decatur, my former hometown, as a student at Millikin University, has been able to see the progress that many envisioned 26 years ago when Mike and his wife, Lynn, made Decatur their hometown. 
Mike is going to be remembered not 
only as a friend of mine, but a friend to the entire community, be it the YMCA that he served on the board of direc-tors, St. Teresa school that he was so active in, or the many other commu-nity efforts that he was a part of. 
‘‘Tuna,’’ as he was known, is going to 
be missed by all, but especially missed by me. Mike was an early supporter of mine and a friend when I didn’t have as many friends in that town as I started my journey that ended right here on this House floor when I was sworn in a few short years ago. 
Tuna, you left this Earth way too 
early. My heartfelt condolences go out to the entire Decatur community, who will miss you, and, most importantly, to your wife, Lynn, and your son, Matt. Rest in peace, my friend. 
f 
DODD-FRANK ACT 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the fifth anniver-sary of the enactment of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act. 
Mr. Speaker, the financial crisis of 
2007 was not an accident and not an un-avoidable by-product of free markets. It was a mistake, a mistake driven by ideologically driven deregulation. 
Countries which maintained ade-
quate capital requirements did not suf-fer a financial crisis. Countries which maintained an adequately regulated primary and secondary mortgage mar-ket did not suffer through a housing bubble. 
In response to the crisis, taxpayers 
stepped in and saved the global finan-cial system by stabilizing the market-place and staving off a second Great 
Depression through economic stimulus. 
To ensure that taxpayers would not 
be on the hook for the irresponsible ac-tions by some on Wall Street, the Dodd-Frank Act required that financial institutions hold adequate capital against the risks they take and take responsibility for the risks that they sell into the market. The Dodd-Frank Act has unquestionably made our mar-kets safer and more stable. 
f 
PIONEER DAY 
(Mr. STEWART asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to join my home State of Utah in celebrating Pioneer Day. In a world that seems to be filled with strife and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.032 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5318 July 21, 2015 
confusion, I am proud to take a mo-
ment to celebrate something positive. 
On July 24, 1847, Brigham Young led 
a determined group of pioneers, wag-
ons, and handcarts into the Salt Lake Valley where he uttered those now fa-mous words, ‘‘This is the place.’’ 
Over 40,000 pioneers traveled west to 
Utah. In doing so, they suffered incred-ibly, hunger, cold, disease, exhaustion, the death of loved ones. My own ances-tors were among the many who did suf-fer. 
Once they arrived in the Salt Lake 
Valley, they worked tirelessly to take the desert and to make it bloom into the thriving communities we have today. My, how things have changed. 
Utah is considered the best managed 
State. They are considered some of the finest and highest quality-of-life com-munities. They are one of the best States to do business. We have the greatest snow on Earth, and our Na-tional Parks are truly magnificent. 
We celebrate Pioneer Day to honor 
those who demonstrate their courage during their journey west and for all those who continue to enrich our great State of Utah. 
f 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2010, the southern seg-ment of the Keystone pipeline system began operating, carrying crude oil from Oklahoma to Illinois and Texas. According to multiple news outlets, this existing southern segment of the Keystone system just pumped its one billionth barrel of oil. 
The Federal approval process only 
took 2 years to complete, and there have been no incidents as a result of this infrastructure. Yet, here we are 5 years later and the Keystone XL pipe-line, which would connect Canada and the United States, still remains unap-proved after 7 long years of repetitive reviews. 
Approval of the Keystone XL pipeline 
will provide American families with new job opportunities and a reliable source of North American energy in the safest, most efficient way possible. 
As a member of the Natural Re-
sources Committee, I rise today to once again urge the President to ap-prove the Keystone XL. 
This southern portion of the Key-
stone pipeline has proven to be a safe and effective way to transport oil, and the northern segment into Canada will provide the same benefits. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS ZACH 
JOHNSON 
(Mr. BLUM asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Zach Johnson, a native of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and the First 
District I represent, on his win in yes-terday’s British Open, held at St. An-drews in Scotland, the birthplace of golf. 
Zach is well known in Iowa for his in-
credible work ethic and perseverance. Zach was not the best player on his Cedar Rapids Regis High School golf team, and he wasn’t the number one golfer on the Drake University golf team. 
Few gave him a chance of someday 
being a professional golfer, but he re-fused to give up on his dream of mak-ing the PGA tour, and his hard work over the years has definitely paid off. 
Zach has 12 PGA wins, including the 
2007 Masters and now the British Open, and has represented the United States in the Ryder Cup four times. 
Zach has lived the American Dream 
through hard work and perseverance. Yet, he describes himself as ‘‘just a guy from Iowa who has been given some talent.’’ Zach’s humility, as well as his talent and work ethic, are examples to all of us. 
Today we tip our hat to Zach John-
son and his entire family. The entire First District of Iowa is incredibly proud of his success. 
f 
HONORING GRANITE STATE HERO 
JEREMY GRACZYK 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of New Hampshire’s own Major Jeremy Graczyk, a decorated Marine, combat veteran, and American hero. 
A native of Atkinson, New Hamp-
shire, Major Graczyk graduated as val-edictorian from Timberlane Regional High School, attended college at the U.S. Naval Academy, and went on to be commissioned in the United States Ma-rine Corps, where he served as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom and was de-ployed over seven times to Afghanistan and Africa. 
Due to his bravery and dedication to 
our Nation, he has been awarded over 20 decorations. To say Major Graczyk embodied the meaning of our State’s motto ‘‘Live free or die’’ is an under-statement. 
As we honor the anniversary of his 
death, we continue to remember and celebrate his life. It is because of sol-diers like him that our Nation remains the land of the free and the home of the brave. And for that, we are forever grateful. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF L AVERNE GRELL 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, I 
rise tonight to note the passing of a true gem, a jewel to northern Cali-fornia, LaVerne Grell of Yuba City. Now, my family has the unique expe-
rience of having my grandmother, Mar-jorie, and LaVerne born on the same day in the very same small town amidst the rice fields of northern Cali-fornia. 
My grandmother, Marjorie, and La-
Verne spent many years together cele-brating birthdays, music, life, and friends. We were blessed with my grandmother for 77 years. But La-Verne, in northern California, we were blessed with for 100 years. 
So LaVerne’s loss indeed makes a big 
ripple. She made a big ripple in her life with all the people she touched and her love of music. 
Indeed, she was a talented musician 
and freely gave her time and her talent for decades through teaching music at Yuba College, participating in Handel’s Messiah for almost 75 years and play-ing the organ at Marysville’s First Presbyterian Church for 20 years. 
Indeed, when we lose somebody, we 
have what we call a celebration of life. Her celebration of life was last Novem-ber when she reached her 100th birth-day, and she had the best party I have ever seen with an orchestra, cellos, and everything. She got on the keyboard herself and showed us what 100 years of life and vigor in northern California looks like. 
We will miss her, but we will always 
smile when we think of LaVerne Grell. 
f 
b1930 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
PRACTICES 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Madam Speaker, like 
my colleagues, I was deeply disturbed by the video that surfaced last week and the allegations regarding Planned Parenthood’s selling the body parts of unborn children. Just today, another video was released showing a senior Planned Parenthood official make flip-pant comments about receiving money for the organs of aborted babies. 
The practices brought to light in 
these videos and reports are shocking and sickening. When such reports come forward, it is our moral responsibility to act. We must take action on behalf of the most vulnerable and precious lives among us. 
Madam Speaker, I commend the 
House Energy and Commerce and House Judiciary Committees that have begun efforts to investigate these hei-nous practices, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to ensure we get to the bottom of these allega-tions. 
Planned Parenthood and all those in-
volved must be held accountable. I stand with all who are dedicated to fight to protect innocent life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.034 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5319 July 21, 2015 
CONDEMNING PLANNED PARENT-
HOOD TRAFFICKING SCANDAL 
(Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speak-
er, in just a few moments, we will hear from a number of colleagues who are all here gathered in great sadness and with heavy hearts to denounce, once again, another revelation of another gruesome practice by the organiza-tion—the taxpayer-funded organiza-tion—called Planned Parenthood. 
Madam Speaker, it is important to 
note that Planned Parenthood was founded in racism. It profits from the pain of abortion, and now it traffics in baby parts. 
How much more do we have to know 
to awaken us, awaken our conscience as a nation, to the gruesome realities again of this taxpayer-funded organiza-tion? 
So I am pleased that my colleagues 
have gathered tonight to talk more in depth about this, but also to highlight the fact that we are all interested in ongoing congressional investigations to determine what efforts, what laws, or what new steps need to be taken to ban the unethical and dehumanizing practice undertaken by Planned Par-enthood. 
We must challenge this assault on 
human dignity, especially to protect the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety. I find it very interesting, Madam Speaker, that the early feminist move-ment was dedicated to protecting women from abortion. 
f 
ALL LIVES MATTER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ALLEN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, for 30 
years, Planned Parenthood has worked to dehumanize the babies that they have aborted, claiming that these little babies were just clumps of cells, just clumps of tissue; but through the re-cent videos that have come out, they have, in essence, admitted what we have known all along—that these are actually little humans. These are little babies, and their organs are being har-vested for profit: little baby heads and little baby livers, little baby hearts and little baby lungs—little baby lungs that will never have an opportunity to cry, little baby lungs that will never be 
used to learn how to speak, and little baby lungs that will never learn to sing because they have been killed in the womb. 
These are little babies that are so 
well developed that they can survive outside the womb. These little babies feel pain in the abortion. These are lit-tle ones who, again, don’t have lobby-ists in this town that work for them. They are voiceless, they are defense-less, and so often they are powerless. 
But this House is coming together to-
night in extraordinary form to make sure that these little ones are not for-gotten, because we are standing up for them to make sure that their lives matter because in America we believe that all lives matter, whether you are born or unborn. So I am proud to be part of this Special Order tonight. I am proud that we have so many Members who want to come down and speak on this important topic. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), who has 
been such a leader in the pro-life move-ment. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Thank 
you, Mr. D
UFFY . Thank you for yield-
ing to me and for your leadership on this extremely important human rights issue. 
Mr. Speaker, in 2011, an undercover 
videotape sting operation by Live Ac-tion exposed several Planned Parent-hood affiliates who are eager, ready, and willing to facilitate secret abor-tions for child sex trafficking victims— some as young or younger than 14—to get them on the streets again. 
As the prime author of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, the landmark law that seeks to protect victims, mostly women and children, I found the on-the-record willingness of Planned Parenthood personnel to ex-ploit young girls and partner with sex traffickers to be absolutely appalling. Watch the video yourself on liveaction.org. 
In 2012, Live Action released another 
sting operation video, part of a series called ‘‘Gendercide: Sex Selection in America,’’ showing Planned Parent-hood staff advising undercover female investigators how to procure sex selec-tion abortions. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood tells the investi-gator to wait until the baby is 5 months along to get an ultrasound that will reveal the sex of the child, then, if it is a girl, kill it. 
Planned Parenthood is okay with ter-
minating the girl child in its huge net-work of clinics simply because she is a girl. What a dangerous place for little girls. 
Now we have learned that Planned 
Parenthood is trafficking in baby body parts and intact organs like livers and hearts, charging up to $100 or more per body part. Not only has Planned Par-enthood killed over 7 million innocent babies in their chain of abortion mills, about 330,000 children per year, but now shocking new undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress show high- 
ranking Planned Parenthood officials explaining how they market and profit from the sale of the organs of their vic-tims and how doctors maneuver deadly abortion tools to ensure—they call them graspers—intact organs. 
In one clip, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, 
senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s medical serv-ices and a late-term abortionist her-self, explained: 
We have been very good at getting heart, 
lung, liver, because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all intact. 
Dr. Nucatola says on camera: 
I would say a lot of people want liver; and 
for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps. 
In other words, crush the baby to 
death, but do it in a way that preserves certain organs and body parts for sale. 
Dr. Nucatola even suggests and is 
caught on tape talking about creating a menu. 
Today, another new devastating 
video by the same organization shows a Planned Parenthood Federation top doctor, Dr. Mary Gatter, offering to use a ‘‘less crunchy technique’’ to get more intact organs and baby body parts. 
Less crunchy? Like Dr. Nucatola, Dr. 
Gatter is nonchalantly talking about crunching—that is, crushing—babies to death in ways that are more likely to preserve body parts and intact organs. This is unconscionable, it is inhumane, and it must stop. I am glad that the House Republican leadership has called for full investigations into this dehu-manizing practice. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ), the chairman of the Finan-
cial Services Committee. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for his leadership tonight especially, of all times. 
Mr. Speaker, it is our highest ideal as 
Americans that every human life is en-dowed with dignity and has value. As Americans, we have a shared responsi-bility to protect the innocent and de-fend the rights of those who are unable to defend themselves. But rather than protecting and defending this dignity, Planned Parenthood is seemingly at-tempting to cash in on it. 
Recently, shocking and appalling vid-
eos have come to light exposing senior employees at Planned Parenthood cas-ually discussing both the harvesting and selling of organs of aborted chil-dren. These videos portray a chilling transactional approach to ending human life. 
Mr. Speaker, as a matter of morality, 
history, science, reason, and, most im-portantly, my personal faith, I can come to no other conclusion but that every human life begins at conception and every human life is worthy of pro-tection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.036 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5320 July 21, 2015 
Psalm 139:13 says: 
For You created my inmost being; You 
knit me together in my mother’s womb. 
What God has knit together, appar-
ently Planned Parenthood wishes to crush. But that is not my word, Mr. Speaker; that is their word. You have heard it spoken on this House floor as Senior Director of Medical Services at Planned Parenthood said: 
We have been very good at getting heart, 
lung, liver, because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part. 
I am not sure I have ever repeated 
such vile and cruel words on this House floor before, Mr. Speaker; and whether one considers themselves pro-life or pro-choice, I would hope that every American believes that harvesting and trafficking baby organs violates the sanctity to which every child created in the very image of God is entitled to. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I add my voice 
thanking our leadership of this Con-gress for calling on investigations of these horrific acts, and I call on the Obama administration to denounce them and find a way to stop these grue-some practices. 
Almost every day, Mr. Speaker, we 
hear somebody utter words on the House floor, ‘‘We must do something for the least of these.’’ Truly unborn life is the least of these. So let’s start 
tonight and hold life precious. 
Mr. DUFFY. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
many of us have seen it, a recently sur-faced, horrifying video that provides evidence that Planned Parenthood em-ployees participate in the harvesting of fetal body parts. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in absolute 
disgust. Not only is Planned Parent-hood profiting from abortions, but this video shows a top Planned Parenthood executive discussing how best to pro-cure and sell specific organs from these defenseless, aborted babies’ bodies. 
As a father and a grandfather, I find 
these acts unconscionable and bar-baric. We have a moral responsibility to ensure that these acts are fully in-vestigated and that Planned Parent-hood is held accountable for their ac-tions. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-
man F
RED UPTON of the Energy and 
Commerce Committee and Chairman 
BOBGOODLATTE of the Judiciary Com-
mittee for taking immediate action and announcing their respective inves-tigations into this horrific practice. 
Mr. Speaker, I cannot fathom why 
taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars are pro-vided to organizations that actively allow such gruesome practices to occur. 
In 2013, abortions made up 94 percent 
of Planned Parenthood’s so-called preg-nancy services—94 percent. Prenatal care and adoptive referrals accounted for only 5 percent and half, or 0.5 per-cent, respectively. Yet taxpayer fund-ing accounts for 41 percent of Planned Parenthood’s overall revenue. We must act now to prevent even a 
single dime from going to organiza-tions such as Planned Parenthood that flaunt such blatant disregard for human life, and we need colleagues on both sides of the aisle to step up and join us in this effort. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
to one of the leaders on this issue, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER). 
b1945 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman, my friend, Congress-man D
UFFY , for leading this effort and 
leading this Special Order today. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express 
my continued outrage at, now, two ab-horrent videos that have been released in the last week in which two Planned Parenthood senior doctors describe the process by which they and their co-workers kill unborn children and har-vest their organs for sale. 
Like many Americans, I was shocked 
not only by what I learned about Planned Parenthood’s standard prac-tices, but by the cold, callous indiffer-ence in which its medical leadership detailed the barbaric murder of soci-ety’s most vulnerable children. 
In the United States, we provide pro-
tections for the least among us in nu-merous ways from medical research, to welfare programs, to healthcare assist-ance; yet here, we stand on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives to discuss whether the sale of human body parts harvested from 
aborted children violates basic human dignity and perhaps even the law. 
Mr. Speaker, the question that 
strikes me today is not whether this practice is immoral or illegal—for surely no Member of Congress or of hu-manity can, in good conscience, claim that we support these heinous activi-ties—instead, I am left considering what could we have done or perhaps what should we have done to protect women and innocent children from this outrageous practice. I am left to think what kind of Nation allows these hei-nous acts to continue. 
We are the United States of America, 
a country founded on the belief that each individual holds dignity and worth in the eyes of our creator. If Planned Parenthood is discovered to have been altering abortion procedures so as to sell human baby hearts, livers, lungs, brains, and other organs, then they have violated their own guidelines as well as Federal laws from partial- birth abortion to the sale of human or-gans. It will be up to Congress to inter-vene on behalf of the thousands of un-born children. 
Mr. Speaker, it is clear to me that 
there is a prevailing attitude inside Planned Parenthood that is so dis-gusting, so horrifying, and so dis-turbing that it warrants a congres-sional investigation and action. 
I thank House leadership and our 
chairman for opening up this investiga-tion and for following our request into this unconscionable activity now. I want to thank the Members of the 
Missouri State legislature, my own home State of Missouri, who have com-mitted to investigating Planned Par-enthood in the State of Missouri, as-suring Missourians that our laws pro-hibit these unthinkable acts, and hold Planned Parenthood accountable for any wrongdoing. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a duty as elect-
ed Representatives to the United States to stand up for the most vulner-able among us, to lend a voice to the voiceless, and stand up for injustice. I will continue to fight for the day when abortions and the atrocities associated with it are not only illegal, but un-thinkable. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentlewoman’s powerful com-ments. She is right, we do need an in-vestigation: Federal, State, FBI, and DOJ. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, Planned Parenthood 
has blood on its hands. Over the last week, we have seen multiple videos showing its employees brazenly dis-cussing the harvesting of aborted ba-bies’ tissues and organs, but the truth is Planned Parenthood’s culture of de-pravity runs much deeper than these couple of videos. 
In my home State of Tennessee, 
Planned Parenthood, the supposed champion of safe abortions, sued to overturn our State’s informed consent and mandatory licensing laws, meas-ures that were put in place to protect women’s health and safety. 
When I authored an amendment to 
our State constitution allowing legisla-tors to reinstate these protections, Planned Parenthood ran an ill-fated smear campaign attempting to confuse the facts and turn Tennesseans against the measure. 
You see, Planned Parenthood doesn’t 
empower women; it deceives them at their most difficult and vulnerable mo-ments. It values convenience over truth and profit over life. As a nurse, I have seen the big abortion industry’s shameful tactics with my own eyes. That is why, for 2 years now, I have 
sponsored the Title X Abortion Pro-vider Prohibition Act to address one of Planned Parenthood’s largest govern-ment revenue streams. I continue to urge passage of this legislation, but in light of these videos, we must take the fight a step further. 
For these reasons, I have just intro-
duced the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, legislation that would enact an immediate moratorium on all Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood while Congress carries out a full investigation. 
I eagerly await the findings of this 
forthcoming investigation, but do you know what, Mr. Speaker, no matter what it reveals, here is the truth: Planned Parenthood has made a busi-ness out of destroying that which God 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.037 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5321 July 21, 2015 
has created. It performs over 327,000 
abortions a year, all while receiving roughly $500 million in annual funding from the taxpayer dollar. 
The one-sided relationship between 
Planned Parenthood’s ever-growing bank account and American taxpayers must be severed. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentlewoman’s comments and leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), one of our House leadership 
team Members. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague from Wisconsin for yielding time and leading this Special Order. 
I rise today to join my colleagues in 
bringing attention to allegations of se-rious misconduct by the country’s larg-est abortion provider, Planned Parent-hood. 
There are no words to properly con-
vey my grief and deep disgust at the cavalier way in which Dr. Deborah Nucatola details how she strategically crushes the tiny bodies of innocent, un-born children in order to harvest and sell their organs. 
Perhaps most disturbing is what Dr. 
Nucatola doesn’t say. While she arbi-trarily assigns monetary values to the hearts, lungs, and livers of these chil-dren, she recognizes no value in the lives of those being aborted. 
Mr. Speaker, I recently received a 
letter from a nurse who has assisted with abortions and witnessed firsthand the horrific nature of what that proce-dure entails. She told me that most women have no idea that they are sub-jecting their unborn children to such ghastly methods. 
Many of our colleagues in this House 
find it uncomfortable to talk about the issue of abortion, and I agree that it is difficult to consider and discuss these horrific practices, but the heinous na-ture of the methods used by Planned Parenthood is precisely why we, as a Nation and as a Congress, must con-front it. 
These revelations merit a serious 
look at the practices of Planned Par-enthood, and I support fully the robust oversight and investigations being pur-sued by the House Judiciary and En-ergy and Commerce Committees. It is my hope that their investigations will shed much-needed light on the organi-
zation’s gruesome methods and will lead to important reforms that end these practices and stop the flow of taxpayer resources that support them. 
Few things demean the sanctity of 
human life more than elective abor-tion. One day, I hope that a culture of life will take hold in the United States and that all children will be protected under the law. However, until that day comes, it remains my solemn duty to stand up for life. Regardless of the length of this journey, I will continue to speak for those who cannot. 
Mr. DUFFY. We appreciate your 
voice being lent to the unborn. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Washington (Ms. H
ER-
RERA BEUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
It is with a very heavy heart that I 
take to the floor today to speak out against what really I think anybody who saw it or witnessed the video or read the transcripts felt, which is out-rage. For those of you who were able to stomach watching these videos, you were left with many shocking ques-tions about an organization that ap-pears to callously commodify human baby body parts. 
The first video showed a senior 
Planned Parenthood official describing how to place medical forceps on a baby during an abortion in order to best har-vest specific organs. She bartered over prices for these little human parts. She did it over a casual lunch. 
Sadly, there are voices that defend 
Planned Parenthood and its practices. They minimize this as an isolated inno-cent by one individual and sought to move on as quickly as possible; but then came, today, a second video, and we can only guess that there are more to come. 
The likelihood that these are two iso-
lated incidents with two individuals that don’t represent Planned Parent-hood’s values, but approach the busi-ness of selling body parts seemingly without feeling in the exact same way, I am not buying it. 
I believe this body has a duty to in-
vestigate, regardless of where you stand on pro-life or pro-choice. Given the history of Federal funding to Planned Parenthood, we have to ask these questions: Is Planned Parenthood profiting from the sale of human baby body parts? Are the clinics’ patients being asked if they are willing to do-nate? Do they know that the doctor who is performing their abortion could be profiting? Do they know whether or not this increases pain for their unborn baby during an abortion? Are these fa-cilities abiding by State laws with re-gard to late-term and partial-birth abortions? 
Gosh, I ask this because it sure seems 
like they want babies in the later sec-ond and third trimesters because any-body who has been a mom or has fol-lowed this journey knows that that is when organ development really strengthens and grows. 
If you are just trying to profit, you 
want the organ that is best going to function, whether it is for research or whatever. I think we need to find out what they are even using this for. I want to know who is buying these baby parts. That is the other piece that this body needs to investigate and find out. 
Planned Parenthood has always pur-
ported to provide a necessary service for women’s health; but I ask: Is this even safe? How long does this prolong a procedure? Is it really the motivation for their practices? Not if you follow the money—one of the doctors who was describing this, basically a harvesting doctor, joked she wants a Lamborghini. 
Like a lot of things, following the 
money does lead to answers, and this body is going to find out. Clearly, 
Planned Parenthood doctors are receiv-ing and filling requests for hearts, lungs, lower extremities, and livers, a request that is unfortunately and ap-parently common. 
I have never taken to the floor of this 
House to express outrage over this issue, but today, I do, and it is time for answers. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I think 
America, with these videos, feels that very same outrage. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
colleague and I thank all of our col-leagues that are here to talk on this extraordinary issue that has stunned us all. 
Last week, in the wake of the first 
video, Planned Parenthood responded by forcefully and categorically denying that the organization sells body parts of aborted babies for profit. The tone of Dr. Deborah Nucatola describing the way in which babies’ organs are har-vested and sold was unfortunate, they said, but there is nothing to see here. 
Well, just this afternoon, as I was sit-
ting on the plane to come back to Washington, I watched the second video that has been released, showing a different senior official at Planned Par-enthood discussing the same thing. 
Dr. Mary Gatter, president of 
Planned Parenthood’s Federation of Medical Directors’ Council is shown ne-gotiating prices for the tissue and even joking about her poor negotiation abilities, but that she wanted to settle on the prices soon because she wants a Lamborghini. 
Once again, the candid words of top 
Planned Parenthood officials believe the public spin on their PR teams— they felt like this was necessary to get what they wanted in order to make a profit. What we haven’t heard from Planned Parenthood is a response to perhaps the biggest revelation, that its providers alter abortion procedures in order to gain access, as my colleagues have already discussed in great detail. 
What I found really stunning about 
Dr. Mary Gatter’s comments that she made today is she discusses delib-erately breaking the rules in order to obtain intact organs. She considers out loud on this video how to alter the abortion process to get intact baby or-gans. She said, We need a less crunchy option—this is sick to hear those words come from my mouth, that we need a less crunchy option when we are talk-ing about a baby; this violates their rules—she says, as long as we do it in a way that doesn’t cause more pain. 
These doctors sure sound like they 
know that there is a competitive black market at play and are willing to en-gage in illegal activity to tap into it. This is sickening, and it will not go unaddressed. 
b2000 
I said last week to my colleague—and 
I will say it again—that I do not care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.039 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5322 July 21, 2015 
how much weight Planned Parenthood 
throws around this town. They are not above the law. 
If Planned Parenthood really has 
nothing to hide, then these officials will have no problem with a complete investigation. It is our responsibility to protect those who cannot defend themselves and to stop illegal activity when we see it. 
That certainly seems to be what is 
happening here, and I thank all of my colleagues for standing up for the un-
born. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is a good 
point to make that there should be a set cost for these body parts. There should be costs of storing and trans-porting, but there should be no extra cost, and there should be no negotia-tion. 
Yet, if there is a black market and if 
markets are demanding certain prices because they are making a profit off of it, you are going to maybe have $30 for one and $100 for another based on the black market. 
I yield to the gentleman from North 
Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Representa-
tive D UFFY for his leadership on this 
matter. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight I join my col-
leagues in speaking out against the barbaric and heinous actions we all witnessed in an undercover video in which Planned Parenthood was caught selling the body parts of aborted chil-dren. 
In 2013, Planned Parenthood per-
formed 327,653 abortions and received over a half billion dollars—$500 mil-lion—in taxpayer funding. 
Ironically, it was in 2013 that Presi-
dent Obama became the only sitting President to ever address this organiza-tion. May I remind you that it was at this address that the President made the decision to invoke God’s blessings on these hideous activities. 
The mask is now coming off an orga-
nization that barters the very parts of a baby in a manner that most Ameri-cans find appalling. 
So many of us here are parents. We 
have watched in awe at the ultrasound images of our children. We have seen their little hearts beat and have mar-veled at God’s creation in how fearfully and wonderfully they are made. 
How can we stand idly and not speak 
out for these lives, the very least of these? That is why I have taken imme-diate action by joining in a letter with several of my colleagues, speaking out against Planned Parenthood’s evil and depraved actions, and fully support a congressional investigation into this organization. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of Congresswoman B
LACK ’s bill, the 
Title X Abortion Provider Act. We must stop now these organizations from receiving a single taxpayer dollar through the Title X program. 
I urge the Senate to act quickly to 
pass the House’s legislation that en-sures no taxpayer dollars are used for 
abortions, H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion In-surance Full Disclosure Act of 2015. 
May God give us continued courage 
to seek justice, to love mercy, and to speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), one of the most powerful 
voices in the House, specifically on the life issue. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank the gen-
tleman. And I thank the gentleman for his leadership in organizing this hour. 
Mr. Speaker, we come to the floor to-
night as mothers and grandmothers and dads and granddads, and we come with such heavy hearts and with such a burden for what we have found out, for what we have seen, and for what has been made public about Planned Par-enthood. 
I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, that I 
thought it was very interesting that the head of Planned Parenthood came out this week and said, ‘‘Oh, we think there are more videos to come.’’ 
That is because they know they have 
been caught, and they know they are guilty, and they know what they have done; but no amount of trying to go out and push it to the side is going to push this to the side. 
That is why our committee, the 
House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, is taking up an investigation. We are already working on this. 
We are pushing forward to get the 
witnesses before us and to exercise the appropriate oversight that is there for us to do. 
Planned Parenthood does get Federal 
taxpayer dollars. The problem is money is fungible. And when you see what has been carried out in these vid-eos—in their own words what they de-scribe—you know how destructive that process is. 
As Mr. W
ALKER just said, Planned 
Parenthood conducts over 300,000 abor-tions a year. They are the Nation’s largest abortion provider. Their focus is no longer family planning or wom-en’s health. It is abortion. 
What we have found out is that, 
through this sector of their business that is focused on abortion, they have now moved even further away, and they are into selling body parts—har-vesting and selling body parts. 
We have heard the Members speak so 
eloquently to this, and I know, Mr. Speaker, people can hear the emotion in our voices and in our hearts, because this is a subject you don’t think about discussing on the House floor, but it is one that has been left for us to oversee. 
They talk about procuring these 
body parts. In their own words, they talk about setting the price, negoti-ating, dealing with the tissue brokers. These are the most abhorrent and in-humane statements and words and con-duct. 
The conduct and the demeanor of 
these individuals on those videotapes cannot be denied and the casual nature 
with which they discussed this, as if it is routine. It is an expected part of their business. That is why we are moving forward to investigate them. That is why we feel funding should be restricted. 
Over 65 percent of the American peo-
ple, Mr. Speaker, are against the use of taxpayer funds for abortion, and it is time for us to deal with, to hold ac-countable, to restrict, and to put some barriers around what has been hap-pening with Planned Parenthood. It is an investigation we will pursue until we know the truth and have every ele-ment of truth. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s wonderful comments. 
When you talk about the casual na-
ture, you talk about doing procedures that are less crunchy. What are we talking about, less crunchy? We are crunching human bones. That is what they are actually saying in that video-tape. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. We are talking 
about setting the price for this. 
Mr. DUFFY. For crunching bones. Mrs. BLACKBURN. It is just their 
routine nature. This was not the first time they had done this. In listening to them, that is made very apparent. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Speaker, I am now proud to yield 
to the gentlewoman from North Caro-lina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ), one of my good 
friends. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for holding this very important Special Order. 
I want to thank my colleagues who 
are here today talking about this very important issue. 
It is not the first time that we have 
come together to talk about the impor-tance of protecting life, the lives of those who are yet to be born. 
I can’t even begin to tell you how dis-
gusted I am, how nauseous I am right now, that we are having this discussion about the sale of baby body parts and that Planned Parenthood so values the organs of the unborn and, yet, so de-values the life of the unborn. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a 
heavy heart in sharing these concerns with my fellow colleagues. We now know about the two videos that have been released, the first video showing the senior director of the medical serv-ices at Planned Parenthood, who was bragging in gruesome detail of how this group harvests and sells fetal organs. 
She described how they take par-
ticular care of the baby’s organs. If only this group were just as devout in showing so much care, time, and atten-tion to the life of the baby. 
In the second video are details of how 
the health of the mother is purpose-fully put in jeopardy to yield pristine, viable organs. 
Mr. Speaker, this is sickening. This 
is all for a price, a price which is being negotiated. Regardless of whether you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.042 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5323 July 21, 2015 
are a pro-life individual or a pro-choice 
individual, you have to be absolutely appalled at this. 
As a nurse, a mother, and one who 
believes that the life of the yet to be born should be protected, I can’t begin to understand how someone can re-count these appalling details in such a nonchalant manner unless this has be-come routine. 
As Representatives, it is our job to 
protect the rights of women. It is our job to protect the rights of the unborn. This horrific revelation warrants a re-sponse from Congress, and I am proud to be on the Energy and Commerce Committee to begin this investigation. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s comments, and I look forward to an aggressive investigation by the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. I thank the gentleman 
for holding this Special Order tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, last week millions of 
Americans saw the horrific video in which a top Planned Parenthood doctor detailed the gruesome nature of abor-tion procedures. Dr. Deborah Nucatola’s casual conversation about crushing the body of an unborn child is nothing short of barbaric. What is worse is the negotiation of the price of the remains of the unborn child. 
In a second video, which was released 
today, Dr. Mary Gatter negotiates the price of fetal remains, discusses a ‘‘less crunchy’’ procedure to preserve body parts, and jokes about needing to pur-chase a Lamborghini from the profits of those organ sales. 
But this is not a joke. Profiting from 
the sale of human organs is illegal and so is changing a procedure specifically for organ harvesting. 
This is a terrible reminder of what an 
abortion really is, ending the life of a child. If harvested organs are so valu-able, how valuable is the child? Is the value of a child’s life not greater than the sum of his or her parts? How long will we, as a Nation, continue to allow such heinous, despicable acts? 
May these revelations on video serve 
as an opportunity for all Americans to reflect on the precious nature of life and how we treat the unborn, who are truly the most vulnerable and innocent among us. 
I thank Speaker B
OEHNER and the Ju-
diciary and Energy and Commerce Committees for opening investigations to determine what, if any, Federal laws were broken as a result of these awful practices. 
The House must not provide any Fed-
eral funds to Planned Parenthood when they condone and profit from these ac-tions. 
I call on the President to denounce 
these practices, and I urge my col-leagues in the House to support the elimination of Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
Mr. DUFFY. I couldn’t agree more 
with the gentleman from Ohio in re-gard to taxpayer funding being used for abortion. I think so many Americans are out-
raged by Planned Parenthood and the abortions, but, now, specifically by these videos that have come to light. I thank the gentleman for his comments. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for his contin-ued leadership on this critical matter of life. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today sickened 
and angered by yet another report showing what Planned Parenthood’s limitless disregard for the unborn child is. 
Watching senior Planned Parenthood 
executives discuss the sale of aborted babies’ body parts while they casually dine is beyond revolting. This callous barbarism should have no place in civ-ilized society. 
I am also troubled to have discovered 
that some of these abhorrent trans-actions may have taken place in my home State of Colorado. 
Reports surfaced last week revealing 
that Colorado State University appears to have violated State law by pur-chasing aborted baby body parts from a California affiliate of Planned Parent-hood. 
If true, these actions would appear to 
violate a law that was created by a bill that I introduced and that became law during my time in the Colorado State Senate, a bill prohibiting the purchase of fetal tissue from an abortion. 
I have sent a letter to the university 
and have demanded an explanation. Further, I have provided a copy of the letter to Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman, and I have urged her office to launch a full investigation. 
These troubling revelations exposing 
the monetization of fetal organs fur-ther demonstrate the need to fully defund Planned Parenthood. 
It is unacceptable that we continue 
to force taxpayers to subsidize this cor-rupt organization that disregards the dignity of human life while seeking to extract monetary gain from its de-struction. 
b2015 
Mr. DUFFY. I yield to the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), one of 
my colleagues on Financial Services, one of our chairmen who has been doing fantastic work and a champion for life. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. I, too, 
thank my friend and colleague from Wisconsin for his leadership on this and so many others. 
Mr. Speaker, I just wish the Amer-
ican people could be here on this floor right now and feel the passion, the frustration—honestly, the anger. I es-pecially want to address my female colleagues who have been here and have had the courage to come and take a stand. That isn’t always done. 
I think it was especially hard a little 
earlier as we were doing 1-minutes see-ing a colleague, watching a 1-minute address from an apologist of Planned Parenthood calling these horrors 
trumped up—trumped up—disgusting, frankly. It is just amazing. This is one of the reasons why I voted, along with a number of my other colleagues, the vast majority of my colleagues on the Republican side, to defund Planned Parenthood. Forty-one percent of their total revenue is taxpayer dollars, $1.5 billion in 2011 to 2012. 
We must never forget that we are not 
just talking about numbers on a spreadsheet. We are talking about un-born children, not lab specimens. We are talking about human lives. We must continue to fight for every un-born child here just because of their in-trinsic worth, not because of a spread-sheet or some sort of price list that Planned Parenthood or any other orga-nization has put together. 
We must continue that fight, and es-
pecially when there are so many other options, that adoption option that is out there. When you see the work being done by crisis pregnancy centers like in my area, the Lakeshore Pregnancy Center, or the right-to-life organiza-tions or any of those others that are out there in the trenches praying for, working for not just those children but, frankly, the parents that may be making a bad decision. 
We must continue to fight for the un-
born here in Congress. I know I pledge to do that; I know so many of my other colleagues do, too. We must promote that culture of life and strong families in west Michigan, in this Nation, and around the world. 
I would just like to again thank my 
colleagues for calling attention to this horrific, horrific act that has been going on. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
man’s comments. This debate has been going on for some time. Not long ago there was a debate between Rick Santorum and now Senator B
OXER , and 
during that debate Senator B OXER was 
talking about life beginning when you take your baby home from the hos-pital. I mean, some of the viewpoints on the other side are absolutely out-rageous. It just shows there is a lot of work to do. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Mis-
souri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ) to talk about 
this important issue. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank my col-
league from Wisconsin for his leader-ship and hosting this Special Order to-night. 
Mr. Speaker, it is vital that we have 
this extremely important conversation concerning the unborn. While this topic is very difficult to discuss, it is something we must talk about and rec-ognize in order to stop the unspeakable horrors currently taking place. 
Last week and this morning, new vid-
eos were released detailing how Planned Parenthood harvests and sells the body parts of aborted children. For decades, Planned Parenthood employ-ees have tried to diminish the human-ity of the unborn by belittling them to blobs of tissue. However, this video is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.043 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5324 July 21, 2015 
evidence that Planned Parenthood 
knows that these are not simply blobs of tissue, but actual human beings that have tiny lungs, livers, and beating hearts. 
We need to get our priorities 
straight. In the video the Planned Par-enthood doctor callously describes al-tering abortion procedures by crushing a baby’s body in order to preserve cer-tain organs for harvesting. She says: I am going to basically crush below; I am going to crush above. 
This is human life we are talking 
about. We cannot stand by while abort-ed baby parts are being sold for profit. This morning’s video shows another Planned Parenthood doctor shame-lessly haggling over the price of abort-ed baby body parts. She discusses how the price could change based on the volume and developmental stage of the aborted babies. 
While I am pleased that there are 
Federal and State investigations un-derway, I believe more needs to be done. Planned Parenthood has received over $200 million in Federal funds since 2012. It is clear that Planned Parent-hood places profit—not women’s health and safety—ahead of all else, and they must be stopped. 
I urge support for Congresswoman 
B
LACK ’s legislation that prohibits all 
Federal funds to Planned Parenthood. Federal dollars cannot continue to flow to any entity that has such a blatant and heartless disregard for human life. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s powerful words. 
I yield to the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. W
EBER ). 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, before I begin my pre-
pared remarks, I want to say some-thing to my mom, Jeanne Weber, in Pearland, Texas. 
Mom, thanks for being pro-life. 
Thanks for cradling even the very thought of me in your heart and mind before I was conceived; and, Mom, thanks for cradling me in your womb and then later in your bosom and then in your lap, and all my young years. I love you, Mom. Thank you. 
Mr. Speaker, I cannot tell you how 
deeply disturbed I am by these videos that have been unearthed showing em-ployees of Planned Parenthood selling body parts of aborted babies. 
It has long been my mission to fight 
against any organization that will not protect the unborn. As a member of the Texas statehouse, I voted alongside other Texas House conservatives to defund the Planned Parenthood in Texas to ensure that taxpayer money would not be used on these ghastly abortion procedures. 
Now, as a Member of Congress, Mr. 
Speaker, I have fought alongside my colleagues to protect the unborn and the sanctity of life. On May 13, the House voted in strong support of my good friend Representative T
RENT  
FRANKS of Arizona’s legislation, H.R. 
36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act, a crucial piece of pro-life 
legislation that bans the murder of ba-bies who are at least 5 months old in the womb and can, indeed, feel the ex-cruciating pain of dismemberment and a ghastly death that Planned Parent-hood would perpetrate on them. 
In 2013, we saw the horror of Dr. 
Gosnell, and now we see the real dis-turbing practices of Planned Parent-hood and their black market sale of body parts of aborted babies. 
Mr. Speaker, I only ask this: How can 
organizations put a price on tissues, limbs, and livers, and then not ac-knowledge that there is life at the time of conception? No price can be placed upon the worth of seeing a child born and take its first breath. 
And, Dad, before I go, thank you for 
standing alongside Mom and being pro- life. I love you both. 
Mr. DUFFY. The gentleman’s re-
marks were well said. Aren’t we all grateful that our parents were pro-life? It gives us a chance to be on this floor and express our views. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from 
Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), 
the chair of our Conference but, more importantly, a mother. 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to join in expressing appreciation to Congressman D
UFFY , 
the gentleman from Wisconsin, for bringing us all together tonight on this very important issue and what has re-cently been uncovered through the vid-eos featuring senior level Planned Par-enthood officials admitting to uneth-ical, potentially illegal procedures. 
It is really unthinkable to most of 
us. It is unthinkable not just because of their cold, nonchalant attitude to-ward ‘‘crunchy procedures,’’ but be-cause these videos highlight that we have allowed the debate on women’s health to get horribly skewed. Anyone watching these videos can say the American people must have answers. 
This isn’t women’s health. This is an 
agenda. It is an agenda that is driven by monetary gain, not the best inter-ests of women. Abortion providers should not get to hide behind the foil of health care to get away with unspeak-able acts. 
The practices described in these vid-
eos are despicable, and Planned Parent-hood must be held accountable. If a hospital were even allegedly involved in any kind of illegal activity, we wouldn’t hesitate for a second to haul them before a committee. Abortion providers should be no different. 
Policymakers who are serious about 
protecting women and families should be invested in getting to the bottom of these statements made by Planned Parenthood. I applaud our committees for launching inquiries into Planned Parenthood practices and procedures. The American people must have an-swers. 
Mr. DUFFY. Absolutely. I appreciate 
the gentlewoman’s comments. 
I yield to the gentleman from Geor-
gia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I 
thank the gentleman and appreciate his leadership in this Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand 
with my colleagues here tonight in mu-tual condemnation of Planned Parent-hood and their horrific practices. Like so many others, I likewise have just been horrified, deeply disturbed by the flippant comments made by an execu-tive at Planned Parenthood. 
It is bad enough knowing that this 
organization performs over 300,000 abortions every year, but it is another whole matter to come to the realiza-tion that they are also engaged in traf-ficking human baby parts. It is abso-lutely unconscionable. 
I believe that all life is sacred and 
needs to be protected. I commend my colleagues for stepping up and calling for a congressional investigation against Planned Parenthood. I also say a huge thank you to Governor Deal from my own State for, likewise, call-ing for an investigation of Georgia to see that infant organs are not for sale in that State. 
Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. It is 
time that Planned Parenthood be held accountable for these despicable acts. 
I again just say thank you, and I am 
honored to stand with my colleagues here this evening as we stand for life; and at the same time that we try to prevent these abysmal practices from marring our collective consciences, I plan to continue to champion life. It is just abhorrent that there would be any organization trying to make a profit, an industry for profit out of the sale and trafficking of baby human parts. 
Mr. DUFFY. I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas, Dr. B
ABIN. 
Mr. BABIN. I thank the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my 
outrage over the recent disclosures of Planned Parenthood’s deliberate ef-forts to harvest tissue from aborted ba-bies. The practices described by Planned Parenthood officials on these videos are simply despicable, unspeak-able, and barbaric. The lighthearted tone of Dr. Deborah Nucatola, the Sen-ior Director of Medical Services for Planned Parenthood, as she talked about how much fetal tissue parts were worth while eating salad and drinking wine only adds words of insult to this atrocity. 
A video released just today shows Dr. 
Mary Gatter, another high-ranking Planned Parenthood official, again dis-cussing fetal tissue payments. Gatter describes using a less crunchy tech-nique to yield as much and many body parts as possible for more money to buy herself a Lamborghini. This is in-humane. As a health provider myself, I condemn it in the strongest terms. I hope the relevant medical licensing boards in their States disqualify her and Dr. Nucatola from ever practicing medicine again. 
It is a national disgrace that tax-
payer dollars account for 41 percent of Planned Parenthood’s revenue and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.045 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5325 July 21, 2015 
over the past 3 years the organization 
has received $1.2 billion in funding from Medicaid. All of this for an orga-nization that performs more than 300,000 abortions a year. American fam-ilies should not be forced to pay the op-erating costs and salaries for abortion businesses, much less one that engages in fetal tissue trafficking. 
b2030 
As an original cosponsor of Rep-
resentative B
LACK ’s Defund Planned 
Parenthood Act, we are working to prohibit Federal funds from going to Planned Parenthood or any entity that performs abortions. I call upon the House and the Senate leaders to allow for its immediate consideration and at-tach it to any must-pass bill. 
I would like to thank the gentleman 
from Wisconsin and all of my col-leagues who are here tonight to speak on this important issue—and the mil-lions of Americans who are leading this effort in all 50 States. May God bless all of you. 
Mr. DUFFY. I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for a few 
comments on this important issue of 
life. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to insist Congress stop the immoral and monstrous action being taken by Planned Parenthood in any way possible, and that includes making sure no more Federal dollars go to this organization. 
Today, we learned about a second 
video from yet another Planned Par-enthood senior official who was re-corded haggling over the price of body parts from murdered children and bumping up the price while joking she needed a new Lamborghini. It is dis-gusting. 
The first video, leaked on July 14, 
showed Planned Parenthood’s practice of aborting babies and selling their or-gans. This behavior violates every moral and ethical code that I can think of. 
I was disgusted by the video showing 
a senior official enjoy lunch while dis-cussing how easy it is to kill a child by crushing their heads in order to har-vest the fetal organs. 
We must do more to create a culture 
that embraces life. If you are pregnant and seeking family planning services from Planned Parenthood, you are 42 times more likely to receive an abor-tion than prenatal care or an adoption referral. 
This isn’t about women’s health. It is 
about feeding an abortion mill. To me, it is unbelievable that taxpayer dollars continue to support this evil organiza-tion. Planned Parenthood’s entire busi-ness model is centered around pro-viding abortions, not giving quality medical care to women who need it. 
According to the Susan B. Anthony 
List, Planned Parenthood Clinic Direc-tor Abby Johnson has written that she was given an ‘‘abortion quota’’ and was even told by her superiors to double the number of abortions to bring in more revenue. It is not just abortions that are of-
fensive about this organization. Planned Parenthood has also fought against mandatory reporting when they discover children are being sexu-ally abused. Employees have acknowl-edged aiding and abetting human sex trafficking of young girls under the age of 14. 
It is time we give those who need it 
better access to real women’s health care. We must defund Planned Parent-hood now and use that funding to assist women who need real health care. 
Mr. Speaker, we have been talking 
about this too long. It is time to stop supporting a group who callously mur-ders innocent and helpless children and sells their organs and calls it reproduc-tive health care. 
Mr. DUFFY. As we are about to close 
this hour, we have had a chance to hear from so many members of the House Conference who have spoken out on be-half of the unborn, those little babies that don’t have a voice to speak for themselves, and I know in the next half hour we are going to have Mr. F
RANKS  
from Arizona continue this conversa-tion with so many more of our mem-bers who want to be heard on this im-portant topic. 
I just want to close with this. The 
Democrats talk so often about what big hearts they have. They talk about how compassionate they are for their brothers and sisters and their neigh-borhoods. The bottom line is, when you watch these videos and you see the har-vesting of organs, the pain of little ba-bies, I call on my friends across the aisle to show that compassion for the unborn and those voiceless little ones who need a voice to stand up for them and defend them at this very important time. 
There has been a time in our past, 
Mr. Speaker, where powerful people de-termined that there was a class that was less than human, and it is a black spot on our history. 
Today, there is a group in this House 
that has advocated that there is a class in this country that is less than human. Yes, they may not have a voice, but that does not make them less than human. And I am so proud of our team for standing up today to make sure that we fight for those peo-ple because they are not less than human. They deserve the right to life, and they deserve to have a defense. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE ACTIONS OF 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material 
on the topic of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I would first count it a privilege to yield to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak on 
an issue that has weighed very heavy on my heart; in fact, it has kept me awake at night for many nights. 
Two videos have recently come out 
showing senior Planned Parenthood ex-ecutives and doctors callously dis-cussing abortion procedures and the costs of that fetal tissue from aborted babies. 
It has turned my stomach to hear 
these people at Planned Parenthood. They claim to act in the best interest of women, but instead they talk about compensation for tiny organs from aborted babies. 
I find myself asking: How did we get 
here? How did this great country that was founded on Biblical principles get to a place where we have federally funded organizations like Planned Par-enthood who claim to care for women and provide health care for them in-stead deceive people and use those dol-lars to end lives—end lives of our fu-ture women that could potentially lead this country—and then turn around and sell their body parts to put even more dollars in their pocket? 
It reminds me of the Edmund Burke 
quote that says: ‘‘The only thing that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.’’ 
And today, we have seen many good 
men and women come to this House floor and say that we will not ‘‘do nothing.’’ We have pushed on this issue before, but we are going to push even harder. We are going to talk even more. We are going to talk to people and have uncomfortable conversations about what is going on at Planned Par-enthood. 
We are going to fight until we end 
the Federal dollars that flow into their bank accounts. We are going to fight until we make sure that our babies and our children are protected, whether they are born or unborn, and that every life is sacred; that we honor those Biblical principles that this country was founded on. 
Not only is what Planned Parenthood 
has been doing disgusting, but it raises questions about potential illegal be-havior. Profiting from fetal tissue do-nation is illegal under Federal law, and so is altering procedures based on fetal tissue donation. 
So I have joined many of my col-
leagues here in the House, and we have asked our leadership team for an im-mediate investigation into Planned Parenthood and all of their practices. They need to be punished for what they have been doing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.046 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5326 July 21, 2015 
All lives matter, including the un-
born. We need to do all we can to pro-tect the most vulnerable among us. 
The world can be a very dangerous 
place, and it is dangerous because of the evil that is going on, but I believe it is much more dangerous when you have people who look on and do abso-lutely nothing to protect those among us. 
The duplicity of this organization 
needs to stop; and as long as Federal dollars flow to this organization, we all need to feel responsible and do all that we can to end it. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentlewoman. 
Mr. Speaker, as profoundly tragic as 
it is, no one should have been surprised by the recent revelations that Planned Parenthood is harvesting and selling the body parts of little babies. They have so repeatedly proven themselves blind to the dignity of humanity. They have always been at the forefront of the greatest human genocide in human history, and Planned Parenthood is the number one advocate of killing more than 3,000 little unborn American ba-bies every day. These recent revela-tions are just one more heartbreaking reminder that the Nation’s largest abortion provider has always had a leg-endary disregard for the sanctity of in-nocent human life. 
It beggars incredulity that this Con-
gress continues to give hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer money— against the taxpayers’ wishes, Mr. Speaker—to a heartless organization like Planned Parenthood that goes to such grotesque lengths to promote the killing of innocent unborn babies through abortion on demand at any time throughout the 9 months of preg-nancy for any reason or for no reason. 
This body recently passed the Pain- 
Capable Unborn Child Protection Act that would, except in rare cir-cumstances, protect both mothers and their little pain-capable unborn babies entering their sixth month, Mr. Speak-er, of gestation from the unspeakable cruelty of Planned Parenthood and evil monsters like Kermit Gosnell. 
If the Pain-Capable Unborn Child 
Protection Act had already been law, it would have saved the lives of thou-sands of late-term, pain-capable babies every year, and it would have made it much harder for Planned Parenthood to harvest and sell the organs and body parts of unborn children since they simply would not have had as many of the more mature organs and body parts of the older babies to choose from. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no question 
whatsoever that Planned Parenthood brazenly and repeatedly violated the law in the selling of these little body parts. It is an unspeakable disgrace that the Obama Justice Department will likely never launch a criminal in-vestigation to look into these uncon-scionable acts, but if this Congress and the American people now also look the other way and ignore this kind of insid-ious evil, we do so at our moral peril. If the conscience of this Nation is to 
survive, it is now vital for the Pain-Ca-pable Unborn Child Protection Act to become law. The House has already passed this critically important and timely legislation. It is now time for the Senate to do the same. We must not let the continuous and repeated manifestations of this unspeakable evil of killing late-term, pain-capable ba-bies and selling their body parts go un-answered. 
Mr. Speaker, supporters of abortion 
on demand have tried for decades to deny that unborn babies ever feel pain—even those, they say, at the be-ginning of the sixth month of preg-nancy—as if somehow the ability to feel pain magically develops the very second the child is born. 
Mr. Speaker, almost every other civ-
ilized nation on this Earth protects pain-capable babies at this stage and at this age, and every credible poll of the American people shows that they are overwhelmingly in favor of protecting these children. Yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from unnecessary pain and cruelty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Humane Slaughter Act. It is a tragedy that beggars ex-pression. 
The voices who have long hailed the 
merciless killing of these little ones as freedom of choice, especially the ones who profit from it, Mr. Speaker, will be very shrill and loud. But when we hear those voices, we should all remember the words of President Abraham Lin-coln, when he said: ‘‘Those who deny freedom to others deserve not for themselves; and, under a just God, can not long retain it.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, for the sake of all of 
those who founded and built this Na-tion and dreamed of what America could someday be, and for the sake of all those who since then have died in darkness so Americans can walk in the light of freedom, it is so very impor-tant that those of us who are privileged to be Members of this Congress pause from time to time and remind our-selves of why we are really all here. 
Mr. Speaker, do we still hold these 
truths to be self-evident? Mr. Lincoln called upon all of us, Mr. Speaker, to remember that magnificent Declara-tion of Independence by America’s Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlight-ened belief that nothing stamped with the Divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on, and de-graded, and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called pos-
terity—that is us, Mr. Speaker—that when in some distant future some man, some factions, some interest, should set up the doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that ‘‘their posterity’’— that is us, Mr. Speaker, ‘‘might look up again to the Declaration of Independ-ence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ b2045 
Thomas Jefferson, whose words 
marked the beginning of this Nation said: 
The care of human life and its happiness 
and not its destruction is the chief and only object of good government. 
The phrase in the Fifth Amendment 
capsulizes our entire Constitution, Mr. Speaker. It says: 
No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, 
or property without due process of law. 
The 14th Amendment says: 
No State shall deny any person within its 
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws. 
Mr. Speaker, protecting the lives of 
all Americans and their constitutional rights, especially those who cannot protect themselves, is why we are real-ly all here. 
Mr. Speaker, not long ago, I heard 
Barack Obama speak very noble and poignant words that, whether he real-izes it or not, apply so profoundly to this subject. Let me quote excerpted portions of his comments. 
He said: ‘‘This is our first task, car-
ing for our children. It is our first job. If we don’t get that right, we don’t get anything right. That is how, as a soci-ety, we will be judged.’’ 
President Obama asked: ‘‘Are we 
really prepared to say that we are pow-erless in the face of such carnage, that the politics are too hard? Are we pre-pared to say that such violence, visited on our children year after year after year, is somehow the price of free-dom?’’ 
The President also said, ‘‘Our jour-
ney is not complete until all our chil-dren are cared for and cherished and al-ways safe from harm. That is our gen-eration’s task,’’ he said, ‘‘to make these words, these rights, these values of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness real for every American.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, never have I so deeply 
agreed with any words ever spoken by President Barack Obama as those I have just quoted. 
How I wish Mr. Obama and the rest of 
us could somehow open our hearts and our ears to his incontrovertible words and ask ourselves, in the core of our souls, why these words that should apply to all children cannot include the most helpless and vulnerable of all children. Are there any children more vulnerable than little pain-capable ba-bies before they are even born? 
Mr. Speaker, it seems that, somehow, 
we are never quite so eloquent as when we decry the crimes of past genera-tions; but, oh, how we often become so staggeringly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst of atroc-ities in our own time. 
As Americans, in the land of the free 
and the home of brave, we now live in a day when monsters like Kermit Gosnell snip the spinal cords of born babies and Planned Parenthood that, for financial gain, uses partial-birth abortions to deliberately harvest in-tact body parts of innocent babies whom they have deprived of the chance to even be born. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.048 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5327 July 21, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, what we are doing to 
these little children, the least of these, our little brothers and sisters, is real. The President knows that, and all of us here know that in our hearts. 
Medical science, regarding the devel-
opment of unborn babies, beginning at the sixth month of pregnancy, now demonstrates irrefutably that they do, in fact, experience pain. Many of them cry and scream as they are killed, but because it is amniotic fluid going over the vocal cords instead of air, we can’t hear them. 
It is the greatest human rights atroc-
ity in the United States today, and for us to now stand by and allow it all to continue unabated while Planned Par-enthood sells the body parts of these little murdered children is to desecrate everything that America was meant to be and for those noble Americans who died to make it come to be. 
Abraham Lincoln gave his contem-
poraries such wise counsel, Mr. Speak-er, and it so desperately applies to all of us in this moment. 
He said: 
Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history. 
We of this Congress and this administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance, or insignificance, can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to the last generation. 
Mr. Speaker, these are, indeed, days 
that will be considered in the annals of history and, I believe, in the councils of eternity itself. This bloody shadow has loomed over America for too long. 
It is time for the Senate to pass the 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act because, in spite of all the political noise, protecting little pain-capable unborn children and their mothers is not a Republican issue; it is not a Dem-ocrat issue; it is a test of our basic hu-manity and who we are as a human family. 
It is time to open our eyes and allow 
our consciences to catch up with our technology. It is time for Members of the United States Congress to open our eyes and our souls and remember that protecting those who cannot protect themselves is why we are really all here. 
It is time for all Americans, Mr. 
Speaker, to open our eyes and our hearts to the humanity of these little unborn children of God and the inhu-manity of what Planned Parenthood is doing to them. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for yielding me time, but also 
your longtime steadfast, earnest, and passionate leadership on this issue. It is much needed, especially in light of what we have seen this past week. 
We hear the euphemisms, the terms 
that are used talking about the unborn humans, the unborn babies. We hear terms like cell masses, cell clumps, specimens, calvaria when referring to a baby’s head. A calvarium, is this even a term anybody in real life uses, espe-
cially when applied to an unborn baby’s head? Is this a word that would apply to what ISIS does in beheading humans around the world? 
We don’t use euphemisms like that. 
Why would we apply this to the un-born? These euphemisms disappear when there is a value assigned to the parts that can be harvested from the unborn. We hear descriptions of the techniques in this harvesting actually on the video that we have been hearing about and seeing, less crunchy tech-niques. The callousness of a termi-nology like that, less crunchy tech-niques, in order to preserve more parts for harvest. 
Are we talking about cheese puffs 
here? No; yet that is how callous this is. We talk about the price of parts in these videos. They have a value in this market they are talking about. Are we talking about cuts at a butchers’ con-vention in pricing these parts? This is what it is like. 
It is unconscionable, Mr. Speaker, 
how callous, how base these terms are when we are talking about the unborn. We hear about how, for this process to happen, that consent is required. Well, who is being consented on this? The unborn donor, do they have a say in this? Obviously not. 
Mr. Speaker, and for all Americans, 
this issue is now right out in front of everyone in bright, vivid, bold, blood red colors for all to see what the atti-tude is, what the modus operandi for Planned Parenthood is and has been and will continue to be unless this body does something about it. 
We are right to call for investiga-
tions to get to the bottom if there is criminal activity here of what we have seen and is alleged with these videos. We are right to move forward with Mrs. B
LACK ’s bill, should these come true. 
Even beyond that, for years, the mil-lions of dollars that have been given to this organization, Planned Parenthood, to do what they do, it is time to defund them. 
It also is time to move on my col-
league from Arizona Mr. F
RANKS ’ care-
fully crafted and obviously correct bill on the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act because what kind of a country are we, what kind of a society are we to continue to allow these things to happen and not take action? 
I call on the Senate to take that bill 
up and pass it and put it on the Presi-dent’s desk, and he can explain to the American public his position on this issue. 
As we review, again, the grisly tac-
tics of Planned Parenthood and others that would do as they do and the recent criminal prosecution of Kermit Gosnell—who isn’t that much different than what we are talking about right here—if we don’t take action, then we should be ashamed because, for all of us, the Lord is watching what we do. 
I thank my colleague. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), a grand-
father, a father, and a lover of children. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the gen-
tleman for the opportunity tonight to talk to this issue. 
I, too, stand in full support of pas-
sage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act and ask the Senate to reach down deep into their consciences, their hearts, their emotions. 
So often, we don’t talk about that on 
the floor of this august body, the House of Representatives, but that is where it ought to flow because, indeed, we here, both in the House—the people’s House—and the Senate, were sent to represent people, people of a great na-tion, people of a blessed nation, a na-tion that has honored the worth, the purpose, and the value of life itself since its inception. 
We were formed of people with great 
ideals; great value; great courage; and, indeed, formed with their blood given for the rights and freedoms of all indi-viduals. For us to concern ourselves with protecting the most innocent among us, even those that are among us in the womb, I think of my new granddaughter in the womb right now, in my daughter’s body, waiting for, in just a month and a half, the oppor-tunity to breathe air itself and become a functioning human being cared for, growing and ultimately becoming all that God intended for her. I would say the same for any human being, born or unborn, that we must protect. 
Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank the 
gentleman from Arizona for his cour-age to push for this, with unwillingness to bend and bow under those that would say: Oh, get over it; stop defend-ing something that is indefensible. 
I would say thank God for defending 
something that is totally defensible. 
As was mentioned earlier, we were 
founded on principles, principles that were firm and correct. The Founders and Framers long understood the power of truths versus human wisdom, truths and wisdom that said: 
We hold these truths to be self-evident 
that all men are created equal and endowed by their Creator, by their Creator with cer-tain unalienable rights, among them the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happi-ness. 
b2100 
John Adams said, ‘‘Our Constitution 
was made only for a moral and reli-gious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ 
And, indeed, what we have seen in 
videos in recent days, has evidenced that, when you step out of that moral principle, you go into things unthink-able and grotesque. 
It has been said that righteousness 
exalts a Nation, but sin is a reproach to any land. How could we not feel re-proached in looking at videos of a li-censed doctor who is willing to take and sell body parts and to countenance pain as something that is just part of the process and to be totally unconsid-ered? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.050 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5328 July 21, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I spent a good deal of 
my early adult life in the pulpit, minis-tering to people from an authority far greater than this government or even this Constitution, the greatest docu-ment on the face of this Earth, man-made. 
But the psalmists said, ‘‘Behold, chil-
dren are a gift of the Lord. The fruit of the womb is a reward.’’ That is true. Certain commentators will denigrate me for bringing up these truths, and so be it. But they are truths. 
Jeremiah, the prophet, speaking of 
God, said, ‘‘Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. Before you were born, I set you apart.’’ 
The psalmist David, who became 
King David, said, ‘‘For you formed my inward parts; You wove me in my mother’s womb.’’ 
Does that sound like what that doc-
tor was doing in the womb, weaving, carefully forming? No. She was de-stroying. We must fight back against that evil. 
He want on to say, ‘‘I will give 
thanks to You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are Your works, and my soul knows it very well. My frame was not hidden from You when I was made in secret and skill-fully wrought in the depths of the Earth. Your eyes have seen my un-formed substance. And in Your book were all written the days that were or-dained for me when, as yet, there was not one of them.’’ 
I thank the gentleman from Arizona. 
I thank him for his courage and stand-ing for life itself and acknowledging the fact that the Creator has formed something of greatness. 
And we must not stand in the way, 
but do everything possible to reject the pain, to reject the defeat, to reject the conquering of the human spirit begin-ning right in the womb. 
May God help us in this country to 
repent, to seek his healing, to do right, and to spare the innocent among us. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. I thank the 
gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. Speaker, my time is nearly gone. 
And I suppose I take great heart from what I have heard here tonight because it seems to mirror history itself. 
When people of goodwill finally saw 
the victims in tragedies and recognized them as fellow human beings, their hearts and minds began to change. 
Mr. Speaker, I feel like the winds of 
change are beginning to blow here. I feel like people are starting to ask the real questions. 
And I know that, when we talk about 
abortion, it seems like all of the rules change. Sometimes you wonder if the furniture is going to start floating in the room when you hear some of the arguments. 
But the real question is: Does abor-
tion take the life of an innocent child? If it doesn’t, Mr. Speaker, I am willing to stop talking about it. 
But if it really does take the life of a 
child, then those of us in this Chamber standing in the seat of freedom of the greatest Nation in the history of the 
world also stand in the midst of the greatest human genocide in the history of the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I feel like America is fi-
nally beginning to see through some of the facade of the abortion industry and Planned Parenthood’s obfuscation. 
But I have another fear, and that is 
that sometimes we have seen such hor-rors lately—the Kermit Gosnell clinic that snipped little babies’ spines, the killing of children that are late-term, pain-capable—that recognition is be-ginning to seep through the conscience of America. 
But I paraphrase an old saint quote 
that said vice is an evil which is so frightening and mean that to be hated means only to be seen, but seen too often with its familiar face, first we en-dure and then we pity and then we em-brace. 
One of the great weaknesses of man-
kind is that sometimes, when we see evil often enough, we become desen-sitized to it. Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry has shown us so much evil in recent decades that I won-der if we are becoming a little cal-loused to it. 
Do you ever wonder, Mr. Speaker, or 
ask yourself: Are we really killing more than 3,000 unborn children every day? Are we really staining the very foundations of this Nation with the blood of our own children? Is that real-ly happening in America? 
Mr. Speaker, I would just suggest 
that it is past the time for great intro-spection on the part of this country be-cause we are either the last best hope of the Earth or we will simply be an-other empire that lost its way. 
I am of the opinion that America, as 
they led the way to stop slavery, will someday recognize the humanity of these little babies and see all of hu-manity then begin to understand that protecting them is really part of who we all are. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of a family emergency. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Mrs. L AWRENCE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of official 
duties in district. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2244. A letter from the Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Organization and Functions; Field Of-fice Locations (RIN: 3052-AD07) received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
2245. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, pursuant to Pub. L. 106-569; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
2246. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting pursuant to Sec. 1028(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, a study on the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in consumer financial markets; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2247. A letter from the Assistant Director 
for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting pursuant to Sec. 1028(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, a study on the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in consumer financial markets; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2248. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Canned Pacific Salmon; Technical Amend-ment [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0011] received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2249. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Regulatory Hearing Before the Food and Drug Administration; Technical Amendment [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-0011] received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2250. A letter from the Assistant Division 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Numbering Policies for Modern Communications; IP-En-abled Services; Telephone Number Require-ments for IP-Enabled Services Providers; Telephone Number Portability; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JY7.052 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5329 July 21, 2015 
Connect America Fund; Numbering Resource 
Optimization [WC Docket No.: 13-97] [WC Docket No.: 04-36] [WC Docket No.: 07-243] [CC Docket No.: 95-116] [CC Docket No.: 01-92] [WC Docket No.: 10-90] [CC Docket No.: 99- 200] received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2251. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — EnergyGuide Labels on Televisions (RIN: 3084-AB03) received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2252. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the 2014 annual report on Vot-ing Practices in the United Nations, pursu-ant Pub. L. 101-246, Sec. 406, as amended by Pub. L. 108-447; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2253. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-135; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2254. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of proposed issuance of an export license, pursuant to Secs. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 14-133; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2255. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2256. A letter from the District of Columbia 
Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report ‘‘The Dis-trict’s School Modernization Program Has Failed to Comply with D.C. Code and Lacks Accountability, Transparency and Basic Fi-nancial Management’’, pursuant to D.C. Code Section 38-2973.05 and an additional report, ‘‘Audits of Public School Construction Pro-grams: A Literature Review’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
2257. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2258. A letter from the Rules Adminis-
trator, Office of General Counsel, Federal Bureau of Prisons, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Commutation of Sentence: Technical Change [BOP-1154-F] (RIN: 1120- AB54) received July 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
2259. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Transportation, transmitting pursu-ant to 49 U.S.C. 1135(e)(1), the ‘‘2015 Annual Report: The U.S. Department of Transpor-tation’s (DOT) Status of Actions Addressing the Safety Issue Areas on the National Transportation Safety Board’s (NTSB) Most Wanted List’’; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2260. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Annual Report for 2014 on Dis-ability-Related Air Travel Complaints, pur-suant to Sec. 707 of the Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century, Pub. L. 106-181; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2261. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting pur-suant to Sec. 202 of Pub. L. 113-146, the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, an update on the status of the Com-missioner nominations, the current timeline for convening the Commission on Care, and a copy of the Commission on Care charter; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. Supplemental report on H.R. 1599. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengi-neered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–208, Pt. 2). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1289. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire ap-proximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–213). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 427. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolu-tion of approval is enacted into law; with an amendment (Rept. 114–214, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas: Committee on Ap-
propriations. H.R. 3128. A bill making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–215). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 369. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1734) to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recov-ery and beneficial use of coal combustion re-siduals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment (Rept. 114–216). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, 
Committees on Rules and the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 427 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. R EED, 
and Mr. C LEAVER ): 
H.R. 3119. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at ac-credited allopathic and osteopathic medical 
schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician as-sistant education programs, to promote edu-cation and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medi-cine; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for her-
self and Mr. W
ALBERG ): 
H.R. 3120. A bill to amend the Food Secu-
rity Act of 1985 to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a Great Lakes basin initiative for agricultural nonpoint source pollution prevention; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. C
RAMER , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
AMODEI , and Mr. G RAYSON ): 
H.R. 3121. A bill to improve Federal land 
management, resource conservation, envi-ronmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose cadas-tre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Fed-eral land inventories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee): 
H.R. 3122. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into a contract with a non-government entity for the conduct of bi-annual audits of Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. C AR-
TERof Georgia): 
H.R. 3123. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prohibit aliens in an un-lawful immigration status from claiming the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3124. A bill to permit the 
expungement of records of certain mari-juana-related offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. 
CUMMINGS ): 
H.R. 3125. A bill to require the Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation to re-port to the Congress semiannually on the number of firearms transfers resulting from the failure to complete a background check within 3 business days, and the procedures followed after it is discovered that a firearm transfer has been made to a transferee who is ineligible to receive a firearm; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 3126. A bill to prohibit the Commis-
sioner of Social Security from furnishing the name of any individual in a report to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System unless a Federal court has deter-mined the individual to be mentally defec-tive; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
S
CALISE , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. 
RICHMOND ): 
H.R. 3127. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. 
H
ENSARLING , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M ULLIN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H21JY5.REC H21JY5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5330 July 21, 2015 
Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. L ATTA ): 
H.R. 3129. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to change the Spill Prevention, Con-trol, and Countermeasure rule with respect to certain farms; to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. 
D
OLD): 
H.R. 3130. A bill to protect victims of 
stalking from gun violence; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 3131. A bill to require the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection, when issuing a research paper, to include all stud-ies, data, and other analyses on which the paper was based; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. 
S
ERRANO , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, 
Ms. H AHN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M ENG, Ms. A DAMS , 
and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 3132. A bill to increase the amount of 
funding available for fiscal year 2015 for cer-tain general business loans authorized under the Small Business Act; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 3133. A bill relating to certain Indian 
land-related takings claims of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indi-ans of Michigan and its individual members; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. S
MITH 
of New Jersey, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
HILL, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. B RAT, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
FLEMING , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mississippi, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B OST, Mr. 
HARPER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. 
ROBY, Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. F LORES ): 
H.R. 3134. A bill to provide for a morato-
rium on Federal funding to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
Y
ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 3135. A bill to amend section 413 of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 with respect to energy efficiency stand-ards for manufactured housing; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-
mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAMER , and Mr. B ENISHEK ): 
H.R. 3136. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to issue guidelines relating to civil fines imposed for violations of the Ani-mal Welfare Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. COLE (for himself, Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ENRAY 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
SIMPSON ): 
H.R. 3137. A bill to reaffirm the trust sta-
tus of land taken into trust by the United States pursuant to the Act of June 18, 1934, for the benefit of an Indian tribe that was federally recognized on the date that the land was taken into trust, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3138. A bill to recognize the right of 
members of the Armed Forces assigned to duty at Armed Forces recruitment offices to carry a personal or service-issue firearm at the office; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
P
ERRY , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. R OUZER , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. H ILL, Mrs. M ILLER of 
Michigan, Mr. S ANFORD , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois): 
H.R. 3139. A bill to improve security at 
Armed Forces recruitment centers; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 3140. A bill to require Federal oil and 
gas leases to report and pay royalties on oil and gas production based on the actual vol-ume of oil and gas withdrawn under a lease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Ms. A
DAMS , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. L EE, 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 3141. A bill to support the provision of 
safe relationship behavior education and training; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Mr. P
OEof 
Texas, and Mr. H IMES): 
H.R. 3142. A bill to improve passenger ves-
sel security and safety, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself and 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois): 
H.R. 3143. A bill to provide for a smart 
water resource management pilot program; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 3144. A bill to require consultation 
with the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee regarding modifications to the pro-hibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3145. A bill to amend the Fair Housing 
Act to clarify congressional intent that the prohibitions of that Act do not extend to conduct that results in a disparate impact on a protected class unless the person engaging in that conduct intends that impact; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3146. A bill to safeguard military and 
civilian personnel on military bases by re-pealing bans on military personnel carrying firearms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3147. A bill to amend the House of 
Representatives Administrative Reform Technical Corrections Act to require that certain types of services be provided at no cost to constituents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself, Mr. 
W
ALDEN , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. T ONKO ): 
H.R. 3148. A bill to exempt application of 
JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself, 
Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.J. Res. 60. A joint resolution expressing 
support for designation of a ‘‘National Lao- Hmong Recognition Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
97. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Senate of the State of California, rel-ative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 7, urg-ing the Congress and the President of the United States to renew funding for the Health Resources and Services Administra-tion’s Teaching Health Center and Primary Care Residency Expansion Graduate Medical Education Programs, and to lift the freeze on residency positions funded by Medicare to expand physician supply and improve access to health care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
98. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 1, requesting the President and the Congress of the United States to pass legislation repealing the Government Pen-sion Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provision from the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
99. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, urging Congress and the President of the United States to expand the Humanitarian Resettlement Program to allow disabled veteran officers of the South Vietnamese Army currently living in the So-cialist Republic of Vietnam to enter the United States; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21JY7.100 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5331 July 21, 2015 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 3119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H.R. 3120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 3121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mr. HURT of Virginia: 
H.R. 3122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 3123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 
of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 3126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 3127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I clause 8, section 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. CARTER of Texas: 
H.R. 3128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 3129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, which include the power to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ 
By Mrs. DINGELL: 
H.R. 3130. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 3131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 3132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 3133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which allows Congress to regulate trade amongst the Indian Tribes. This bill is enacted pursuant to treaties lawfully en-tered into and ratified pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article II, Section 2, Clause 2. This bill is enacted pursuant to Article III Section 2 which grants Congress power to regulate jurisdiction in courts infe-rior to the United States Supreme Court. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes; 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 3136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 3137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article II, 
Section 2, Clause 2 in order the enforce trea-ties made between the United States and several Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the United 
States Constitution which states that Con-
gress shall have the power ‘‘To raise and sup-port Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 13 of the United 
States Constitution which states that Con-gress shall have the power ‘‘To provide and 
maintain a Navy.’’ 
The Second Amendment to the United 
States Constitution which states that ‘‘A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 3139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
Hit. 3140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section of article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 3142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 3143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. 
By Mr. PAYNE: 
H.R. 3144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 14 states Con-
gress shall have the power to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3145. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Second Amendment: A well regulated 
Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 3148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.J. Res. 60. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Lawes which shall be nec-
essary and proper ffor carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.027 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5332 July 21, 2015 
Powers vested by this Consitution in the 
Government of the United States, or in any Deparment or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 63: Mr. R USH, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
HONDA . 
H.R. 86: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 94: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 114: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 167: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 213: Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 217: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 238: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. 
NORTON , and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 276: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 291: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 333: Mr. C OLE, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 346: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 353: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 427: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 430: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 436: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 463: Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 494: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 506: Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 540: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 546: Mr. H IGGINS and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 556: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Z INKE, and 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 611: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 612: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 653: Mr. Y OHOand Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 662: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 700: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 702: Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 721: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
NORCROSS , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 746: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 748: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 757: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 775: Ms. M ENG, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
TIPTON . 
H.R. 803: Mr. S HIMKUS . 
H.R. 835: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 842: Mr. N EAL, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and 
Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 865: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 868: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 879: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 885: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 918: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. S TEWART , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
CROWLEY , and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 981: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 990: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 994: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 997: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1076: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 1100: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1130: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1141: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1171: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1174: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
ROKITA . 
H.R. 1178: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 1202: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1222: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R EEDand Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. 
H.R. 1338: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1377: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
BARR, and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. R OSS, Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1424: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
AMODEI . 
H.R. 1434: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 1439: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1453: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1462: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1468: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1500: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. L ONG, Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. R EED, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. Y OHO, 
and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1566: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A SHFORD , and 
Ms. P LASKETT . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1602: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1613: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1677: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 1688: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 1720: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, and Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1763: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 1769: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 1779: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1797: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 1814: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 1854: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1856: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1859: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1861: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1904: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1905: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1947: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1953: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1974: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. F LORES , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. 
POEof Texas. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. K ATKO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 2063: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2072: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2076: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2079: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2124: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2167: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2168: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2191: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2209: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2255: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. W ALBERG , 
and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2296: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2303: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. 
GUTHRIE . 
H.R. 2330: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2334: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2369: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2410: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2464: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2466: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ONOVAN , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . 
H.R. 2521: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 2522: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 2558: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2568: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2573: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2588: Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2595: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2602: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2613: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2622: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2660: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2662: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2663: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. 
MCMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2680: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2694: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2721: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2726: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2734: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 2744: Mr. J OLLY , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
TAKAI, and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2799: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2800: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
ROSS, and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 2811: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.030 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5333 July 21, 2015 
H.R. 2820: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
ROSS, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. C LAY, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
REICHERT , Ms. L EE, and Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2850: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. J ONES and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2868: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 2871: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2904: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2905: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2911: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. C ONYERS and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2916: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2922: Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 2923: Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 2937: Mr. Y OHOand Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2942: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. W EST-
MORELAND . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2964: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 2972: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2973: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2978: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 2989: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 2998: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2999: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
SANFORD , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 3006: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L AMALFA , and 
Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 3009: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3013: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3024: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 3029: Mr. J ONES , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 3034: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 3035: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P ALLONE , and 
Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 3037: Mr. C UMMINGS and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3048: Mr. H ILL, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
COLE, and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. 
SLAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 3063: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3069: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 3095: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
HARPER . 
H.R. 3112: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 3115: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. M IL-
LERof Michigan, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3118: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. B RAT. 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. L EVIN. 
H. Con. Res. 30: Mrs. N OEM. 
H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. D ENHAM . H. Res. 56: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. R EED. 
H. Res. 318: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H. Res. 322: Ms. F UDGE . 
H. Res. 329: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
and Mr. S IRES. 
H. Res. 361: Mr. C RAMER . 
H. Res. 365: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama. 
H. Res. 367: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative S HIMKUS , or a designee, to H.R. 
1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residu-als Regulation Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3107: Mrs. R OBY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY7.025 H21JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5179 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 2015 No. 114 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Lord of the harvest, we continue to 
seek You, for we desire to do Your will. You, O God, are our light and salva-tion, so we refuse to be afraid. 
As our lawmakers strive to walk 
uprightly, provide them with a harvest of truth, justice, and integrity. May they cultivate such ethical congruence that their rhetoric will be undergirded by right actions. Lord, keep them aware of Your continuous presence, as they find fullness of joy in doing Your will. Show them the path to life, as Your truth brings them to a safe har-bor. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). The minority leader is recog-
nized. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican leader will be here shortly. I have gotten word he is not going to be here right now, so I am going to proceed. 
f 
IMMIGRATION 
Mr. REID. This past weekend, Repub-
lican Presidential hopeful Donald Trump did what he did best: He said something dishonest and really dis-
tasteful. In speaking about the senior Senator from Arizona, he mocked Sen-ator J
OHNMCCAIN, mocked his service 
in the Vietnam conflict. He went so far as to say J
OHNMCCAINwas not a war 
hero. 
JOHN MCCAIN and I came to the 
House of Representatives the very same day, both new Members of the House. He was representing a district in Arizona and I my district in Nevada. We are neighbors. We served together in the House. We came here to the Sen-ate at the same time. He is one notch ahead of me in seniority in this body because the State of Arizona has more people than Nevada. That is how se-niority is determined, among other ways. 
J
OHN MCCAINwas a naval pilot and 
comes from a family who served our country admirably in the military for decades—his grandfather and his fa-ther. On one of his first missions to Vietnam, J
OHNMCCAINwas shot down 
and badly injured—broken back and arms. He was very badly hurt. He was placed in a Vietnamese concentration camp, where he spent almost 6 years. About half of that time was in solitary confinement, and many days and weeks of that were spent being punished, tor-tured, and rebreaking parts of his body that had been broken. 
J
OHNMCCAIN, to me, is a hero. He is 
a person who has represented this country admirably in the Congress. He was a Republican nominee for Presi-dent. America knows J
OHN MCCAIN. I 
personally have some disagreements on policy on an occasion or two with J
OHN 
MCCAIN, but we have never disagreed 
about our relationship. My relationship with Senator M
CCAINis one where I 
have great admiration for him, for his strength of character, and for his moral courage in Vietnam. 
In the aftermath of these remarks 
about J
OHNMCCAIN, Republicans have 
been falling all over themselves to criticize Donald Trump. But it makes me wonder: Where were all these same 
Republicans when Mr. Trump slandered millions? It was only a month ago that Trump said: 
When Mexico sends its people, they’re not 
sending their best. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. 
That is his quote. 
When Trump insulted the Senator 
from Arizona, a Member of his own party, Republicans could not denounce him fast enough, but when Trump called immigrants ‘‘rapists,’’ there was nothing but silence—nothing but si-lence. There is an ugly truth behind that silence, and it is this: When it comes to immigration policy—and, frankly, most other policy—there is no meaningful difference between the Re-publican Party and Donald Trump. Consider the facts on just this one issue. Trump rejects a pathway to citi-zenship for the undocumented. Instead, he favors a system of merit that cre-ates a road to legal status. He has never ever said two sentences defining that. 
We have heard before the same kind 
of talk from Republicans, those run-ning for President—I think we have 16 of them now. 
Jeb Bush rejects the pathway to citi-
zenship. He claims to support a path-way to legal status but ‘‘not nec-essarily citizenship.’’ 
Scott Walker rejects a pathway to 
citizenship. He said, ‘‘If somebody wants to be a citizen, they need to go back to their country of origin.’’ 
The junior Senator from Texas also 
rejects a pathway to citizenship. He said, ‘‘I think that it is likely that there could be some bipartisan solution to those who are here illegally if a path to citizenship were taken off the table.’’ 
Governor Chris Christie rejects a 
pathway to citizenship, too. He said it is ‘‘an extreme way to go.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.000 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5180 July 21, 2015 
Trump wants to terminate President 
Obama’s Executive actions on immi-gration, tearing apart millions of fami-lies and deporting about 800,000 DREAMers. We have heard that before, too. 
Jeb Bush also wants to repeal Presi-
dent Obama’s Executive actions. On FOX News, on the ‘‘Hannity’’ show, he said he would ‘‘repeal Obama’s execu-tive amnesty.’’ That is a quote. 
The junior Senator from Texas also 
wants to terminate the President’s Ex-ecutive actions. Here is what he said: ‘‘If I am elected president, the very first thing I intend to do on the first day is rescind every single unconstitu-tional or illegal executive action from President Obama.’’ 
Governor Chris Christie is actively 
opposing the President’s Executive ac-tions. In fact, his State joined a law-suit challenging President Obama’s ac-tions. 
The junior Senator from Florida also 
rejects President Obama’s Executive actions that keep families together. Senator R
UBIO’s spokesperson told one 
news outlet that ‘‘immigration execu-tive orders won’t be permanent policy under [a Rubio] administration.’’ 
These are the facts. When it comes to 
immigration policy—and, as I men-tioned, sadly, most other policy issues—there is no daylight between Donald Trump and the rest of the Re-publican field. 
While the rest of the Republican 
Presidential hopefuls may not engage in the same repugnant rhetoric, make no mistake—they are all on the same page as Donald Trump. 
If I ask each Republican running for 
President ‘‘Name one difference be-tween your immigration policy and Trump’s immigration policy,’’ given recent history, there will be a deaf-ening silence. 
When Trump insulted M
CCAIN, Re-
publicans couldn’t denounce him fast enough, but when Mr. Trump called millions of hard-working immigrants rapists and murderers, there was noth-ing but silence. Maybe this is because none of the Republicans running for President can name a single way in which they disagree with Trump’s poli-cies on immigration. 
In the meantime, Democrats will 
continue to fight to pass comprehen-sive immigration reform, just as we did more than 2 years ago. We will con-tinue to fight Republican piecemeal legislation that criminalizes immi-grant communities—whole commu-nities—and we will continue to fight for families who are constantly being scapegoated by today’s Republican Party. 
f 
MEASURE DISCHARGED AND 
PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S.J. RES. 19 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to 42 U.S.C. 2159(i) and section 601(b)(4) of Public Law 94–329, S.J. Res. 19 is dis-charged and placed on the calendar, 45 days of the review period having 
elapsed, not including time spent in ad-journment pursuant to S. Con. Res. 19. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, what are we 
doing the rest of the day? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12:30 p.m., with the time equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that the time be divided equally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OVERTIME PAY 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I be-
lieve that real, long-term economic growth is built from the middle out, not from the top down. Our govern-ment, our economy, and our work-places should work for all of our fami-lies, not just the wealthiest few. But across the country today, millions of workers are working harder than ever without basic overtime protection. 
That is why I am so proud to come to 
the floor today to express my strong support for the Obama administra-tion’s new proposal to restore overtime protections for millions of workers and families. Not only is this the right thing to do, but it is good for our econ-omy. 
I wish to share a story of a man 
named Paul who lives in Massachu-setts. As reported in the Boston Globe, Paul worked very hard at a discount retail store to provide for his family. Each week he was working 72 hours, on average. On one particular stretch, he worked for 40 days in a row without a single day off, but his employer didn’t pay him one extra dime for the work he did beyond 40 hours a week. 
That is fundamentally unfair. And 
Paul, believe me, is not alone. There are so many workers like him in States across the country, and these workers feel as though they have been left be-hind in this economic recovery. They need government policies on overtime protections to catch up. 
In 1938, Congress recognized the need 
to set a standard for the 40-hour work-week. By law, when workers put in more than 40 hours a week, their em-
ployers had to compensate them fairly with time-and-a-half pay. But those protections have eroded over the past several years. In today’s economy, many Americans feel as though they are working more and more for less and less pay, and in many cases, they are. A salaried worker can be asked to work 50 or 60 or 70 hours a week and never see a dime of overtime pay. One of the main reasons is because overtime rules are severely out of date. 
Right now, if a worker earns just a 
little more than $23,000 a year, he or she does not qualify for time-and-a-half pay. That salary threshold is much too low today. In fact, the current salary level is less than the poverty threshold for a family of four. Workers should not have to earn poverty wages to get guaranteed overtime protection. That salary threshold has only been updated once since 1975. 
Back in the mid-1970s, 62 percent of 
the American workforce was covered by overtime rules. Today, just 8 per-cent of our salaried workers have over-time protection, and big corporations have used these outdated overtime rules to their advantage. They force their employees to work overtime without paying them fair time-and-a- half pay. That, of course, is good for a big corporation’s profit margin. But as the Union-Bulletin in Walla Walla, WA, editorialized a few weeks back, these workers are ‘‘working, paying taxes, raising families, and often suffering due to the long hours.’’ 
But unlike so many of the challenges 
we face here, there is a solution to this, and it doesn’t require congressional ac-tion. Last week, the Department of Labor proposed to raise the salary threshold from about $23,000, which is what it is today, to just over $50,000 a year. That will restore overtime pro-tections for millions of Americans. 
This, by the way, is especially impor-
tant for parents. Think about what this would mean for a working mom who right now works overtime without get-ting paid for it. By restoring this basic worker protection, she can finally work a 40-hour workweek and spend more time with her kids. Or, if her em-ployer asks her to work more than 40 hours a week, she would have more money in her pocket to boost her fam-ily’s economic security. That is so im-portant for strengthening our middle class today. 
Now, I do want to keep working to 
improve the proposed rule. I believe the Department of Labor should also update what is known as the duties test. For workers who make more than the salary threshold but still do what is called blue collar work, the duties test is designed to ensure that they get overtime protections. But today that duties test is out of date. 
Under the current law, big corpora-
tions can exploit the duties test to avoid paying their workers time-and-a- half, and I believe that needs to change. When workers put in more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.001 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5181 July 21, 2015 
than 40 hours a week on the job, they 
should be paid fairly for it. That is just the bottom line. 
I have heard from some of my Repub-
lican colleagues that they do not want to update overtime rules. But if the Re-publicans want to take away this basic worker protection—basic worker pro-tection—they are going to have to an-swer to millions of hard-working Amer-icans who are putting in overtime without receiving a dime in extra pay. They can try, but I know I and many others are going to be right here fight-ing back for the workers and families we represent. 
Boosting wages and expanding eco-
nomic stability and security is good for families, and it is good for our econ-omy. And, by the way, that is exactly what we should be focused on here in Congress—to help grow our economy from the middle out, not just the top down. 
This isn’t the only action we need to 
take to raise wages and expand eco-nomic stability for our families today. In the coming weeks and months, I am going to be working closely with Sen-ate Democrats to continue our efforts to raise the minimum wage, to expand access to paid sick leave and fair and predictable work schedules, and to en-sure women get equal pay for equal work. 
But restoring overtime protections is 
a critical part of our work to make sure more families get much needed economic stability. Enacting these policies would be strong steps in the right direction to bring back the Amer-ican dream of economic security and a stable middle-class life for millions of families. 
For workers such as Paul, who just 
want fair pay for a fair day’s work, for the parents who have sacrificed family time for overtime and not seen a dime in extra pay, and for families who are looking for some much needed eco-nomic security, I urge all of my col-leagues to support restoring overtime protections. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 3038 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3038) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, let 
me indicate to all Members that dis-cussions continue on a way forward on a multiyear highway bill, and we will have more to say about that later in the day. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICEMEMBERS 
WHO WERE KILLED IN THE CHATTANOOGA TRAGEDY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, at 
dawn, with Congress returning to ses-sion, we lowered the flag at the U.S. Capitol to half-staff in honor of the servicemembers who were killed in Chattanooga. What we saw there was a tragedy for our country. It was a ter-rible blow to everyone who loved these brave Americans. We will never forget their sacrifice, and we will continue to keep their families and their memories in our thoughts today. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
DRIVE ACT 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we are 
going to be moving to the highway bill. In fact, we are going to have the mo-tion to proceed today at 2:15 p.m., and I think it is important that people re-alize the significance of this. 
We do a lot of work around here that 
is not really critical. There are some issues that are. If you would like to read the Constitution sometime when you have nothing else to do, it will tell you that what we are supposed to be doing are two things: defending Amer-ica and roads and bridges. That is what it says in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. So anytime you are sit-ting around with nothing to do, you ought to read it, and you will realize that what we are going to do at 2:15 today is very significant. Passing a long-term transportation 
reauthorization bill has been my top priority since I resumed the office of the chairmanship of the Environment and Public Works Committee. It is probably the second most important thing we do, second only to the Defense authorization bill. 
In the first hearing we had in Janu-
ary, we had Secretary Foxx, the Sec-retary of Transportation, who is an outstanding Secretary. He is just as concerned about this as we are. Sen-ator B
OXER and I brought in Secretary 
Foxx as well as local government lead-ers to share the importance of ongoing Federal and State partnerships in maintaining the modern surface infra-structure system. Since that time, my committee has put forward a bipar-tisan bill called the DRIVE Act. It is significant, and it is not partisan. There is no such thing as a Democratic bridge or a Republican bridge or a Democratic road or a Republican road. 
Historically, Republicans have been 
recognized as leading in this area, from way back in the days when President Lincoln spearheaded the Trans-continental Railroad; Teddy Roosevelt and the Panama Canal; and, of course, the Interstate Highway System, cre-ated by President Eisenhower. 
President Eisenhower recognized 
that weakened defense and interstate commerce made our Nation vulnerable to the world. In 1952, when he proposed the Interstate Highway System, he commented that this was every bit as much about defending America as it was about the economy and being able to transport commerce around the States. In laying out the full interstate system, he envisioned it to be the phys-ical backbone of the economy, fueling the growth of our GDP, our cities, and the competitiveness of our exports. This vision and certainty maximized the economic and mobility benefits of the system. Businesses and individuals knew that they could locate some-where on the future interstate system and be connected to not just the rest of the country but the rest of the world. 
This legacy system, which was built 
over 50 years ago, had a design life of 50 years, and it has actually been over 60 years—close to 70 years since it was built. We are beyond our warranty pe-riod, and we are in serious danger of eroding half a century of investments without proper maintenance, mod-ernization, and reconstruction. We are on borrowed time with a system that is in full need of restoration. Our na-tional interstate system currently has a maintenance backlog of $185 billion on about 47,000 miles of interstate, and that is just to bring it back to the de-sign it was in 1956. 
Maintaining Eisenhower’s vision of 
economic opportunity and strength in defense requires a continued partner-ship between the Federal Government and the States, which is the hallmark of the DRIVE Act. Yet, due to 33 short- term patches since 2005—I have to say this because this is significant. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.003 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5182 July 21, 2015 
should be operating on a transpor-
tation reauthorization system all the time. The last one we did was in 2005. I was the author of it, in fact. That was a 5-year bill. Since that time, we have gone through some 30 different short- term extensions. A short-term exten-sion doesn’t do any good. A transpor-tation reauthorization bill is needed in order to accomplish all the reforms that are necessary and to have time to handle the major, large problems we have to deal with. 
Passing a long-term bill is crucial to 
many aspects of day-to-day life in America. More than 250 million vehi-cles and 18 billion tons—valued at $17 trillion—in goods traverse across the country every year. Yet every day 20,000 miles of our highways slow below the posted speed limits or experience stop-and-go conditions. The National Highway System is only 5.5 percent of the Nation’s total roads, but it carries 55 percent of all vehicle traffic and 97 percent of the truck-borne freight. We are talking about 97 percent of the freight on only 5 percent of the high-ways. 
Congress just passed a 2-month ex-
tension. Now we have a responsibility to pass a long-term bill. 
The highway trust fund currently 
needs $15 billion a year to maintain the current spending. When we started out with the highway trust fund, that was a percentage every year. When some-one would drive up and pay a tax when buying gas, that was supposed to be for taking care of the highways—and it did. 
I can remember when I was serving in 
the House. The biggest problem we had at that time was we had too much money in the highway trust fund. We had more than we needed. I remember when President Clinton came in. He wanted to rob the highway trust fund for all of his programs. He got by with it for a while. That is not the problem anymore. The problem now is there is not enough money. 
The situation has changed. People 
are not using as much fuel. So we have fallen short by $15 billion a year of hav-ing the amount of money necessary to continue today’s spending level. That is $15 billion a year. This is a 6-year bill. That means about $90 billion is needed in excess of the amount of money, revenue, that is derived from the highway trust fund. 
The DRIVE Act—that is what we call 
this—will put America back on the map as the best place to do business. The DRIVE Act has several key compo-nents that position America’s trans-portation system to support our grow-ing economy. It prioritizes funding for core transportation formula programs to provide States and local govern-ments with a strong Federal partner. It prioritizes the Interstate Highway Sys-tem, that national highway system, and the bridges at risk for funding shortfalls. 
It creates a new multibillion-dollar- 
per-year freight program to help States deliver projects and promotes the safe 
and efficient transportation of goods. It targets funds for major projects in the community, such as shown right here. This is a picture of the Brent Spence Bridge I have in the Chamber. This goes from Kentucky to Ohio and actually takes transportation also to Indiana. This is a very old bridge. You can see it is going to have to be re-placed. 
These are the huge things you cannot 
do with short-term extensions. You are going to have to have a major bill, such as the one we are having right now. 
Lastly, the DRIVE Act provides 
greater efficiency in the project deliv-ery process, reforms that put DOT in the driver’s seat during the NEPA process by requiring agencies to bring all the issues to the table, keeping them under a deadline, and eliminating duplication. 
One of the problems we have with the 
environmental requirements is they end up delaying projects. So this bill gives exceptions. Let me say that I was very proud of Senator B
OXER . Senator 
BOXER is a very proud liberal. I am a 
very proud conservative. One of the few things we agree on is the highway bill. It does require some changes that allow them to go ahead and keep work-ing in spite of some of the NEPA re-quirements or the environmental re-quirements. This gives bridge projects special consideration, with new exemp-tions from section 4(f), the historic property reviews for concrete and steel bridges—a new exemption from the Mi-gratory Bird Treaty Act for bridges in serious condition. 
Now, this sounds kind of off the wall, 
but one of the problems is the swal-lows. The swallows go in there and they block—they nest in there. So we are supposed to be repairing bridges. The swallow is not an endangered spe-cies. It is not listed, but the Migratory Bird Treaty Act does give them protec-tion, and this waives that in the case of bridge construction. It also enforces greater transparency for Federal funds to show the taxpayers where the money is being spent. 
This is just a brief overview of the 
bill. As the DRIVE Act progresses on the floor, I intend to address the sig-nificance of each program in more de-tail. The most important point I must address about the DRIVE Act is that our bill sets funding levels for the next 6 years. 
There is, at the very least, what the 
Federal Government should provide, so States, local officials, and the con-struction industry can gear up for the large $500 million to $2 billion major highway projects and bridge projects so we can get them off the ground. They have to get ready for it. That is what this bill does. Thousands of projects across the Nation are currently in jeop-ardy, and construction will come to a halt unless legislation becomes a re-ality. 
Future projects like—let’s go back. 
You saw already the Brent Spence Bridge in Kentucky. There is also the 
$2.6 billion Mobile River Bridge in Ala-bama. This is a projection of what it will look like. This is as it is today. This would be impossible without something like a 6-year bill. In DC, the Memorial Bridge is literally crumbling into the Potomac. People do not under-stand what happens to these bridges. 
You can see—in our case in Oklahoma, we had a bridge over I–35. In the year 2005, as a part of that bill, that legisla-tion, we were able to repair it. In 2004, right before that took place, one of the chunks came off—just like you are see-ing here on the bridge—and actually killed a young lady who was driving under it with her three children. That is how serious this is. This is the Ar-lington Memorial Bridge. It was built in 1932. Something has to be done with that. We will be able to do projects like this. 
More than just a small part of the 
economic success enjoyed by the United States over the past 50 years has been the Interstate System. Today, we literally sit at the crossroads of its future. The solution is urgent. This is why Senator B
OXER and I are bringing 
the DRIVE Act to the Senate floor as a solution. It will ensure that States have the tools and the certainty to make the necessary new investments to rebuild Eisenhower’s vision, to fight growing congestion, to maintain the mobility of goods and services nec-essary to keep the economy going. By passing the DRIVE Act, Congress will be able to take pave the way for the next 50 years of American excellence in infrastructure. 
I have to say this. The importance of 
this is that the only alternative is to have short-term extensions. I am talk-ing about 1- and 2-month extensions, of which you cannot organize your labor. The cost of that—and by the way, I say this to my conservative friends—they will be friends, and I can say this, since I have been ranked as the most con-servative Member of this body many times—that the conservative position is not to oppose this massive highway bill that we are going to have but to oppose the short-term extensions. It costs about 30 percent more for a short- term extension than it does for a high-way reauthorization bill. That is why this is so important. 
Later on, I am going to go over many 
of the other bridges and structures around that are going to have to be ad-dressed. In the meantime, this is some-thing we are supposed to do. I kind of will end up where we started off; that is, there is an old document that no-body reads anymore called the Con-stitution. You go back and read that, you will find out what we in this body are supposed to be doing. It is defend-ing America and it is providing bridges and roads. 
So as we progress on this, there will 
not be time to go into any more detail now because we have Members wanting to come down and use both the Repub-lican and Democratic time between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.005 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5183 July 21, 2015 
now and the noon hour, but at 2:15 we 
are going to have a motion we will be voting on to move to the consideration of this bill. It doesn’t say you have to be for it or against it or you want to change it. 
If you want to have amendments, you 
have to get to the bill before you can have amendments. So a motion-to-pro-ceed vote will take place at 2:15. Now, I want to tell all of the Members who are out there that if you have amend-ments—we are going to try to knock this thing out in 2 weeks. We are going to be down here talking about it for 2 weeks. But if you have amendments, if you want a chance to offer your amendments, you can offer them, but bring them down, file your amend-ments. If you do not do that, we will pass a deadline and you will not be able to do that. So I encourage our Members to do that. I look forward to the next 2 weeks of discussing and passing the second most significant bill we will consider this year. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WASHINGTON EXEMPTION FROM 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to again bring up a very important issue. It is important because it impacts a major part of our lives, a major law that Congress passed several years ago. It is important be-cause it goes to a fundamental prin-ciple—what should be a fundamental principle of American democracy—that what Washington passes for the rest of the country it should live with itself. I am talking about the Washington ex-emption from ObamaCare and my ef-fort, with others, to end that double standard. 
As the Presiding Officer remembers, 
during the ObamaCare debate several years ago, this issue came up. It came up in the context of a floor amend-ment. It was an important floor amendment, one of the very few that conservatives in the Senate passed on the Senate floor. 
That amendment to the ObamaCare 
bill said that all Members of Congress and our staff would get our health care through the so-called ObamaCare ex-change, just as millions of other Amer-icans would under this plan—no special rules, no special treatment, no special exemption or special subsidy. That was important to say that Congress would live under whatever law passed for the rest of America, and that amendment was passed on the Senate floor. It be-came part of the broader bill, and it was eventually passed into law. Obvi-ously, as you know, I opposed—strong-
ly opposed—and continue to oppose the ObamaCare bill and the law, but that amendment was made a part of it. 
Well, after it was passed into law, it 
was sort of one of those cases of which N
ANCY PELOSI said that we have to pass 
the law to figure out what is in it. After the fact, lots of folks on Capitol Hill in Washington started reading the law more carefully, read that provi-sion, and said: Oh, you know what. How are we going to deal with this? Surely, surely we aren’t going to be subjected to the ObamaCare exchanges the same as millions upon millions of other Americans—even though that is ex-actly what the statute said. 
Well, at that point a very determined 
lobbying campaign got under way—a lobbying campaign of many Members on Capitol Hill—of the President. And the campaign was simple. People rushed to the administration, rushed to President Obama and said: Oh, you need to change this. We can’t live with the statute and the significant section of the statute that says all Members of Congress need to go to the exchange for their health insurance, just as millions of other Americans do. 
Sure enough, after months of that 
very determined and, sadly, bipartisan lobbying campaign, President Obama issued one of his countless Executive orders and edicts to essentially change, with the stroke of his pen, contrary to statute, a significant part of the ObamaCare statute. 
He has done that dozens—if not hun-
dreds—of times, and this is one signifi-cant example of that. He changed what the statute said and took a lot of the sting out of that provision of the law for Members of Congress. 
Through an OPM rule, he said two 
things. First, Members of Congress, when you go to the exchange, which is mandated, don’t worry; you are going to have a big taxpayer-funded subsidy follow you to the exchange—unavail-able to every other American at our in-come level and completely unique to Members of Congress. No other Amer-ican going to the ObamaCare ex-changes enjoys this. But out of thin air, we are going to give you a big, tax-payer-funded subsidy that is nowhere in the statute. 
Then the second significant thing 
President Obama did through that OPM rule was to say this: Members of Congress, this doesn’t have to apply to your staff even though it says it does. You can designate whomever you want on your staff as ‘‘nonofficial’’ and they don’t have to go to the ObamaCare ex-change at all. 
Well, virtually all of my Republican 
colleagues regularly come to the floor and rightly complain about President Obama changing statutory law with the stroke of his pen, acting beyond his authority. This is a crystal-clear exam-ple of that. If we complain about it in other context, I think we should speak up and complain about it even when it benefits us. So that is what I am doing. We should not stand for this Wash-
ington exemption from ObamaCare. We should not stand for this complete, complete double standard. We should insist that we live by that clear lan-guage of the ObamaCare statute so that every Member of Congress gets his or her health care on the so-called ObamaCare exchange, just as millions of other Americans do—no exemption, no special subsidy, and no special treatment in any way, shape or form. 
I have been fighting since that OPM 
rule to make sure we do exactly that. There will be a floor amendment this week to pursue that end, and I urge my colleagues to do the right thing, to support that important floor amend-ment. It is important to do that for two reasons—one, focused on principle and one focused on real practicality. 
First, as to the principle, I think it is 
a basic fundamental principle of Amer-ican democracy—it certainly should be—that what Washington passes on the rest of the country it lives with itself. That should be a fundamental principle of American democracy. 
So my legislation, the No Exemption 
for Washington from Obamacare Act, the floor amendment which embodies exactly that legislation, would say that every Member of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and their political appointees get their health care from the ObamaCare ex-changes just like millions of other Americans—no special exemption, no special subsidy, no special treatment, no special insider deal. 
The second reason we should support 
that is a lot more practical, and that is that when you make the cook eat his own cooking, it often improves dra-matically. When you force the chef to have every meal out of his own kitch-en, the product often improves dra-matically. 
So that is what I want to do in a sim-
ple, straightforward way, abiding by the clear language of the ObamaCare statute itself. All of official Wash-ington—every Member of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all of their political appointees—should have to go to the exchanges for their health care, just like millions of other Americans who have to as their fall-back option. And we should do it in the same way—no special exemption, no special subsidy, no special treatment, and no special insider deal. 
It is important we say this, and it is 
important we do it. We have an oppor-tunity do it on the floor as we debate the bill before us. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important floor amendment and to lend support to the free-standing bill that I have introduced. 
As I travel to Louisiana, I have reg-
ular townhall meetings, and I have reg-ular telephone townhalls when I am stuck here in Washington and voting. Probably, the biggest single complaint 
I hear that really and rightly gets under the skin of my fellow Louisiana citizens goes to the heart of this dis-cussion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.007 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5184 July 21, 2015 
Why the heck does everybody in 
Washington think they are above us? Why do they pass laws and never have to live under them themselves? 
Well, this is a crystal-clear example 
of that. What is worse is that the stat-ute itself sets out that we would live under ObamaCare, getting our health care from the ObamaCare exchange just like millions of other Americans. 
If you don’t believe that is what the 
statute mandates, look exactly at the particulars of how Congress and the President are currently getting around that through the special OPM rule that President Obama issued. This rule says that Congress can get its health care from a special small business exchange in the District of Columbia and can have a huge taxpayer-funded subsidy applied, even though it is unavailable to every other American at our income level. 
Now, what is wrong with that? Well, 
under the ObamaCare statute itself, that small business exchange is specifi-cally set up and regulated and limited to small businesses of 50 employees or less. 
How did Congress define itself as a 
small business with 50 employees or less? It is interesting, if you pull the paperwork that the leadership of the House and Senate sent over to allow Members to participate in this ex-change. The folks who submitted that paperwork on behalf of the House and the Senate, who signed off on it saying that everything contained therein was true and accurate, said: How many em-ployees does the Senate have? Forty- five. How many employees does the House have? Forty-five. 
Really? That is interesting. This is a 
flatout lie. It is a flatout lie submitted in writing by the House and Senate on behalf of all of us to shoehorn Congress in to this small business exchange to get extra added benefits, to get this taxpayer-funded subsidy unavailable to every other American at our income level. And that proves how outrageous this end run around the statutory lan-guage is. 
So again, I urge all our colleagues to 
come together in support of this fix and to say: Yes, it should be the first rule of American democracy that what we pass for the rest of America we live by ourselves. That is important, and we are going to do it in this case and in every case. 
I urge my colleagues to support our 
freestanding bill—the No Exemption for Washington from ObamaCare Act. I urge our colleagues to support the floor amendment, which is the same as that freestanding bill, and to pass it as a floor amendment—to pass it into law through that mechanism. 
Before yielding the floor, Mr. Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the time during the quorum call be equally divided. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADMIRAL JAMES 
WINNEFELD, JR. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to pay tribute to ADM James Winnefeld, Jr., who is retiring at the end of this month after serving with distinction for more than 37 years, cul-minating his career as the Vice Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
Throughout his service as a senior 
military leader, Admiral Winnefeld has provided this body, and in particular the Senate Committee on Armed Serv-ices, with valuable testimony and can-did military advice. Over the last 4 years, Admiral Winnefeld has served as the ninth Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. His vast experience, knowledge, outstanding leadership, and professionalism, combined with his deep respect and consideration for our service men and women, will be greatly missed. 
During his tenure as Vice Chairman, 
Admiral Winnefeld provided military advice to not only the legislative branch but also to the President of the United States, the Secretary of De-fense, the National Security Council, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on a wide range of complex mili-tary and national security issues dur-ing an extremely challenging period in our country’s history. 
In a challenging fiscal and security 
environment, Admiral Winnefeld helped to lead our military through global events and threats, to include the Department of Defense’s rebalance to the Pacific, Iraq troop withdrawal, Afghanistan transition, the global threat of ISIL, instability in Syria, and Russia’s provocative actions in Eastern Europe. In addition, the Vice Chair played key roles in advising our Na-tion’s leaders on various counterterror-ism efforts. 
As Vice Chairman, he led the devel-
opment and implementation of the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review, an effort that involved thousands of senior lead-ership man hours. Pivotal to his role as the Vice Chairman, he also chaired the Joint Requirements Oversight Council, where he worked tirelessly to trans-form the requirement processes to be-come more agile, transparent, and in-clusive. Admiral Winnefeld focused his efforts on the immediate capability needs of the combatant commanders and the most pressing military issues of the joint warfighter. 
As cochair of the Defense Acquisi-
tions Board, Admiral Winnefeld worked to link the requirements, resource, and acquisition communities in developing programs to deliver appropriate capa-
bilities to the joint warfighter at the right time and for the right price. 
Admiral Winnefeld’s work as a co-
chair of the Nuclear Weapons Council ensured our military’s nuclear enter-prise and No. 1 priority remained via-ble and relevant as a strategic deter-rent to our Nation’s adversaries. 
Admiral Winnefeld graduated from 
the Georgia Institute of Technology— also known as Georgia Tech—and re-ceived his commission from the Navy ROTC Program there. He subsequently served with three fighter squadrons fly-ing the F–14 Tomcat and as an instruc-tor at the Navy Fighter Weapons School. Admiral Winnefeld’s unit com-mands at sea include Fighter Squadron 211, the USS Cleveland , and the USS 
Enterprise . 
He led the ‘‘Big E’’ through her 18th 
deployment, which included combat operations in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom imme-diately after the terrorist acts of Sep-tember 11, 2001. 
As the commander of Carrier Strike 
Group TWO, he led Task Forces 50, 152, and 58 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and maritime interception operations in the Arabian Gulf. He also served as the commander of the U.S. 6th Fleet, the commander of NATO Al-lied Joint Command Lisbon, and the commander of Striking and Support Forces NATO. 
His shore tours include service in the 
Joint Staff Operations Directorate, as senior aide to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, and as executive assistant to the Vice Chief of Naval Operations. 
As a flag officer, Admiral Winnefeld 
served ashore as the director of War-fare Programs and Transformational Concepts at U.S. Fleet Forces Com-mand, as the director of Joint Innova-tion and Experimentation at U.S. Joint Forces Command, and as the director for Strategic Plans and Policy on the joint staff. 
Prior to becoming the vice chairman, 
Admiral Winnefeld served as the com-mander of North American Aerospace Defense Command and the U.S. North-ern Command. 
As the commander of NORAD and 
NORTHCOM, Admiral Winnefeld led historic advances in the working rela-tionship between NORTHCOM, Home-land Security, FEMA, the Drug En-forcement Administration, Customs and Border Protection, and the Na-tional Guard, specifically with the dual status commander concept. In addi-tion, he led the U.S.-Mexican military- to-military relationship to a historic level of collaboration and brought tan-gible results to our Nation’s important struggle against the fast-growing transnational criminal organizations. 
Through his distinctive accomplish-
ments, Admiral Winnefeld culminated a long and distinguished career in the service of our Nation. His tenure leaves a lasting, positive legacy on our armed services. I appreciate his extraordinary service which reflected great credit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.009 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5185 July 21, 2015 
upon himself, the U.S. Navy, and the 
Department of Defense. 
For nearly 40 years, Admiral 
Winnefeld has performed his duty pro-fessionally, honestly, and with great dedication. Our Nation will miss his leadership and expertise. We wish him and his family all the best as he moves to the next phase of his life. Person-ally, I want to thank Admiral Winnefeld and say job well done, God bless, and Godspeed. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NEW HORIZONS PLUTO MISSION 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, 46 
years ago yesterday, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first peo-ple to walk on the Moon. 
September will bring the 53rd anni-
versary of President Kennedy’s speech that launched America on the quest to land them on the Moon. He set that goal for the country not because it was easy but because it was hard. I am here to congratulate the men and women of the New Horizons mission for making the hard work of sending a spacecraft to Pluto look easy. 
One week ago today, what had once 
been a fuzzy picture of Pluto came into sharp focus. Dramatic transformations inspire everyone. As you can see, NASA delivered an amazing before- and-after story. Until the New Hori-zons flyby, the best picture we had of Pluto offered little detail of our neigh-bor at the edge of the solar system, but now we can see distinct features on its surface, including something that looks like a heart. Who couldn’t love that. Thank you for this great picture. 
It took the New Horizons spacecraft 
9
1⁄2years to cross the 3 billion miles be-
tween Pluto and Earth, but it was a mission much longer in the making. 
In the late 1980s, a group of scientists 
came together to advocate for sending a spacecraft to the edge of the solar system. Such a mission would tell us more about Pluto and once again push back the edge of the known frontier. Many of those scientists are still in-volved with the New Horizons mission, including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s own Richard Binzel. 
While these scientists pushed to get 
the green light for the mission, it was only achieved by the partnership be-tween NASA, some of our best U.S. universities and the aerospace indus-try, and the hard work and innovation of their scientists, engineers, and staff. 
From just the initial information re-
turned this week, scientists have to rethink what they thought they knew about Pluto, its Moons, and its space environment. Images came back of mountains of frozen water as high as 
the Rocky Mountains on Pluto. On its Moon Charon, we can now see deep can-yons and a row of cliffs and troughs stretching 600 miles, as far as from Washington, DC, to Atlanta. 
Instruments on the New Horizons 
probe confirm that the Pluto system contains a large amount of frozen water. That is an essential building block of life. One thing scientists didn’t see—many of the meteorite im-pact craters—suggests that Pluto was geologically active relatively recently. 
The voyage of discovery from the 
flyby will continue for years to come. Not only will scientists learn more, but they will also train the next generation of planetary scientists. I am proud the youngest member of the New Horizons team is Alissa Earle, a graduate stu-dent at MIT. 
The New Horizons team is following 
in the great American exploration tra-dition. They are pushing back the boundaries of geography, knowledge, and technology. In doing so, they are inspiring the world. No matter what you think of the classification of Pluto as a dwarf planet, we can all agree that the New Horizons mission is already a massive achievement. 
I look forward to the further revela-
tions it will bring as its data streams back to Earth and it travels to the far edges of our solar system. 
Finally, I would like to note that in 
the same week of taking us to Pluto, NASA also commenced the continuous monitoring of the Sun and the Earth— the only home humans have known thus far. I hope the events of this past week confirm the importance of using all of NASA’s tools to further the ex-ploration of our solar system and uni-verse and better understand our own planet as well. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE LIVES OF FIVE 
AMERICAN HEROES 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am 
here with our senior Senator L AMAR  
ALEXANDER to speak on something very 
tragic that occurred in our State and in my hometown. 
I rise to honor the lives of five Amer-
ican heroes—the five American heroes we honor today with the lowering of the flags here at the U.S. Capitol. Our community is heartbroken, as has been said many times, our State is heart-broken, and I believe our Nation is heartbroken that these outstanding young men died in the way they did, but we honor their lives. We mourn their loss. We think of the greatness 
they embodied: Thomas Sullivan, David Wyatt, Carson Holmquist, Skip Wells, and Randall Smith. 
I think as the Nation has learned 
about these individuals carrying out what many would consider to be mun-dane activities in support of our U.S. military, those who protect us, they understand the greatness they symbol-ized, most of them having served in Af-ghanistan and Iraq and some of them younger, beginning their careers, but all having excellent backgrounds and exemplifying the very best America has to offer. 
Our Nation mourns, our community 
mourns, and we have lost five of our greatest. Also, hospitalized in Chat-tanooga today is a young man named Dennis Pedigo, whose mother and fa-ther both served on the Chattanooga Police Department, and he has followed in their footsteps. 
I think people have heard all around 
our country the tremendous heroism that was exemplified by the Chat-tanooga Police Department, which rushed at the assailant and brought him to his end—by the way, trained to do so, trained to go at them. This was not a SWAT team, but these were pa-trol squads that were trained to deal with this kind of situation and no doubt saved the lives of other people in doing so. So we honor them. We honor all of them. We celebrate them. As a community we have been harmed, and our community has prayed. 
We had a vigil on Friday night that 
was extraordinary. Senator A
LEXANDER  
was there with our Governor, our mayor, county officials, and others. It was an extraordinary time of our com-munity coming together around what has happened. 
I do believe that what people all over 
the country and the world have heard about ‘‘Chattanooga strong’’ is true, and I think our community will be even stronger because of what has hap-pened, and our Nation must understand where we are in the world and that these types of activities will possibly continue. 
I had a very good conversation on 
Friday with the Pentagon to talk about what they are doing. I know threat activity has been rising for some time, and they are looking at what needs to be done to ensure this doesn’t happen again. 
I had a very good conversation this 
morning with Senator M
CCAIN, who I 
know is leading efforts with House Members to figure out if there is a way to add something to the NDAA, a piece of legislation that we can deal with very quickly here so we can make sure we have policies to protect lives. 
Our community is praying for these 
individuals. It is my hope that we will put policies in place to ensure we ap-propriately protect these individuals. 
In addition to that, there are tan-
gible things we can do. I know that when something like this happens, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:49 Jul 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.012 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5186 July 21, 2015 
there are certain types of Federal bene-
fits. Our offices are working together with outside groups to coordinate that. 
Thankfully, our community has 
come together to make sure these fam-ilies have the financial support they need beyond that. There is an effort under way in Chattanooga now—and I hope people around the world will par-ticipate—to make sure that the finan-cial support that is necessary to sus-tain these families in light of what happened occurs. 
My friend and a great Tennessean—or 
at least we claim him as that because he lives in Chattanooga for part of the year—Peyton Manning, has lent his name to this effort. My sense is that we will see a generous outpouring to ensure that, at a base level, some of the financial needs of these families, if not all, will be dealt with in an appro-priate way. 
I will close by saying this. Our com-
munity has been shocked, as has the world. We have lost five outstanding people, and it has shaken their fami-lies. 
I had the opportunity to meet briefly 
with the family of the fallen sailor, the last person who passed. He was riddled with bullets, and the Erlanger trauma squad worked with him for hours and hours and hours trying to save his life. Finally, after a tremendous fight, he lost his life—again, in the line of duty. 
The needs of these families are great. 
While our community is praying, they will try to meet their needs in other ways. 
How do we respond to this? L
AMAR  
and I have both mentioned what comes out of this, and the fact is that I feel that our community is like none I have witnessed from the standpoint of its compassion to others. My sense is that the way our community is going to re-spond to this is much like what I would refer to in Genesis 12, where God said to the Jewish people that they were blessed to be a blessing. I think most people in our community, our State, and our Nation believe we have been incredibly blessed, and my sense is that in addition to responding to the spe-cific needs that need to be dealt with both here in Washington and back home and certainly at the State level, our community is going to rise up and ensure that, because we have been blessed, we continue to be a blessing to others. That is my hope, and that is what I am seeing happen. I have never seen such an outpouring of compassion anyplace else in my life. 
I am proud to represent Tennessee. I 
am proud that my hometown has re-sponded in the way that it has, in spite of a deep mourning and grief that we have for these outstanding men who lost their lives in the line of duty. 
Senator A
LEXANDER and I will submit 
a resolution later today, and my sense is that the entire Senate will want to be a part of it. 
With that, I will turn to my distin-
guished friend, a great colleague, and one of the greatest Senators our State has ever had, L
AMAR ALEXANDER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator C ORKER for his eloquent 
and obviously heartfelt comments. He mentioned the word that we have heard most often since last Thursday, when he and I first got word of this tragedy, and the word is ‘‘heartbroken.’’ We are heartbroken for the lives that were lost, heartbroken for the families that remain, and heartbroken for the com-munity of Chattanooga. 
We can see the deep emotion that 
Senator C
ORKER has expressed. As a 
resident and former mayor of Chat-tanooga, that community is very spe-cial to him. 
On Friday at 5:30 p.m., in Mount Oli-
vet Baptist Church, there was a memo-rial service that nearly 1,000 people at-tended. Senator C
ORKER , our Governor, 
the police chief, and others spoke. 
I know most people in the country 
know about what happened that day. Most of them would have liked to have been there to do what they could in a time such as this. You never know quite what to say. Sometimes all you can do is just be there. 
This is especially hard because these 
were young men—young men in the service of our country, young men whose lives were filled with happiness, young men who had the expectation of a long life for themselves, young men who were filled with duty and service. 
They were living in a strong commu-
nity. Faith and the sense of helping one another is strong Chattanooga faith. Chattanooga is a place of good neighbors. Chattanooga was recently named the best midsize city in Amer-ica. Everything in Chattanooga seemed to be going in the right direction, and then this happened. So it is especially heartbreaking in the community of Chattanooga. 
On Friday, I thought—while trying to 
think about what words I could add to 
the words that were being said—about the time in 1985 when 289 members of the 101st Airborne Division lost their lives in a plane crash in Newfoundland, and President Reagan came to Fort Campbell to meet with the families to talk about it. 
I was Governor then, and I drove up 
to hear what he had to say. He spoke of those men and women—as these five were—as peacekeepers. They were there to protect lives, protect the peace, and to act as a force for sta-bility and trust for our country. 
President Reagan said of those 289 
men and women, which can be equally said of these five men, that their work was the perfect expression of the best of the Judeo-Christian tradition. They were the ones of whom Christ spoke when he said: ‘‘Blessed are the peace-makers for they shall be called the children of God.’’ 
President Reagan said of the 289 who 
lost their lives 30 years ago what could be said of these five this week and what a poet said of soldiers in another war: 
They will never grow old; they will always 
be young. And we know one thing with every bit of our thinking: They are now in the 
arms of God. 
Chattanoogans said last Friday the 
words ‘‘Chattanooga strong,’’ and they were repeated by Senator C
ORKER , the 
Governor, and most of the members of the community. People were standing up and supporting each other and the families who had been heartbroken by the loss of their loved ones. 
I am enormously impressed with the 
people of Chattanooga and their cur-rent leaders: the mayor, the Governor, and their Senator, who is also their former mayor. I believe Chattanooga will be strong. 
I think it is important, as we reflect 
and grieve here in the Senate with Chattanooga—not just with the fami-lies and the people who knew the five who passed—that we not only honor the five, but that we also honor the city and its response to this terrible tragedy. 
I pledge to continue to work with 
Senator C
ORKER to do all that I can to 
help those five families and help create an environment that can keep Chat-tanooga strong. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
after literally months of discussion and a lot of cooperation from chairmen and ranking members and staffs and Mem-bers from both sides of the aisle, I am 
happy to announce that Senator B
OXER  
and I have an agreement for a multiyear, bipartisan highway bill. We hope to be able to discuss this agree-ment at our conferences shortly. This is a 6-year highway authorization that will allow planning for important long- term projects around the country. The bill also provides 3 years—3 years—of guaranteed funding for the highway trust fund. 
Senators from both parties know 
that a long-term highway bill is in the best interest of our country, so we will continue working together to get a good one passed. Thanks to the dedica-tion of both Republican and Demo-cratic Senators and their staffs, I am hopeful that we will. 
I wish to thank some other people 
who have been involved in getting us to where we are. In particular, I thank Chairman J
IMINHOFE , Chairman O RRIN 
HATCH , Chairman J OHN THUNE , and 
Chairman R ICHARD SHELBY for their ef-
forts to reach a bipartisan accomplish-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, if we have 
an agreement—and I am sure we do be-cause I have great respect for Senator M
CCONNELL , Senator B OXER , and, of 
course, Senator I NHOFE . We have this 
issue, though: We haven’t seen the bill. There can be an agreement, but until we put an agreement in writing, things are a lot different. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.014 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5187 July 21, 2015 
We have a number of committees 
that need to look this over in addition to the EPW Committee on which Sen-ator B
OXER is the lead Democrat. We 
have the Commerce Committee that we have to deal with. We have the Finance Committee that we have to deal with. We have the Banking Committee that we have to deal with. 
I want a highway bill. I have had the 
good fortune of being chairman of the EPW Committee twice. I worked on a number of long-term highway bills back in the good old days when we did that, and I hope we can have a long- term bill again. But we can’t move for-ward on a bill until we have read it and seen it and studied it. That doesn’t mean study it for several days, but we need to look at this document. I need to have a caucus after we have this document so we can look at it. 
So I hope my friend the Republican 
leader will be patient and wait until we get something we can study, and I will have a caucus with my caucus and we will sit down and decide how we should move forward on this matter. 
I repeat, I admire all of the hard 
work that has been done by everybody up to this point, but we have to make sure we move forward with this in the right direction. I understand all the issues probably more than most about all the time involved in a bill such as this. There are all kinds of potential ways to stall this, but we are not going to do that on our side. We are going to be as expeditious as we can once we have something that we can read and understand and, as I said, study so we can understand it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, before 
my leader leaves the floor, I wish to thank him because he and Senator D
URBIN , Senator S CHUMER , and the rest 
of the leadership team have been push-ing hard for a bill. As my leader knows, I have been negotiating in good faith with the Republican team, headed by Leader M
CCONNELL , for a long-term, ro-
bust bill. 
I agree with Leader M CCONNELL that 
we have an agreement in principle. I also agree with my leader that we have to look at the details. So my work now turns to getting those agreements up on the Internet so people can read for themselves the various titles. It is my understanding that we will start to see that language momentarily. I know we are working hard with my Chairman I
NHOFE to make a couple of changes to 
EPW. But I have to say we have reached an agreement in principle on a 6-year bill with 3 years of funding, and the text will be printed shortly. I be-lieve it is a breakthrough. The highway trust fund goes bust in 10 days. 
This is what is happening across the 
country. It is unreal that in my State we would have this bridge collapse, I say to my friends, and now commerce can’t move between California and Ari-zona because we have had this collapse on Interstate 10. How strange this would be if this—thank God no one lost 
their life in this accident. But this bridge was rated structurally obsolete, so we knew it couldn’t bear all the traffic. It is a huge amount of traffic. So this is my poster child for why I am working so hard on this. 
I thank my Republican friends be-
cause they have really worked hard. Of course, I am looking at Bettina and Neil. I was talking to them at 11:30 last night, and in the leader’s office we re-solved the last couple of pressing issues, with his help. But we have to see the text. My friends on the other side want to see the text of the Iran agreement. This isn’t exactly the same, but we do need to see the text. So I am urging everybody to get the text up as fast as possible so we can vote as soon as possible. This is a breakthrough, but we need to see the details. 
I thank Leader M
CCONNELL because 
this has been a difficult negotiation but I think one that is going to bear fruit in terms of millions of jobs and thousands of businesses in much better shape. 
Thank you very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
cloture vote we were originally going to have at 2:15 p.m. will be pushed back several hours to 4 p.m. 
I will just add—in addition to the 
comments of the Senator from Cali-fornia—I wish to thank Senator I
NHOFE , who I think was in the Cham-
ber. 
Mr. INHOFE. Right here. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Nobody has been a 
stronger advocate for a multiyear high-way bill than the Senator from Okla-homa. In spite of the rather dramatic philosophical differences which exist between the Senator from California and the Senator from Oklahoma, when it comes to a transportation bill, they have been a remarkable team over the years. So I thank my chairman as well for an extraordinary contribution to all of this. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate that very much. I wish to say that working in concert with Senator B
OXER has been a pleasure. A lot of 
times philosophically in this room here we disagree with each other, but then when it gets down to what we are sup-posed to be doing here—I have to re-mind people quite often that if you read the Constitution about what we are supposed to be doing here—I am talking about Members of the U.S. Sen-ate—we are supposed to be defending America and roads and bridges. That is it. So this is by far the most important matter before us right now, now that we have the Defense bill behind us, and I look forward to making this a reality. 
The idea of a 6-year bill is very sig-
nificant because without that we can’t do the big projects. This morning on the floor with charts I showed all the 
different big, large structures, such as the Spence Bridge between Kentucky and Ohio. These are bridges and projects that have to be done, and there has to be a long-term bill in order to do that. I also shared this morning an experience that I had on the I–35 bridge that we put in through—the last major bill we had was in 2005. We put those repairs in there. That was in Oklahoma City. We actually had the death of a lady who was driving her three children under a bridge with concrete falling off. So we have to repair America, and this is the first step toward that repair. 
It is very important that we proceed 
to the bill. I would suggest to people that if you don’t like it and if you plan to vote against it, that is fine, but bring it out here so we can discuss the merits, the demerits, and we can also start working on amendments. I would encourage any Member who is listening right now to bring amendments to the floor because when we proceed to the bill, I am going to be down here on the floor as long as we are in session, and I will be wanting to get to these amendments. It doesn’t do any good to wait until the last minute and then show up and say ‘‘I have an amend-ment’’ on the day of passage of the bill. We will have deadlines. In order to get germane and nongermane amendments up for consideration, we have to have them down here, and if Members miss a deadline, then Members won’t have that opportunity. So it is really up to the Members now to make sure that happens, but before we can get to that, the one thing that has to happen is we have to proceed to the bill. That has to be passed at 4 o’clock today. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:28 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
Mrs. ERNST. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.016 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5188 July 21, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 19, H.R. 22, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Shel-
ley Moore Capito, Rob Portman, John Cornyn, James M. Inhofe, Daniel Coats, John Boozman, Johnny Isakson, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Deb Fischer, Richard Burr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 22, the Hire More He-roes Act of 2015, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 41, 
nays 56, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 250 Leg.] 
YEAS—41 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford 
McCain Moran Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Sullivan Thune Tillis Vitter Wicker NAYS—56 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Cruz Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 41, the nays are 56. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
it is my understanding that many of our colleagues on the other side have voted against cloture at this particular point. They wanted to have further time to read the bill. I want everybody to understand that the text is filed, it is at the desk. There are detailed sum-maries available online on the EPW Committee Web site. 
As everyone knows, Senator B
OXER , 
I, and others have been discussing this in great detail. 
I am hopeful that by tomorrow we 
will have cloture on the bill and an op-portunity to go forward. 
Let me just say to everybody that I 
know I haven’t threatened a Saturday session all year, but there will be a Saturday session and probably Sunday as well. Let me tell you why. We have a chance to achieve a multiyear, bipar-tisan highway bill. Senator I
NHOFE and 
Senator B OXER reported out a 6-year 
bill. This is a 6-year bill. We have paid for the first 3 years. I believe our col-leagues on the other side will find these pay-fors credible. They may not love every single one of them, but there is not a phony one in there. 
If we can get this bill over to the 
House, it is my belief they will take it up. Give the House of Representatives an opportunity to express itself on this bill. Imagine the scenario if we actu-ally were able to produce a multiyear highway bill and get it to the Presi-dent’s desk for signature before the Au-gust recess. It is something we could all feel proud of. In my view, there has been outstanding bipartisan work on this, and so we need to keep at it, and that will require us, most definitely, to be here this weekend. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Democratic leader. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. REID. Madam President, first, 
we all appreciate the work done by Senator M
CCONNELL and Senator 
BOXER . Senator B OXER has been tireless 
on this, as she is on everything. But we have an issue that I think we need to address. We received this bill, which is more than 1,000 pages, about an hour ago. 
I am going to have a caucus tomor-
row, and I hope we will have an oppor-tunity at that time to have reports from committees of jurisdiction. Com-mittees of jurisdiction is more than just the Environment and Public Works Committee; finance is involved, commerce, banking, and other commit-tees, of course, are interested. 
So we need the opportunity to look 
at this bill. This is a big bill with a lot of different sections in it dealing with a lot of different issues. We are not asking for anything unusual; we just want to be able to study the bill and talk about it in a private meeting to-morrow at 12 o’clock. 
Now, if we were doing something that 
was—‘‘What are you talking about? You mean you want to read this?’’ Please. I mean, we have pages of quotes from my friends. 
Senator E
NZIsaid: 
That is what created this enormous out-
rage across America of: Did you read the bill? How can you read the bill if you have not seen anything in it, if it has not been given to you? I do not think it is intended to 
be given to us until we have to shuffle this thing through at the end [and not know what is in it]. 
LAMAR ALEXANDER , one of the most 
thoughtful people I have served with in government, said a couple of years ago: 
We want to make sure the American people 
have a chance to read it and they have a chance to know exactly what it costs and they have a chance to know exactly how it affects them. That is not an unreasonable re-quest, we don’t think. That is the way the Senate works. That is our job. When it came to the Defense authorization bill, we spent a couple of weeks doing that. When it came to No Child Left Behind, the Education bill, we spent 7 weeks going through it. . . . The Homeland Security bill took 7 weeks. The Energy bill in 2002 took 8 weeks. A farm bill last year took 4 weeks. So we have a little reading to do, a little work to do. 
JOHNMCCAINsaid: 
But could I also add, if we haven’t seen it, 
don’t you think we should have time to at least examine it? I mean, I don’t think it would be outrageous to ask for a bill to be read that we haven’t seen. 
I—as have a number of people in this 
body—have worked on highway bills in the past. We have worked on these bills, and they have taken weeks to get done. We are being presented with something here that basically says: You take this or leave it. That isn’t the way it should work around here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.028 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5189 July 21, 2015 
I am going to do everything I can to 
move forward on a long-term highway bill. I want to get it done. But we are going to have to look at this and find out what my different committees think, what different Senators think, what people at home think. You know, I have a lot of people at home who are interested in what is in this bill. There is the banking provision. There are the pay-fors. I looked at them last week, but that has been a moving target also. 
The ranking member of our Finance 
Committee at this stage—unless he has learned something in the last half hour—doesn’t know what the pay-fors are either. 
So, in short, we want to be as cooper-
ative as we can, but we are not going to lurch into this legislation without hav-ing had a chance to read in detail this 1,030-page bill and, after having read it, to have a discussion within the caucus on this bill. 
We would be in a very difficult posi-
tion if—as the Republican leader said, we are going to work over the weekend, which is fine. I have no problem with that. I have tried that myself a few times; it didn’t work so well. But I am willing to be part of the deal here if we need to work this weekend to get it done. 
I don’t know what the House plans to 
do, but we are assuming a lot, that the House is going to take up this bill. If they did, that would be wonderful, but I have to say that based on my con-versation with the Democrats in the House, in conversations they have had with the Republican leadership over there, I don’t think there is a chance in the world they are going to take up this bill. They have sent us a bill—a bill that is for 5 months, with con-versations between the White House— not our W
HITEHOUSE but the Presi-
dent’s White House—to come up with a long-term highway bill. Part of that is some consideration of the Export-Im-port Bank. I realize how important that is. I have been on this floor talk-ing about how important that is. We have about 45 different countries that have, as we speak, ex-im banks that are working, that are taking away all of our business, so it is important that we get that done also. But we cannot let one get in the way of the other. It is not our fault—Democrats’ fault— that we don’t have an Ex-Im Bank bill. We didn’t create the problems with Ex- Im having gone out of business. 
So I want to get a highway bill done 
and I want to get Ex-Im Bank done, but the Ex-Im Bank problem should not stand in the way of us getting a good, strong, robust highway bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
my good friend the Democratic leader was saying as recently as a couple of weeks ago that we need to do a long- term highway bill. Well, Senator B
OXER and I took him seriously. We 
have worked hard to come up with a bi-partisan, multiyear, paid-for highway bill. The fact that it hasn’t been online 
very long is a good argument, and our friends will have an opportunity to read every bit of it. I hope at that point they will find it attractive to move forward. As I have said for over I guess now something like 2 months, this bill is an opportunity for those who support the Ex-Im Bank to offer an amendment on that subject. 
So it is further complicated in terms 
of timing by the fact that the House of Representatives is leaving a week ear-lier than we are. I can’t say with cer-tainty that the House of Representa-tives will take up and pass a multiyear highway bill that doesn’t raise the gas tax and is credibly paid for, but it is a lot more attractive, it strikes me, than a 6-month extension that we have to revisit again in December. 
I am hopeful that the House will take 
a look at what we have done on the Senate side on a bipartisan basis and find it very appealing. So we would like to work our way through this and we intend to work our way through it—in-cluding the weekend—to get what we believe is an important accomplish-ment for the country over to the House of Representatives so they can take a look at it, and maybe they will find it appealing as well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, if I 
could say to both leaders, whom I re-spect tremendously—and I agree with Leader R
EID99.9 percent of the time— 
this is the situation: We have a high-way trust fund expiring, going bust, going broke, and, yes, we have to spend some time. You know, we have a lot of staff; we can divide this up—250 pages, 4 people. We have a summary. We have a summary of the bill out there for ev-erybody, and we can just say we need 4 weeks or 6 weeks to look at it. 
The EPW piece, as my friend Senator 
I
NHOFE knows, has been out there for 3 
months—not that long; at least 2 months. We haven’t changed much in that. It has been out there, so that has been reviewed. 
All I want to say is this: If we could 
just keep our eye on the prize—and I understand that the way we proceed over here is important. That is why I voted no, not to go to a bill I wrote with Senator M
CCONNELL , because I 
agree with my leader completely. We need a chance to look at it. But I would submit that this isn’t the first time we have ever done a highway bill. This is a little different from a health care bill in the sense that it is a highway bill. Most of it is very similar. I would say EPW builds off the old bill we had be-fore, and most of the bills track older bills. 
I don’t think it is going to be that 
hard for us to detail our staff to read it because—here is the problem—if we don’t, we have 800,000 construction workers who are still not back to work, and we have 7 States that have stopped doing anything. So if we could just keep our eye on the prize, which is businesses being able to do what they 
want to do: build—I had a bridge col-lapse 2 days ago. You can’t get from California to Arizona. 
So I hope that tomorrow we will be 
able to join with our friends and vote to proceed. If we don’t like the bill, we will have three more opportunities to vote no. But I would love to get on this bill, get moving on it, and see if we can keep this economy moving in the right direction and not take a chance, as many economists said we will, if we don’t do a long-term bill. 
I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Will the Senator 
from California yield for a question? 
Mrs. BOXER. Yes, I will. Mr. M
CCONNELL. My understanding 
is that the Senator and Chairman I
NHOFE have been discussing with peo-
ple around the country who would ben-efit from this bill. Does the Senator have a sense of their enthusiasm for the product we have come up with? 
Mrs. BOXER. I do. As I shared with 
Leader R
EIDtoday, we have 68 organi-
zations, from labor, to business, to gen-eral contractors. I have the list. They are asking us, begging us to move for-ward—the National Governors Associa-tion. It is really a broad-based number of organizations that don’t agree all the time. I mean that the building trade doesn’t often agree with the Chamber of Commerce, but they agree on this. So I think there is enthusiasm. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Would I be correct 
in saying they are less than enthusi-astic about another short-term exten-sion? 
Mrs. BOXER. They agree with those 
of us who have said that is a death by a thousand cuts. We just can’t keep on doing these short-term extensions. 
I would say this to the Republican 
leader. If you or I went to the bank to get a mortgage and the banker smiled and said that you get that mortgage, but it is only for 6 months or 5 months, you wouldn’t buy the house. 
No one is going to build a new project 
or fix a bridge that has multiyear costs if they know the money could run out in 5 months or in the short term. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Would it also be 
correct, I ask the Senator from Cali-fornia, if we are fortunate enough to send a multiyear paid-for highway bill over to the House, that the same con-stituent groups that have had an inter-est in this and have indicated their en-thusiasm to you would likely descend on the House and suggest that this might be something they ought to take a look at? 
Mrs. BOXER. I think there will be 
huge momentum if we are able to pass this in a bipartisan way; yes, I do. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
have been listening carefully to what concerns people have, and I have to re-mind everyone that it was June 24— June 24—that we passed this bill out of committee. We had been working on this bill for months before that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.031 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5190 July 21, 2015 
All of us realize that between the last 
bill we had, which was a multiyear bill in 2005—that we then had a 5-year bill, and since that expired at the end of 2009, we have had nothing but exten-sions. Those extensions cost 30 percent off the top just because short-term ex-tensions don’t work. But we went ahead, and we passed a bill. 
The reason I am optimistic that if we 
can get this to the House they will sign it is because that wasn’t a problem at all when it went to the House the last time. We showed them that the cost of the bill is far less—the conservative po-sition. That was with 33 Members of the House on the transportation and infrastructure committee. So all of the Republicans and all of the Democrats on their committee voted for it. Those same Democrats and Republicans over there would support this. 
I think the reason they came out 
originally for a shorter term bill was to pack it in with some other things they wanted to get passed. But I have yet to talk to the first Member of the House who doesn’t say: If you bring us a multiyear bill, we will sign it. 
So I think that is a moot statement. 
I think that will happen, and we are willing to stay here until it does hap-pen. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
appreciate the chairman and the rank-ing member of the Environment and Public Works Committee pointing out that the actual underlying authoriza-tion language in this legislation has been public information since June 24— June 24. The only thing that is a little different about this underlying bill—it is not as if this were air-dropped out of heaven, and it showed up on people’s desks—is that Senator H
ATCH , the 
chairman of the Committee on Fi-nance, and other committee chairmen on the commerce committee, EPW, the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee have come up with a group of pay-fors to figure a way to pay for 3 years now of this underlying 6- year bill. 
So I think it is absolutely accurate 
to say that the good work being done by the Environment and Public Works Committee to pass a 6-year bill will be done when this bill is passed, but we have only been able to agree on 3 years of pay-fors. I wish we could have gone longer, but that is not bad considering our recent record with these temporary patches, which I agree is a terrible way to do business. 
So I congratulate the Senator from 
California and those who have worked to make this bill as good as it is, but I want to make another point. There are others who are arguing: Well, we shouldn’t be doing this. We ought to be passing a temporary patch, and then we should be doing international tax reform and trying to come up with some additional revenue out of that process that will pay for a 6-year bill. Well, the fact of the matter is that 
nothing we will do with this bill pre-cludes that good work from going for-ward. 
As a matter of fact, after 3 years of 
paying for this bill, at some point we are going to have to find a way to re-charge the bill in order to complete the work that was first started in the un-derlying 6-year bill. So I don’t want anybody to be under a misconception, because I think you might if you didn’t know the context of thinking that all of a sudden this 1,000-page bill appeared on people’s desks, and they do not know where it came from, and they do not know anything about its prove-nance or what it will actually do. The truth is very, very different. 
It is important, and I respect the 
fact, as the Senator from California has made the point, that people do need to get comfortable with the paper-work. But what we have tried to do is to come up with credible ways to pay for the bill that actually represents a consensus to pay for 3 years rather than this idea of a 6-month patch and hoping that somehow we will come up with the money in December for a 6- year bill. 
So while I regret this failed cloture 
vote, this bill does represent a signifi-cant step forward, and I am encouraged by what I have seen in terms of the bi-partisan cooperation that allowed us to make progress on a number of conten-tious matters so far this year, and I thank the minority whip for his good work on this as well. 
We passed an education bill. We 
passed trade promotion authority. It was not universally popular on both sides, but this was a priority for the President and I think something that represents a step forward for our econ-omy, opening markets for the things we raise and grow and the things we make in this country. 
We have done a number of important 
things that I hope begin to regain the public’s trust and confidence that we are actually able to function and that even though we have very different ideas about how to get to a conclusion, we can actually find common ground and make some progress. 
In my State in particular—Texas 
being a large State—the Texas A&M Transportation Institute estimates that by the year 2020, 8.4 billion hours will be spent waiting in traffic—8.4 bil-lion hours. Of course, that also means that 4 billion gallons of gas will be wasted in the process. Imagine the pol-lution, not to mention the heartburn associated with congestion on our highways and roadways. 
We are, thank goodness, a fast-grow-
ing State relative to the rest of the country. We are a big State. We need the transportation infrastructure to keep our economy moving and to cre-ate jobs and economic growth. 
So I am confident we can work in a 
bipartisan manner to address what I hope is just a temporary obstacle and avoid these patches that kick the can down the road and provide no predict-
ability or planning ability so these long-term projects can be initiated and completed. 
I would just point out the fact that 
Texas has not waited on the Federal Government in order to deal with its transportation needs. Last November, by an overwhelming 4-to-1 margin, Texans approved a ballot initiative that provided an additional $1.7 billion to upgrade and maintain our transpor-tation network. So I congratulate our leaders at the State level who have taken the initiative to begin to make that downpayment on upgrading and maintaining our transportation net-work, but estimates are we need as much as $5 billion in order to do that. So this represents just a downpayment. We need to pass the Federal highway bill in order to complete our work. 
As I pointed out, our State has cur-
rently about 27 million people. By 2040, it is estimated to reach as many as 45 million people. So we need this infra-structure, but we are not alone. We are not unique in that sense. Every State needs transportation infrastructure to keep people and goods moving in order to continue to grow our economy be-cause a growing economy creates jobs and opportunity, and the one thing we need in this country is a growing econ-omy. 
Last year, in 2014, the Texas economy 
grew at 5.2 percent. The U.S. economy grew at 2.2 percent. That is why, be-cause of that 3-point differential, we have created more jobs in Texas—or seen jobs created by the private sector, I should say—than anywhere else in the country. If we fail to pass a multiyear transportation bill, if we somehow decide to shoot ourselves in the foot and fail in this important ef-fort, we will have only ourselves to blame, and we will be contributing to the problem rather than contributing to the solution. 
The resources provided for in this 
legislation will help relieve urban con-gestion, upgrade rural routes, and im-prove the overall safety and efficiency of our highways. It is something our friends across the aisle just a few short weeks ago said they wanted. They said they were worried about this impend-ing deadline coming up where we need-ed to do something, and they were pre-dicting that perhaps we would just have another patch. They called for a longer term highway bill. So I would urge our colleagues to take yes for an answer. 
Thanks to the good work done by 
Chairman H
ATCH of the Committee on 
Finance and a lot of work on a bipar-tisan basis across the aisle, we have ac-tually come up with enough money— enough legitimate pay-fors—to pass a 3-year transportation bill with the prospect, if we can come up with some additional funds through international tax reform, to backfill the final 3 years. So nothing here actually pre-cludes that effort. Nothing cuts that off. This is, I think, part of doing our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.033 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5191 July 21, 2015 
basic job as Members of the Congress. 
It is not particularly attractive or sexy or interesting, but it is about com-petence, it is about doing our job, and it is about putting the American peo-ple’s interests first. 
So I hope by tomorrow our colleagues 
will have had a chance to satisfy them-selves and understand the pay-fors in this bill, recognizing that most of this information has been out there in the public domain for a long, long time. I am not asking them to like it, I am not asking them to fall in love with the pay-fors, but I am asking them to let us go forward and to let the Senate be the Senate. Let people offer their ideas, hopefully get votes on construc-tive suggestions, eventually pass this legislation, and send it over to the House, where I predict, if it comes out of the Senate with a good strong vote, our friends in the House will take it up and pass it and send it to the Presi-dent, and we will have fulfilled our re-sponsibility. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, let 
me add my voice to this bipartisan cho-rus. It is embarrassing to the United States of America that we are now in the midst of our 33rd short-term exten-sion of the highway trust fund. 
This 60-day extension ends in 10 days. 
It is true and the Senator from Texas is correct that many of us have come to the floor and said this is beneath the dignity of a great nation—that we can-not invest in our own economy, in our own business growth. Building the highways and bridges and the mass transit that sustains a great nation takes a determined long-term effort. 
Now, there are those—not on our side 
of the aisle, but there are those—who question whether the Federal Govern-ment should be involved in this at all. The so-called devolution movement ar-gues, I understand, that this really should be a State and local matter: Get the Federal Government out of the business of planning the transportation grid for America. 
I have three words for those people 
who believe that: Dwight David Eisen-hower, a Republican President who, in the 1950s, had the vision and deter-mination, once he had seen the auto-bahn in Germany, to say that the United States of America needs an interstate highway system for its na-tional defense. That is how he sold it. He sold it to a bipartisan Congress, and we have lived with that benefit ever since. 
Our generation and even those before 
us have inherited the vision of that President and Members of Congress who said: Let us invest in the long- term development of America. 
Think about your own home State 
and what interstate highways mean to your economy. In my State, if you are a town lucky enough to live next to an interstate, you are bound to have a good economy. And if you are blessed with the intersection of two inter-
states, hold on tight, because the op-portunities are limitless. 
So that generation 60 years ago had a 
vision. The question is, Do we have a vision? We certainly don’t with 60-day extensions with the highway trust fund. That is why when Senator M
CCONNELL on the Republican side of-
fered a long-term approach, 3 years—I wish it were 6—but 3 years actually paid for, I believe we should take it se-riously. 
One Senator among us, Senator 
B
OXER of California, did. As chairman 
of the Environment and Public Works Committee, B
ARBARA BOXER rolled up 
her sleeves and started negotiating, crafting an agreement. 
How about this for an assignment. 
We said to Senator B
OXER : Come up 
with a long-term highway trust fund bill, get it through four different com-mittees to the satisfaction of at least the majority of the 45 other Demo-cratic Senators, work out your dif-ferences, and report to us in 10 days. She did. I have to give credit to her, as big as this bill may be—and by Senate standards it is one of the larger ones— it was an undertaking she took seri-ously and we should take seriously too. Now that we have the bill, there is no excuse. There is plenty of time to read this. Don’t believe that every word on every page is valuable, but let’s go through it carefully and make sure we understand completely what we are doing before we vote. That was the clo-ture vote we had earlier today. 
When I went home over this weekend 
and called leaders in my State—I called the CEOs of two major corpora-tions, I called the labor unions, I called the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and they were over the moon and happy with the notion that we are finally going to come up with at least a 3-year highway trust fund bill. 
I will be reading this carefully. In the 
course of reading it, I hope I can come to the conclusion that this is the right answer to move us forward to build our infrastructure for the next generation. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
when President Obama came to office, he looked out at the threats across America, and there were four hard-tar-get threats: Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran. The situation in Iran was particularly worrisome because there was a recurrent belief that Iran was developing nuclear weapons. I have heard critics ask: Well, what difference would it make? How foolish would it be for Iran to launch a nuclear weapon against anyone? Every nuclear weapon that is launched has a return address, and that country will pay dearly for a reckless decision such as that. But the fear the President had and we shared was that if Iran developed a nuclear weapon in the Middle East, it would trigger an arms race, and many other countries in that volatile region of the world would then seek to develop their 
own nuclear weapons and the potential conflagration was incredible. 
There was also a concern that one of 
the first targets of Iran would be our 
close ally and friend, the nation of Israel. It is easy to reach that conclu-sion when you read and hear the rhet-oric of the rightwing in Iran, which will not even recognize Israel’s right to exist. President Obama set out to do something about it. 
It was clear from our experience in 
Iraq and Afghanistan that sending in American troops was something that had to be thought about long and hard. We have the best military in the world, but let’s face it, what we faced in Iraq with roadside bombs maimed and killed so many American soldiers that we realized this new world of asym-metric military confrontation didn’t guarantee that the best military in the world would have an easy time of it. 
We ended up with almost 5,000 casual-
ties in Iraq and nearly 3,000 now in Af-ghanistan, and Afghanistan turned out to be the longest war in U.S. history. This President and the American peo-ple were reluctant to face another mili-tary confrontation. 
This President made a decision. I 
have talked to him about it. He decided every leader from every country who came in to see him would be asked to join in an effort to impose sanctions on Iran to bring them to the negotiating table over the issue of their nuclear ca-pability. 
The President put together an in-
credible coalition because we learned long ago unilateral sanctions are not worth much, but if you can bring many nations around the world into a com-mon purpose of putting the pressure on a country, it can have a positive im-pact. 
The coalition the President put to-
gether was amazing; witness the nego-tiations themselves where China and Russia were sitting at the same side of the table as the United States and the European Union—England and France—and many other countries joined us in imposing these economic sanctions when they had little to gain and a lot to lose when it came to the oil resources of Iran. The President’s determination to put the sanctions on Iran was for the purpose of bringing them to the negotiating table. That diplomatic gathering would literally have been the first meeting in 35 years between Iran and the United States, representing that period of time when our relationship with Iran had reached its lowest possible point. At this point, the goal of the negotiation was very clear: stop Iran from developing a nu-clear weapon. 
How real was the threat that they 
were developing such a weapon? If you go back in time and read the quotes from the Prime Minister of Israel Ben-jamin Netanyahu, for years—more than 10 years—he has been warning that the Iranians were close to devel-oping a nuclear weapon. It was a mat-ter of weeks, months, a year at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5192 July 21, 2015 
most by most of his estimates. Of 
course, Israel, more concerned than most about the nuclear threat, warned the world of what would happen if Iran developed a nuclear weapon. 
Last week, after lengthy negotia-
tions, the President announced with Iran and the others who sat at the table—P5+1, as they are known in shorthand—that they had reached an agreement with Iran. 
It was interesting to watch the reac-
tion of Members of Congress. There were some Members of Congress who condemned that agreement before it was even released to the public. You see, 47 Members of the other side in the Senate had sent a letter to the Aya-tollah in Iran during the course of ne-gotiations, before any agreement was reached, warning him and his nation not to negotiate with this President of the United States. 
That was unprecedented. That had 
never happened before in American his-tory—when a political party reached out to a sworn enemy of the United States and gave them advice not to speak to our leader. That letter went on to say that even though you think you reached an agreement between Iran and the United States, don’t be misled; ultimately, Congress would have the last word on that agreement. 
It was no surprise in that environ-
ment that so many Senators and Con-gressmen from the other side of the aisle instantaneously condemned this agreement. Some of us decided to take a little time and perhaps reflect on it, read it, and reach out to people who were involved in it. 
I took last week to read the 100-plus 
pages of this agreement and to talk further to our Nation’s top experts, in-cluding the Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz, Secretary of State John Kerry, and others, about this agreement, hop-ing I could come to understand exactly what was being offered by way of stop-ping Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
I am under no illusions about the Ira-
nian regime. Its support for terrorist groups such as Hezbollah and Hamas is well documented, its abysmal human rights record is well known, and its brutal suppression of its own people during the 2009 election in Iran is well documented. 
Iran also continues to hold a number 
of Americans on outrageous charges, including Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and the Washington Post re-porter Jason Rezaian. 
I joined a few years ago, in 2007, with 
Republican Senator Gordon Smith in introducing the Iran Counter-Prolifera-tion Act—key components of which be-came the basis for a strict petroleum sanctions regime that helped bring Iran to the negotiating table. 
I voted for all the key sanctions bills 
against Iran, and I have tried to be a consistent voice for increasing mili-tary assistance to Israel. When I chaired the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I was proud to double the Iron Dome funding request of Israel 
for their own defense of their nation. 
The agreement before us is a com-
prehensive solution to the nuclear weapons issue with Iran. Without a nu-clear weapon to embolden Iran, the agreement allows the United States and its allies to better deter Iran’s de-stabilizing actions. 
Let’s take a reflective moment and 
look at the history—recent history—in the United States. Strong leaders and nations such as the United States meet and talk to their enemies and nego-tiate when it is in their national inter-est. 
It was John Kennedy who said: ‘‘We 
should never negotiate out of fear, but we should never fear to negotiate.’’ 
These kinds of negotiations aren’t an 
example of weakness but in most cases are an example of strength, and some-times the benefits aren’t obvious im-mediately; they are realized over time. It is simply common sense. It has been the practice of this Nation, America, for generations, regardless of who is President, to meet and try to negotiate for a more peaceful world. Throughout our history, American leaders have successfully and aggressively used di-plomacy, Presidents of both political parties. 
In 1962, the Cuban Missile Crisis. We 
faced the prospect of a nuclear war, a standoff with the nation, where we knew and they knew they had the ca-pacity to detonate a nuclear weapon in the United States. Few realize how close we came to a nuclear confronta-tion. 
There were many hawks in Wash-
ington during President John Ken-nedy’s administration who said let’s take them on. Some even suggested a full invasion of Cuba, but John Ken-nedy wisely pursued a careful balance of strength and diplomacy, using a blockade and negotiations to bring us back from the brink. 
Few people knew the Kennedy admin-
istration was secretly negotiating with the Soviets while the Cuban Missile Crisis was unfolding, and ultimately President Kennedy agreed to remove American nuclear-armed Jupiter mis-siles from Turkey and Italy as part of an agreement that Soviet Premier Khrushchev remove Soviet nuclear missiles from Cuba. 
Are we going to say now in reflection 
that John Kennedy should never have negotiated during this crisis because the Soviets were out to destabilize the world and to spread communism? 
Let’s not forget when John Kennedy 
entered into this negotiation, the So-viet Union had not only placed nuclear missiles in Cuba—they were in the process of placing them—but it was oc-cupying Eastern Europe and trying to spread communism around the world. The bloody Korean war, where my two brothers served in the U.S. Navy, was a war in which the Soviets helped the North Koreans against the United States. Yet we sat down and negotiated with the Soviet Union. Fast forward a few years. In 1972, 
then-President Nixon traveled to Com-munist Red China to begin establishing normalized relations. China wasn’t a friend of the United States. It was a key supporter of the North Viet-namese, who were ruthlessly fighting 
and killing U.S. forces in Vietnam at that same time. 
In fact, during Nixon’s visit with 
then-Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai, China was sending more weapons to the North Vietnamese. This was happening even while Nixon was asking China to end its support for the North Viet-namese. 
China’s regime was also fomenting 
Communist revolutionary movements in Asia, including Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand—all against the U.S. in-terests. 
Domestically, in China, Chinese lead-
er Mao Zedong had persecuted millions of his own people as part of the brutal Cultural Revolution. I recognize, as President Nixon did then, that it is hard to enter into negotiations with a regime as nefarious as China, and just as with Iran today, many conservatives denounced Republican President Nixon for doing so. However, as China’s sphere of influence grew and relations between the United States and the So-viet Union deteriorated, many in both parties—including President Nixon— recognized it was time to change. 
Nelson Rockefeller, President Nix-
on’s rival for the Republican nomina-tion in 1968, called for more contact and communication. It was former Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a Demo-crat, who proposed the building of bridges to the people of mainland China. Then-Senator Ted Kennedy rec-ognized President Nixon’s diplomatic efforts toward China as a ‘‘magnificent gesture.’’ Other Members of the Demo-cratic-controlled Congress agreed. 
There was a time when foreign policy 
was bipartisan. There was a time when Democrats would speak up defending a Republican President, even when the most conservative Members of his own party were condemning him. 
Over time, President Nixon’s decision 
paid dividends in America’s interest. China moderated its foreign policy and established better relations with our country. 
These relations aren’t perfect, but we 
know we made progress and we are in negotiations. China sat with us on the same side of the table trying to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
More recently in the late 1980s, Presi-
dent Ronald Reagan began discussions with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev on the possibility of nuclear arms re-ductions. It was inconceivable when 
those talks started in October of 1986 that they could really negotiate. Who would imagine that these two coun-tries, the United States and the Soviet Union, with thousands of nuclear war-heads pointed at one another, could ac-tually sit down and reach an agree-ment limiting the use of nuclear weap-ons? The Cold War was far from over at that time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5193 July 21, 2015 
In 1979 Soviet forces invaded Afghani-
stan and continued to attempt to spread communism. That led President Carter to halt efforts to negotiate the SALT II Strategic Arms Limitations Treaty. The list of Soviet aggression at 
that moment in time was lengthy. Yet it was President Ronald Reagan who said he would sit down and negotiate with the Soviet Union. 
I have an excerpt here from the Janu-
ary 17, 1988, New York Times about the opposition Ronald Reagan faced in ne-gotiating an arms agreement with the Soviet Union. It may sound familiar to what we are hearing today about Presi-dent Obama’s efforts in Iran. 
Already, right-wing groups . . . have 
mounted a strong campaign against the INF treaty. They have mailed out close to 300,000 letters opposing it. They have circulated 5,000 cassette recordings of Gen. Bernard Rogers, former Supreme Commander of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, attack-ing it. And finally, they are preparing to run newspaper ads this month savaging Reagan as a new Neville Chamberlain, signing an ac-cord with Hitler and gullibly predicting ‘‘peace for our time.’’ 
These were conservative Republican 
critics of President Ronald Reagan, who was negotiating with the Soviet Union to try to limit the spread of nu-clear weapons and was being likened to Neville Chamberlain. Does that sound familiar? 
In May of 1987, the conservative Na-
tional Review magazine had a cover with the title ‘‘Reagan’s Suicide Pact.’’ 
President Reagan eventually agreed 
with then-Secretary of State Schultz that arms control could and would im-prove U.S. national security. 
In December of 1987, Reagan and 
Gorbachev signed the Intermediate- Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, commit-ting the two superpowers to eliminate all of their nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with ranges of 500 to 5,500 kilo-meters. This treaty, the Reagan-Gorba-chev Soviet Union arms control treaty, was one of the first to rely on extensive onsite negotiations for verification. 
Do you remember who coined the 
phrase ‘‘trust but verify’’? It was Ron-ald Reagan in his negotiations with the Soviet Union. It took 5 months after Ronald Reagan reached this agreement for this Chamber to vote 93 to 5 in favor of that treaty at a time when the Democrats had a majority. I could go through the long list of Democratic Senators who supported President Ron-ald Reagan in his efforts to try to cre-ate a more peaceful world. 
Ultimately, because of that agree-
ment, more than 2,000 short-, medium-, and intermediate-range mis-siles were destroyed. Our relationship with the Soviet Union didn’t improve overnight, and we certainly still have our problems with them today. But going back to what I said earlier, the Russians sat on the same side of the table as the United States in this nego-tiation for this agreement to end the threat, or at least delay the threat, of nuclear power and nuclear weapons in Iran. Imagine if 47 Senators, during the 
course of Ronald Reagan’s negotiation with Gorbachev, had written in the middle of those negotiations to Mr. 
Gorbachev and said: Ignore President Ronald Reagan; don’t negotiate with him because we are not going to accept it here in Congress. If that had hap-pened, there would have been cries of treason for sending that kind of letter. It didn’t happen. Those were the days when there was a bipartisan approach to foreign policy in the United States. 
Today we have a chance and an op-
portunity with Iran that hasn’t pre-sented itself for more than 30 years— the opportunity to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. It is not going to solve all the problems with Iran overnight, but it does solve, I be-lieve, one critical problem. The agree-ment retains U.S. freedom of action to counter Iran in any part of the world. 
After all, if Ronald Reagan didn’t 
stop trying to counter Soviet actions after negotiating an arms treaty with Gorbachev, President Obama will not and should not stop working to dimin-ish Iran’s influence after this agree-ment. 
I am under no illusions that for some 
period Iran did pursue a nuclear bomb. If that had happened, it would have been disastrous. And I am under no il-lusions that Iran lied in the past about these efforts. I know they did. But the agreement reached last week provides unprecedented safeguards and inspec-tions to prevent Iran from building nu-clear weapons now or in the future. 
The United States and its allies are 
strong enough to enter into this agree-ment, not because Iran is suddenly trustworthy or an open democracy but because it serves our national security interests to do it. 
Secretary of State John Kerry, Sec-
retary of Energy Ernest Moniz, and Under Secretary of State Wendy Sher-man negotiated this agreement with a single focus: Prevent Iran from getting any closer to obtaining a nuclear weap-on. They achieved that goal, and that is why I am supporting this effort by the President to bring a more stable and peaceful situation to the Middle East. 
To appreciate the magnitude of their 
challenge, let’s step back and take stock of Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram as it is today before this agree-ment goes in place. Iran currently has enough nuclear material to make 10 nuclear weapons. It has more than 19,000 centrifuges, many of which are more advanced and powerful. Imme-diately prior to the interim agreement with the P5+1, Iran was enriching its uranium to 20 percent. The breakout time—the time it would take for Iran to develop a nuclear weapon—was esti-mated to be 3 months. It was an incred-ibly large and dangerous nuclear capa-bility, growing at a significant rate, and virtually unconstrained. That is what this President inherited from the previous administration. 
But thanks to this effort, this agree-
ment cuts off every single one of Iran’s potential pathways to a bomb. It 
shrinks major portions of their nuclear infrastructure. It eliminates many parts of it. It extends the breakout time to at least 1 year. Should Iran re-nege on this and decide they are going forward with a nuclear weapon, we be-lieve that under this agreement it will take them at least a year to achieve it—a year in which we can put pressure and more, if necessary. 
The agreement reduces Iran’s ura-
nium stockpile by 98 percent, cuts its number of centrifuges by more than two-thirds, and for the next 15 years, caps its enrichment at 3.67 percent. It prevents Iran’s underground facility at Fordow from being used for uranium enrichment. 
Iran is required to change its heavy 
water reactor at Arak so that it can no longer produce weapons-grade pluto-nium. How will we know? Because we are helping to design and to monitor the fuel in and out of this facility and verifying it every step of the way. 
All of us have deep suspicions about 
Iran’s nuclear ambitions, and we should. What if they try to build a se-cret facility? Well, our negotiating team, led by an extraordinary man, Secretary of Energy Moniz, designed a verification plan with no exits. Our team thought long and hard over the last 2 years about how we might be able to stop cheating. For every poten-tial technique, they embedded a coun-termeasure in the text of the agree-ment. 
This weekend Secretary Moniz ex-
plained that it would be ‘‘virtually im-possible’’ to hide nuclear activities under this agreement. It is the strong-est nuclear verification system ever imposed on a peaceful nation. Its end result is that Iran will not be able to do anything of significance without being caught. And going back to Ron-ald Reagan, our inspectors will be on the ground. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 5 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. This agreement re-
quires the IAEA to have 24/7 access to all of Iran’s declared nuclear facilities. This means in-person inspectors, re-mote cameras, tamperproof seals—all of the world’s most sophisticated de-tection technologies. As one nuclear expert commented last week, ‘‘If a rat enters a nuclear facility [in Iran], we will know it.’’ 
Critically, this intrusive monitoring 
goes all the way into the nuclear sup-ply chain, from uranium mines to cen-trifuge production. We cover it all in this agreement. 
It will allow IAEA inspectors to fol-
low every ounce of uranium from the ground to its final destination, and every piece of nuclear infrastructure from its creation to its use. If Iran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5194 July 21, 2015 
tries to divert anything to a covert fa-
cility, we will know. 
This agreement also sets up a dedi-
cated procurement channel. Any dual- use item Iran wants to purchase from the international community must go through this channel. 
The U.S. and its allies have a veto 
over such purchases. It makes it al-most impossible for Iran to import anything of benefit to a nuclear weap-ons program. 
Lastly, Iran must also abide by the 
Additional Protocol forever. This al-lows the IAEA to have access to non- nuclear sites in a timely fashion, in as little as 2 hours. The agreement also requires any disputes over access to these non-nuclear sites to be resolved in short order. If not, Iran would be in violation of its commitments and sanc-tions could quickly snap back. 
Critics have complained about the 
time period our nuclear experts nego-tiated. But as Secretary Moniz and many others with Ph.D.’s have pointed out, uranium has a half-life of 4.5 bil-lion years. It doesn’t disappear like in-visible ink. It cannot be cleaned up in a matter of weeks. If Iran cheats, we will know. 
President Reagan was correct to ne-
gotiate with the Soviets when there were strategic openings and President Obama is doing the same thing with the Iranians. The potential benefits of this deal are too significant, and the costs of not doing so too high, to just walk away. 
If we walked away, the international 
sanctions regime would crumble and Iran would have few if any restrictions on its program. Imposing more sanc-tions or simply bombing Iran today would create an even greater security risk to the region. 
In fact, if we bombed Iran today, it 
would almost certainly withdraw from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and kick out inspectors. As soon as that happens, Iran’s nationalistic back-lash would almost assure that the re-gime would build a nuclear bomb. Over the longer term, if Iran were to fail or cheat despite its international commit-ment, we retain the right to use mili-tary force and we would be in a much better position internationally to do so. And accepting this deal does noth-ing to stop the U.S. and allied efforts from countering Iran’s behavior else-where in the world. Key sanctions on Iran’s support for terrorist groups will remain in place. Our support for re-gional allies will remain strong, if not stronger. And, critically, an Iran deter-mined to destabilize parts of the Mid-dle East with a nuclear weapon in its arsenal, will no longer be an option. 
No doubt this is why some 60 of the 
most respected names in foreign pol-icy, Democrats and Republicans alike, recently wrote in support of this agree-ment. Those signing included Sec-retary of State Madeleine Albright; Secretary of Defense William Perry; Secretary of the Treasury Paul O’Neill; National Security Advisors Zbigniew Brzezinski and Brent Scowcroft; Under 
Secretaries of State Nicholas Burns and Thomas Pickering; U.S. Ambas-sadors Ryan Crocker and Stuart Eizenstat; U.S. Senators Tom Daschle, Carl Levin, George Mitchell, Nancy Landon Kassebaum, and many others. We should do the same and support this agreement in the Senate. 
I see the Senator from South Dakota 
is here, and I will wrap up. 
Let me conclude. When I sat down to 
read this agreement—and I don’t know how many of my colleagues have—I was struck on the third page with this statement in the agreement with Iran: Iran reaffirms that under no cir-cumstances will Iran ever seek, develop or acquire any nuclear weapon. That is quite a statement. It was our goal at this negotiation. Do I believe it? Some, but I have my doubts. That is why we had to have an inspections regime from the Iranian mines right through the production facilities. That is why we had to dramatically cut back on their capacity to build weapons-grade fuel, and that is why this agreement is now—most of the countries believe— moving us in the right direction in Iran. 
There are critics. We heard a lot of 
them here in the Senate. There isn’t a single critic who has stepped up with a better idea. They said: Well, let’s go back to the sanctions regime. The countries that joined us in that sanc-tions regime did it to bring Iran to the negotiating table, and it worked. They now have an agreement they believe in and we should believe in too. To think that we are going to renew sanctions or place unilateral sanctions—that to me is not likely to occur if Iran lives up to the terms of this agreement. 
I will add the other alternative. We 
know the cost of war. We know it in human lives, we know it in the casual-ties that return, and we know it in the cost to the American people. Given a choice between the invasion of Iran or working in a diplomatic fashion toward a negotiation so we can lessen this threat in the world, I think President Obama made the right choice. 
I support this administration’s deci-
sion to go forward with this agreement. I will be adding my vote to the many in the Senate in the hopes that we can see a new day dawning and in the hopes too that like President Nixon and Presi-dent Reagan and even like other Presi-dents before us who have sat down to negotiate with our enemies, at the end of the day we will be a safer and stronger nation because of it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I will 
speak about the Iran nuclear agree-ment in just a moment. But before I do that, I will briefly talk about the legis-lation before us on the floor, and that is the reauthorization of the highway bill, which is something we have to do 
on a fairly regular basis around here. Every so many years the authority to spend out of the highway trust fund ex-pires, and we can’t fund the infrastruc-ture needs that our country has in terms of roads, bridges, construction, maintenance, and all of those things that are so important to our competi-tive economy. 
This week we have an opportunity to 
do something that hasn’t been done around here in a long time, and that is to fund a multiyear highway bill. The reason that is important is because people who rely upon highway funding that comes through the highway trust fund need to be able to make plans. State departments of transportation, those who are involved in the construc-tion, such as contractors, and all the people who are involved and the jobs that are associated with this process need the certainty that comes with a long-term bill. 
Today I was told that there have 
been 33 short-term extensions over the last few years since the last long-term highway bill was passed, I believe, somewhere around the 2005 timeframe. I was part of that. I was a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee at the time. I worked on highway bills as far back as my days in the House of Representatives, when I served on the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee. This is some-thing that we have to do here on a reg-ular basis if we are going to ensure that we have a competitive infrastruc-ture in this country suitable to moving people and goods in a way that keeps our economy moving forward and grow-ing. That is why, in my view, when we have an opportunity to get a multiyear bill, we shouldn’t pass on it. 
If we continue to pass 6-month and 1- 
year extensions, all we are simply doing is kicking the can down the road. I would say that 33 short-term exten-sions is not a very good way to run a railroad and certainly not a very good way to run a highway program. 
I know there are going to be dif-
ferences. The committee that I chair, the commerce committee, was involved with marking up portions of the high-way bill that pertained to highway safety and some railroad provisions and other items that would be included in this bill. We worked on that through the weekend, and I think we addressed many of the concerns that Members on both sides had, and I feel very good about where that part of the bill is. I worked as a member of the Finance Committee and tried to find ways to pay for this. 
If we can get a multiyear bill in place 
that provides the certainty, the pre-dictability, and the reliability that we need in our highway funding process in this country, it would be a very good thing. As we all know, it is incredibly important to economic growth and to jobs. The certainty that comes with a long-term bill is something that we all ought to strive for. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.008 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5195 July 21, 2015 
So I hope, notwithstanding the dif-
ferences that exist in the vote we had earlier, that tomorrow when we take up this legislation again we will get the votes that are necessary to proceed to the bill and begin to move forward with the process in the hopes that we might get something to the House that they might be able to act on and then we can get it to the President’s desk. Then, at least for the foreseeable fu-ture, we can get this issue dealt with so we don’t have to come back and do this every 6 months or every 3 months or whatever those 33 extensions have consisted of over the past few years. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, former 
President Jimmy Carter was recently asked about President Obama’s suc-cesses on the world stage. He said in re-sponse: 
I think they’ve been minimal. . . . [O]n the 
world stage, just to be as objective about it as I can, I can’t think of many nations in the world where we have a better relationship now than we did when he took over. 
He went on to say: 
If you look at Russia, if you look at Eng-
land, if you look at China, if you look at Egypt and so forth—I’m not saying it’s his fault—but we have not improved our rela-tionship with individual countries and I would say that the United States influence and prestige and respect in the world is prob-ably lower now than it was six or seven years ago. 
That is former President Jimmy Car-
ter describing current President Obama’s foreign policies. Unfortu-nately, that is an accurate assessment of President Obama’s rocky history on foreign policy. 
Last week’s deal with Iran does not 
look likely to improve the President’s record of minimal success on the world stage. Last week the administration announced that the United States— along with five other nations—had reached an agreement with Iran that the administration claims will prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. The contents of the agreement, how-ever, were met with skepticism and concern from a number of quarters. 
Former Senator and Democratic 
Presidential candidate Jim Webb said that the deal sends a signal that ‘‘we, the United States, are accepting the eventuality that they will acquire a nuclear weapon.’’ 
The senior Senator from New Jersey 
said, ‘‘The bottom line is: The deal doesn’t end Iran’s nuclear program—it preserves it.’’ 
The Washington Post noted that 
Tehran ‘‘fought for, and won, some troubling compromises’’ on inspec-tions, especially considering Iran’s record of violations. The Post also pointed out what many Republicans have noted—that ‘‘Mr. Obama settled for terms far short of those he origi-nally aimed for.’’ 
Israel, the only functioning democ-
racy in the Middle East, called this deal a ‘‘historic mistake,’’ and neigh-
boring countries like Saudi Arabia ex-pressed concern that this agreement may actually increase the threat Iran poses to their security. 
Then, of course, there was Iran’s re-
action. Iran’s President hailed the agreement, while Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei praised negotiators. 
Lest anyone think this marked a 
softening of Iran’s attitude toward the United States, however, Khamenei em-phasized that ‘‘our policy toward the arrogant U.S. government won’t change at all.’’ Echoing the chants coming from the people, he stated, ‘‘You heard ‘Death to Israel,’ ‘Death to the U.S.’ . . . we ask Almighty God to accept these prayers by the people of Iran.’’ 
These are not the words of a reliable 
partner. These are the words of the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism. 
There is good reason to be concerned 
about this agreement. This deal not only fails to provide reassurance that Iran will not acquire a nuclear weapon, it may actually enhance Iran’s chances of acquiring a bomb. 
For starters, this deal fails to include 
any adequate method of verifying that Iran is complying with the agreement. Time and time again, Iran has made it clear that it cannot be trusted to com-ply with any deal. Iran has a history of building nuclear facilities in secret. The enrichment facility at Fordow, which will remain in place as part of this agreement, is just one example of an enrichment facility that was origi-nally hidden from the outside world. The fact that Iran cannot be relied on to follow the outlines of an agreement means that verification—specifically, ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspections of suspicious sites—is an essential part of any credible deal. But the final deal that emerged doesn’t come close to en-suring anytime, anywhere inspections. It does provide for 24/7 inspections of Iran’s currently known nuclear sites, but it forces inspectors to request ac-cess to any other site they deem sus-picious. Iran can refuse requests, and appealing those refusals could take close to a month, leaving the Iranians plenty of time to hide evidence of sus-picious activity. 
Forcing Iran to dismantle its nuclear 
infrastructure and halt uranium en-richment would have provided some as-surance that Iran’s quest for a bomb had been halted. But the nuclear agree-ment the administration helped reach doesn’t require Iran to dismantle any of its nuclear infrastructure. The agreement does require Iran to take some of its centrifuges offline, but they do not have to be removed or disman-tled—simply put into storage. 
The agreement also explicitly allows 
Iran to continue enriching uranium. While it prohibits Iran from enriching uranium to the level required for a nu-clear weapon, the restriction is of lim-ited value considering that Iran retains the equipment and production capacity 
it would need to build a bomb. 
I haven’t even mentioned other areas 
of concern with this agreement. 
In exchange for Iran’s agreeing to— 
supposedly—stop its effort to acquire a nuclear weapon, billions of dollars in Iranian assets will be unfrozen and the sanctions that have crippled the Ira-nian economy will be lifted. Right now, despite its struggling economy, Iran manages to provide funding and other support to Syria’s oppressive govern-ment, to Hezbollah in Lebanon, Hamas in the Gaza Strip, to Houthi rebels in Yemen, and to militias in Iraq. It is not hard to imagine what it will do with the billions of dollars it will gain access to under this agreement. 
The deal negotiators reached with 
Iran will also expand Iranian access to conventional weapons and interconti-nental ballistic missiles, which are generally used as a vehicle for the de-livery of nuclear weapons. While the deal does temporarily extend restric-tions on the import of these weapons, it does so for just 5 years in the case of conventional weapons and for just 8 years in the case of ballistic missiles. That means that in as few as 8 years, Iran will be able to purchase a ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead. 
Obviously, there is a lot to be con-
cerned about when it comes to this deal, and after the agreement was re-leased last week, both Democrats and Republicans expressed the desire to ex-amine those provisions and hear from members of the administration. So what did the President do? He declared that the agreement was a triumph of diplomacy and took immediate action to send the bill to the United Nations for a vote. That is right. The President didn’t wait to hear from Members of Congress or the American people; he just went ahead and asked the United Nations for its approval. In other words, the President unilaterally com-mitted the United States to supporting the deal without knowing whether the United States Congress or the Amer-ican people are in favor of the agree-ment. This is especially disappointing considering that just 2
1⁄2months ago, 
Democrats and Republicans in the Sen-ate voted overwhelmingly to require that the President submit full details of any nuclear agreement to Congress before it could be agreed to. The Presi-dent signed this legislation—the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act—into law on May 22, but apparently he feels free to ignore the spirit, if not the let-ter, of the act. 
When word emerged that the Presi-
dent was going to send a resolution di-rectly to the U.N. without waiting for the American people or Congress to weigh in, both Democrats and Repub-licans asked the President to hold off. Democrats who requested that the President wait to submit the agree-ment included the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, who characterized the White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5196 July 21, 2015 
House’s decision as ‘‘somewhat pre-
sumptuous,’’ and the Democratic whip in the House of Representatives, who said, ‘‘I believe that waiting to go to the United Nations until such time as Congress has acted would be consistent with the intent and substance of the Nuclear Agreement Review Act.’’ 
Circumventing elected Members of 
Congress to gain the U.N.’s approval before Congress has had a chance to re-view the agreement suggests that the President has a higher regard for the United Nation’s opinion than for the opinion of the American people. 
President Obama is apparently bet-
ting on the chance that in 10 years’ time, Iran’s views toward the rest of the world will have changed and will no longer be seeking death to Israel and America or furthering terrorism in the Middle East. It is a nice notion, but nothing in Iran’s history of terrorism, violence, and deceit suggests it is a sce-nario that is likely to come to pass. And if it doesn’t happen, as a result of this agreement, Iran will be in a much better position to develop a nuclear weapon than it is today, as even the supporters of this deal acknowledge, not to mention that Iran will be in a position to purchase the missiles nec-essary to deliver nuclear weapons to lo-cations in the Middle East and beyond. 
During negotiations on this deal, it 
became obvious that the President was determined to make reaching an agree-ment with Iran his legacy. It is pos-sible that he will get his wish, but it may not be the legacy he wanted. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak in morning business for 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, as 
the Presiding Officer knows, as he has suffered through a considerable number of them, this is the 107th time I have come to the floor to urge my col-leagues to wake up to the threat of cli-mate change. All over the United States, State by State by State, we are already seeing the real effects of car-bon pollution. We see it in our atmos-phere, we see it in our oceans, and we see it in our weather, in habitats, and in species. 
The American people see it. Two- 
thirds of Americans, including half of Republicans, favor government action to reduce global warming, and two- thirds, including half of Republicans, would be more likely to vote for a can-didate who campaigns on fighting cli-
mate change. 
Polling from the Florida Atlantic 
University shows that more than 73 percent of U.S. Hispanics—a pretty key voting block—think global warming is a serious problem. Sixty-two percent of Republican Hispanics are concerned about this. And I have said this before: If you ask Republican voters under the age of 35, they will tell us that climate denial is ‘‘out of touch,’’ ‘‘ignorant,’’ or ‘‘crazy.’’ Those are the words they se-lected in the poll—not my words. 
So we might expect Presidential 
hopefuls to incorporate climate action into their campaign platforms. We might expect the Republican can-didates to address this problem in an honest and straightforward manner. But we would be wrong. What have we seen from the Presidential hopefuls? These candidates avoid any serious talk of climate change even as their own home States face climate and ocean disruptions. 
So in the weeks ahead, I will take a 
look at the Presidential candidates on climate change and what is up in their home States. Today I will look at Flor-ida, home to 20 million Americans, in-cluding two of the top Republican Pres-idential candidates. 
A swing State with 29 electoral votes, 
Florida is a major political prize. Flor-ida is also ground zero for climate change. With over 1,200 miles of coast-line, Florida is uniquely vulnerable, for instance, to sea level rise. So what do Florida’s two Presidential candidates have to say about climate change? Well, it seems they are not sure. 
‘‘I don’t think the science is clear of 
what percentage is man-made and what percentage is natural. It’s convoluted,’’ says former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. 
‘‘[T]here’s never been a moment where the 
climate is not changing,’’ says Florida’s jun-
ior Senator. ‘‘The question is: what percent-age of that . . . is due to human activity?’’ 
Scientists tell us that warming is 
‘‘unequivocal’’—that is a strong word for scientists to use, unequivocal—and that human activity is the dominant cause of the changes we have seen—in-deed, the only plausibly valid expla-nation. 
Both Presidential hopefuls from Flor-
ida have invoked the now classic denial line ‘‘I am not a scientist.’’ Well, good thing, then, that we are not elected to be scientists. We are elected to listen to them. And if these two Floridians were listening to their own best sci-entists, they would learn a lot. 
In fact, 42 scientists from Florida col-
leges and universities wrote an open letter to Florida State officials. ‘‘It is crucial for policymakers to under-stand,’’ they wrote, ‘‘that human activ-ity is affecting the composition of the atmosphere which will lead to adverse effects on human economies, health and well being’’—not so convoluted after all. 
The letter continued: 
The problem of climate change is not a hy-
pothetical. Thousands of scientists have studied the issue from a variety of angles 
and disciplines over many decades. Those of us signing this statement have spent hun-dreds of years combined studying this prob-lem, not from any partisan political perspec-tive, but as scientists—seekers of evidence and explanations. As a result, we feel unique-ly qualified to assist policymakers in finding solutions to adapt and mitigate so we can protect the people of this state and their en-terprises and property. 
So it is OK if we are not scientists. 
The scientists are there to help. They have offered to, and they understand this. 
While my Senate colleague from 
Florida is unsure about his own home State climate science, he seems quite certain about the economics of policies to curb carbon pollution, such as cap and trade. ‘‘I can tell you with cer-tainty,’’ he has said, ‘‘it would have a devastating impact on our economy.’’ 
I would suggest that the Senator 
from Florida take a closer look at the facts because his position on these two issues boils down to wrong and wrong-er. I know this because my home State is one of nine Northeastern States that require utilities to buy carbon emis-sions allowances. We are actually doing it. The proceeds are directed back into the regional economy through things such as energy efficiency investments and renewable energy projects. And we have the results. The results are in. Just from 2012 to 2014, the program generated $1.3 billion in economic ben-efits for New England, and it saved consumers over $400 million in energy costs. This climate solution was a boost to the economy, and it cut car-bon dioxide emissions in the region by a quarter. 
The Republican candidates from 
Florida are running against the facts and they are running against the opin-ions of experts and local leaders in their own home State. In a June 19 edi-torial, the Sun Sentinel praised Pope Francis’s recent encyclical on climate change and its call to swift action, be-cause of the threat climate change poses to South Florida. The editors wrote that ‘‘the Pope’s declaration puts pressure on [the candidates] . . . because they are Floridians . . . and because they aspire to be national lead-ers.’’ The editors continue: ‘‘Can-didates who aspire to be inclusive, ef-fective leaders cannot see . . . science through a political lens.’’ That is the Sun Sentinel. 
Archbishop Thomas Wenski of the 
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami explained Pope Francis’s message to the Miami Herald. ‘‘What the Pope is saying is, ‘Let’s talk about this,’’’ the archbishop said. ‘‘And that requires— whether you’re a Democrat or Repub-lican or left or right—it requires that you transcend your particular interest or ideological lens and look at the issue from the common good.’’ 
For Florida, that common good is 
imperiled by climate change. South Florida has seen almost 1 foot of sea level rise in the last 100 years. The Southeast Florida Regional Climate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5197 July 21, 2015 
Compact is a bipartisan coalition—Re-
publicans and Democrats—of four South Florida counties. Those four South Florida counties predict that the waters around southeast Florida could surge up to another 2 feet in less than 50 years. Our children will live to see that. 
I visited Florida on my climate tour 
last year. I heard firsthand about the threats climate change poses to the Sunshine State from Glenn Landers, senior engineer at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Everglades Division. En-gineer Landers has worked on water re-sources and restoration projects in Florida for nearly 20 years. This is the map he used to show me what just 2 feet of sea level rise means for South Florida. What it means for South Flor-ida is there is a lot less of South Flor-ida above water. 
Florida is home to some of the coun-
try’s top universities and research in-stitutions. The Florida Climate Insti-tute is a network of scientists and re-search programs from eight univer-sities, including the University of Flor-ida, Florida State, and the University of Miami. The Florida Climate Insti-tute is dedicated to ‘‘climate research in service of society.’’ These are some of Florida’s brightest minds. 
Recognizing businesses’ and commu-
nities’ need for useful data and solu-tions that are based on Florida’s unique characteristics, the Florida Cli-mate Institute publishes research to help improve understanding of the in-creasing climate variability in Florida. If Florida’s leaders respond responsibly to the changing climate, writes the group, ‘‘Florida is well positioned to become a center of excellence for cli-mate change research and education and a test bed for innovations in cli-mate adaptation.’’ 
Well, responsible officials in Florida 
are already taking action. My friend the senior Senator from Florida took the Senate commerce committee to Miami Beach town hall to examine the dangers posed by rising seas. The Miami Herald said this about Senator N
ELSON ’s efforts to raise awareness 
about the threat to his State: 
South Florida owes [Senator] Nelson its 
thanks for shining a bright light on this issue. Everyone from local residents to elect-ed officials should follow his lead, turning awareness of this major environmental issue into action. It is critical to saving our re-gion. 
In Fort Lauderdale, Mayor Jack 
Seiler is working with NOAA and State and Broward County officials and the South Florida Regional Planning Coun-cil to protect his city from flooding and climate change. Yet on climate change, Florida’s own Presidential can-didates have got nothing. Zero. No plan. 
Miami Beach Mayor Philip Levine 
showed me the huge pumps his city has installed to pump out the floodwaters that come in on high tides from the ris-ing seas and with storms. Each pump can move 14,000 gallons of water per minute. Imagine that. But Florida’s 
Presidential candidates have no plan. 
The mayor of Monroe County, Sylvia 
Murphy, a Republican, has put climate and energy policy at the heart of her 20-year growth plan for the county. Why? Her county covers all of the Flor-ida Keys and some of the Everglades. She is going to lose a lot of it if we don’t get ahead of this, and she also sees what is happening to her reefs off-shore. 
Yet, despite the overwhelming con-
sensus of scientists in their own State, Florida’s Republican Presidential can-didates have got nothing. The junior Senator from Florida even suggested that we should wait for China to take action before we address this problem. 
The junior Senator from Florida, on 
foreign policy, has spoken often about the need for American leadership on issues of global importance, saying, for instance, that America must ‘‘continue to hold this torch’’ of peace and lib-erty. Earlier this year, Jeb Bush echoed that sentiment, saying, ‘‘Amer-ican leadership projected consistently and grounded in principle has been a benefit to the world.’’ Well, fine words, but where is their leadership on cli-mate change? They got nothing. 
It is our responsibility as a great na-
tion to set an example for others to fol-low, not to sit back and wait for others to act. Failing to act on climate change would both dim our own na-tional torch and give other nations an excuse for delay. Failure, with the stakes this high, becomes an argument for our enemies against our very model of government. As Pope Francis said, ‘‘The world will not forget this failure of conscience and responsibility.’’ We will own that. 
The question is why Republican Pres-
idential candidates refuse to engage on climate change. They ignore their own home State universities. They ignore their own home State mayors, local of-ficials. They ignore their own home State engineers. Why? Why, when the evidence is so plain? Why the pretense that climate solutions are bad for the economy when actual experience proves that is not true? Why the pre-tense? Why can’t they credibly speak about America’s responsibility to lead? Why would they have us ignore one of the most pressing national and global issues of our time? 
All I can hope, for their sake and for 
ours, is that they soon wake up. 
I yield the floor. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask to 
speak for up to 5 minutes in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
f 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL 
PROTECTION BUREAU 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, 5 years 
ago today, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Act. Fol-lowing the 2008 financial crisis, Wash-ington passed this 2,300-page bill, cre-ating more burdensome regulations 
that did not solve the crisis, and, in many ways, made it worse. You are going to hear a lot about the failures of the Dodd-Frank Act over the next few years. 
From what was intended to rein in 
five major banks who led us into trou-ble in the 2008 crisis, has created unin-tended consequences today that are af-fecting thousands of small town re-gional banks across our country. I rise today to speak about one agency cre-ated by the Dodd-Frank law, the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB. While many Americans may not have heard of the CFPB before, they will in the future. This agency touches every aspect of people’s lives, from credit card records, mortgage ap-plications, student loans, and car sales to much more. 
The CFPB seemingly knows more 
about American consumers than we know about the very agency that is supposed to be protecting them. Ac-cording to a report by the Government Accountability Office, every month the CFPB scrubs data on credit card trans-actions, debit card transactions, con-sumer mortgage loans, car loans, and hundreds of thousands of other per-sonal financial information. This leads to several questions. Why are they col-lecting this information in the first place? How does collecting credit card statements help protect consumers? How secure is all of this data? 
Unfortunately, we know very little 
about what the CFPB is doing with all of this sensitive information, except looking for additional opportunities to regulate. Remember, before 2009 we al-ready had six prudential regulators mandated, among other things, to pro-tect the consumer. Yet as a result of 2008, instead of streamlining and con-solidating, we actually added a seventh prudential regulator charged with con-sumer protection, the CFPB. 
Today, the CFPB operates on top of 
the existing regulators, in addition to—not in replacement of—these agen-cies, and duplicating efforts among these other agencies. By design, Dodd- Frank ensured that the CFPB does not have the same oversight control as other agencies. Currently, Congress does not even have control over how the Bureau spends its funds or is even appropriated. 
The CFPB operates outside the reg-
ular appropriations process of Con-gress, which other independent agen-cies, such as the Securities and Ex-change Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and others, are all subject to. Why would any government agency with access to that much con-sumer data be unaccountable to Con-gress? Recently, I introduced legisla-tion to help shed more light on this agency and bring the CFPB under the appropriations process of the Congress. The sheer volume of consumer data being collected by the CFPB is con-cerning and ripe for abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5198 July 21, 2015 
In fact, the GAO and the Federal Re-
serve inspector general both have warned about the need for increased se-curity. Without full congressional oversight, how can we be sure this con-sumer data is secure? What kind of records does the CFPB keep? How would we know if it has been com-promised? We have already seen the devastating effect of data breaches all over our Federal Government, and the damage it is doing to the American people across all sectors of our govern-ment, including the most recent OPM data breach, impacting millions of Americans and some of our intelligence assets abroad. 
We have seen the potential exposure 
of extremely sensitive national secu-rity information. Also, we recently had a debate about privacy regarding the NSA metadata program. Many of my colleagues expressed outrage for the scope of the NSA program, even when the mission was protecting national se-curity. We are now talking about an agency collecting massive amounts of personal consumer data, many times more data than the NSA program. 
The CFPB’s goal claims to be con-
sumer protection. For all we know, this information they are collecting is even more susceptible to security threats and security breaches. If there is one thing we can agree upon, we need to make sure all Americans’ per-sonal information is safe and secure— especially from Washington. If some were upset about privacy in the NSA debate, we should certainly be paying attention to what the CFPB is doing with this personal information today. 
Getting the CFPB under congres-
sional oversight should not be a par-tisan issue. In order to protect con-sumers, we need to know what is going on in the very government agency tasked with protecting them. That is why we need to put in place more transparency—not less—more control, and more oversight. We can start by bringing the CFPB under congressional oversight immediately so we can actu-ally protect consumers and stop the po-tential for abuse, fraud or identity theft. 
While this agency was originally de-
signed to protect consumers, one can only wonder how Washington’s col-lecting so much personal information will actually protect us. I will be speaking much more on this topic as the weeks go by. Let it be said tonight, though, that on the fifth anniversary of Dodd-Frank, we are beginning to look at the unintended consequences of this rogue agency, the CFPB. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
f 
DODD-FRANK ACT 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, first, I 
would like to thank the Senator from Georgia for his outstanding comments. He is truly a great addition to this body and to the Budget Committee, where I have watched him go through 
numbers. I once mentioned that he knew how to balance the budget be-cause he had been in business before, at which point he corrected me and said: In business, you don’t get to just bal-ance the budget. He is very correct on that. 
We are at a point where we cannot af-
ford to just balance the budget. We have to start paying down some of the debt if we expect our kids to ever be able to afford the interest. So I thank him for his comments. I am going to pile on with some more comments about some of those same things. I want to talk about what I have talked about several times over the past 5 years; that is the Dodd-Frank Act, which passed this body 5 years ago today, July 21, 2010. 
This mammoth bill, which totaled 
2,300 pages, has, 5 years later, led to many thousands of pages of rules and regulations. It is estimated that only 238 of the 390 rulemakings required by the law have been completed—millions of pages, and we still only have 238 of 390 rulemakings that the 2,300-page bill required. Theoretically, then, tens of thousands of pages of more regulations can be expected in the coming years— regulations that do not fix too big to fail, regulations that unduly burden our community banks and our credit unions, regulations that cover a host of industries that did not contribute to the financial crisis. And it does com-promise the privacy of Americans. 
I would like to take this opportunity 
to expand on these ideas. First of all, I would like to point out that I actually read the whole bill. I read it. I high-lighted it. I put in colored tabs in dif-ferent sections so I could refer to them easily. Then I talked to my colleagues, and I spoke on the floor to raise con-cerns about the bill roping in indus-tries that did not cause the financial crisis, about the fact that it did not fix too big to fail. I raised a real ruckus about the creation of the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, known as the CFPB, when they were trying to just kind of gloss over it and its ability to collect the financial information of American citizens without their con-sent. 
I filed a simple amendment that 
would have required this Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau to obtain written permission from consumers be-fore collecting their information. Of course, my amendment was not al-lowed a vote and now the CFPB is col-lecting massive amounts of personal fi-nancial data. So here we are 5 years later, and hindsight has proven that many of the concerns I raised during the consideration of this bill were valid. 
I have often said that knee-jerk reac-
tions to legislative form have a very real danger of overcorrecting and caus-ing a myriad of problems. In fact, some people say that if it is worth reacting to, it is worth overreacting to. That is exactly what happened here. We did it through a comprehensive 
bill—2,300 pages. I do not like com-prehensive bills. The purpose of com-prehensive bills is so that they are in-comprehensible, so that people cannot understand them. The best way to leg-islate is to take things in logical pieces and solve that problem in a way that all of America can come along with and understand. 
Those problems are unintended con-
sequences when they are in comprehen-sive bills. In correspondence and con-versation with folks from Wyoming over the years, I have said that I treat all legislation the same. I read it and I consider both intended and what might be unintended consequences of the leg-islation. What I am here to talk about today are some of the consequences of the Dodd-Frank Act after 5 years. 
First, there is the too-big-to-fail 
question. The Dodd-Frank Act was sup-posed to make it so American tax-payers would, according to President Obama, ‘‘never again be asked to foot the bill for Wall Street’s mistakes. . . . there will be no more tax-funded bail-outs—period.’’ 
Dodd-Frank increased capital re-
quirements, it increased liquidity re-quirements, and it has been adding rules and new regulations steadily for the last 5 years. Folks who support the law would say all of those things are good things and make for a more se-cure financial sector. However, one of the contributors to too big to fail was the consolidation of banks and the fi-nancial industry, a byproduct of which was the reduction of the number of smaller community banks that serve small business owners, families, farm-ers, and ranchers, the people who actu-ally know their customers. But thanks to the massive amount of rules and regulations, the Dodd-Frank has re-sulted in the compliance costs for com-munity banks and credit unions going up significantly, and it increased the likelihood of consolidation. That fails the consumer. 
Smaller community banks struggled 
to keep up with the flow of regulations and compliance costs. For example, since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the average compliance cost for larger in-stitutions is about 12 percent of oper-ating costs. For community banks, the cost to comply with the same regula-tions, a one-size-fits-all approach is 2
1⁄2 
times greater, or 30 percent of the oper-ating costs. That is a big bite. 
I was visiting some of those commu-
nity banks and listened to them talk about the different regulations they now had to comply with. One of them had made this magnificent chart so that all of their loan officers could both follow along and make sure they got all of the parts of the procedure that this law had in regulation at that time. Now, they had to hire a compli-ance officer as well. 
They had been able to handle that 
part themselves before. But after they explained all of this to me, I said: Now, let’s see. My wife would kind of like to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5199 July 21, 2015 
expand the kitchen in our house. We 
have added onto it once before. If I wanted to get a loan from you, how long would it take me to get the loan? I said: I have a house in Gillette, and I have a house in DC, and I have both of them paid for. So we really do not have any outstanding debt. How long would that take? 
They said: A minimum of 77 days. 
Then, of course, there would have to be an extra week so that if you decided it was not a good deal, you could undo the loan. 
I wanted the loan. I wanted it 77 days 
before. I had to wait that long, and then there is a week for it. But here is another kicker that is in the bill. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has up to 150 days to tell me that I made a bad loan and cancel it. Hope-fully, the construction would already be started by that time. 
Well, I remember when I wanted to 
do that addition on the house. I went to my banker, and I explained to him what I wanted to do. It took me a whole day to get that loan—a whole day. Now, it is going to take 77 days, plus 1 week, and then I guess we have to wait 150 days to see if the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is going to decide that they know better than I know. 
My State of Wyoming is one of the 
most rural in the country. We had mostly community banks in Wyoming. I can attest that every visit I have had with banks in Wyoming since this law passed has had one main subject that remains constant: We are being crushed under the weight of these regu-lations. We are having to make tough choices about the services we provide. 
Some of these banks are starting to 
consolidate with larger banks and be-come branches. Credit unions are not faring any better. According to the Na-tional Association of Federal Credit Unions, more than 1,250 credit unions have disappeared since the passage of Dodd-Frank. Of that number, over 90 percent had fewer than $100 million in assets, and the No. 1 reason they give for having to merge out of the business was the inability to keep up with the regulatory burden they face. 
This is one unacceptable consequence 
of the Dodd-Frank law and one folks on both sides of the aisle should be ap-palled by. Now, equally appalling— maybe more appalling—is the impor-tance the Dodd-Frank Act afforded to the agency it created, which the Sen-ator from Georgia just talked about, the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau or the CFPB. 
Now, this is an agency that really 
doesn’t come under our jurisdiction; it actually works under the Federal Re-serve and gets, I think it is up to 12 percent of the revenues of the Federal Reserve now, plus inflation. They will get up to 15 percent, plus inflation. We have no say over that. They don’t re-port to us in any way, shape or form. 
This agency has grown to over 1,450 
employees. It has a facility whose of-fices’ renovation budget has spiraled to 
over $216 million and faces almost no accountability to Congress. I don’t have enough time allotted to talk about all the activities of the CFPB, but make no mistake, this agency’s reach has increased exponentially over the past 5 years to the point where it is now taking enforcement actions cov-ering telecommunications companies and has broadened its authority over the auto industry, which was specifi-cally exempted from the CFPB in the Dodd-Frank bill. 
Let me tell you how that happened. I 
did a bunch of speeches on the floor. I was interested in that third section. The first section was about the banks, the second was about hedge funds, and the third was about the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that wasn’t going to have any control by anybody. 
I found that little paragraph in there 
that said they have the ability to can-cel a loan up to 150 days after the bank and the person—or whomever they are borrowing the money from—and the person receiving the money agreed to the loan. They can cancel it. I pointed that out in speeches. 
One group of people listened to me. It 
was the automobile dealers. The auto-mobile dealers flooded Washington with lobbyists, and they got an exclu-sion in the bill for automobile loans. That is the only exclusion in there. Of course, they are being retaliated against now for that, and I will talk about that in just a minute too. The CFPB issued a final rule on June 10 that would allow it to supervise nonbank companies qualified as larger participants of a market for auto-mobile financing, along with a separate rule defining certain auto leases as a fi-nancial product or service. 
What does this mean? It means the 
CFPB has expanded its oversight pow-ers by saying: Oh, yes, auto leases are a financial product. They don’t like what they did to us. It is a service, and we are allowed to regulate those. So we will just increase our level of oversight over this industry. 
In fact, they have even taken a look 
at some of the loans that have been re-sold by automobile dealers and said those were discriminatory because they weren’t the same. Well, when you go to the bank to sell a loan, you don’t get the same deal every day, so that is really not discrimination, but accord-ing to this group that doesn’t have any oversight over it, it is. 
On the same day, the CFPB released 
its auto finance examination proce-dures for CFPB examiners to examine both banks and nonbanks. Keep in mind this is one example of hundreds of rules, enforcement actions, and other activities this agency is involved in across industries. Beyond increasing its incredible oversight reach, the CFPB has also engaged in massive data collection dating back to 2011. I spoke about this data collection, and the Sen-ator from Georgia spoke about this data collection. I spoke about the data 
collection before the confirmation of Richard Cordray to be the Director of the CFPB on July 16, 2013. I was the only Senator to speak before this vote, and I repeated something I said during the debate of the Dodd-Frank Act that I think bears repeating again. On May 20, 2010, I said: 
This bill was supposed to be about regu-
lating Wall Street; instead it’s creating a Google Earth of your every financial trans-action. That’s right—the government will be able to see every detail of your finances. They can look at your transactions from the 50,000 foot perspective or they can look right down to the tiny details of the time and place where you pulled cash out of an ATM. 
I talked about some of the data we 
had at that time. I am, unfortunately, going to expand on those comments be-cause the CFPB continues to collect massive amounts of data without con-sent of the consumers. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice, GAO, is a nonpartisan, inde-pendent agency that investigates how the Federal Government spends tax-payer dollars. They released an exten-sive report on September 2014 detailing the data collection of the CFPB. Here is what they found. 
Of the 12 large-scale collections they 
reviewed, three included information that identified individual consumers. The CFPB said those three collections weren’t subject to the Dodd-Frank pro-hibition on collecting personally iden-tifiable information. 
What? The CFPB is collecting infor-
mation on 700,000 auto sales per month, 10.7 million consumer credit reports per month, 25 million to 75 million in-dividual credit card accounts, 29 mil-lion active mortgage loans, and 173 million total loans, as well as one-time collections of 5.5 million private stu-dent loans and 15 million to 40 million payday loans. This isn’t the whole list, this is a sample rundown. Let’s see, they are into the automobile sales, ev-erything with your automobile sales, your consumer credit reports, your credit cards, your mortgage loans, your total loans, your student loans—and, if you do it, payday loans. Again, that is just a sample rundown. 
Let’s take a minute to let these num-
bers sink in. The CFPB collects infor-mation on 25 million to 75 million cred-it card accounts on a monthly basis. They want to be able to monitor 95 per-cent of all credit card transactions by 2016. I don’t know about you, but this is highly disturbing, especially in light of the fact that the GAO report found that CFPB did not employ sufficient security and privacy protections to make sure this data remains safe. 
In summary, the CFPB is collecting 
sensitive financial information on indi-viduals by name, on millions of Ameri-cans, some of which has personally identifiable information that is sup-posed to be removed or not used, and they don’t have the appropriate safe-guard to protect this information. 
Considering the increase in cyber at-
tacks faced across different sectors in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:31 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5200 July 21, 2015 
our country, including the Federal 
Government, this information is not just troubling, it is terrifying, espe-cially because there is no way for a sin-gle American to opt out of this collec-tion or require notification that their information is being collected and stored. 
Let me assure you, it is, and not only 
that, there is no way for Congress to have a say to exert oversight to take a closer look at what the CFPB is up to. One thing that is clear to me, every American deserves better than this, and after 5 years, I think it is safe to say we can do much better than this— 
and we better do much better than this—or we will have what the book ‘‘1984’’ suggested is going to happen. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the 
headlines in the past few months have been enough to paint a startling pic-ture of how our Nation is handling technology and security these days. 
Before I came to Congress, I spent 12 
years working in the technology sec-tor, but it doesn’t take an extensive background in these fields to see that in the ever-changing realm of tech-nology and online communication, America’s constitutional freedoms and civil liberties are at risk and our secu-rity as a nation is under attack. 
When it comes to protecting Amer-
ican citizens’ privacy and personal in-formation, we as a nation need to re-spond to the new threats our enemies are posing and the new tactics they are using and demand equal vigilance from those in our government who claim they have American safety at heart. 
The modern battlefield is changing. 
We see it changing before our very eyes, and America needs to adapt. With the incredible advantages that modern technology offers, also with that come greater risks as well as greater respon-sibility. Our enemies, America’s en-emies, are utilizing social media in particular to recruit others to their side to plot against our rights, our freedoms, our American way of life. 
As Michael Steinbach, the Assistant 
Director at the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division, said to the House Homeland Security Committee just last month: ‘‘The foreign terrorist now has direct access into the United States like never before.’’ 
We know for a fact that ISIS aggres-
sively uses social media to spread its propaganda, to target individuals in our own country, and to urge them to attack us on our own soil. In March of this year, the New York 
Times reported that ISIS’s use of social media, including Twitter and high- quality online recruiting videos, has been ‘‘astonishingly successful,’’ and the speed at which modern social media moves means America must move faster. 
In fact, we read about the recently 
foiled terrorist attack in Boston, where Islamic extremists planned to behead law enforcement officials. It shows us the importance of engaging these on-line terrorists, their propaganda ma-chines, interpreting their encrypted communications, and cracking down on the spread of online terrorist net-works—but how can we fight back against these cyber threats from abroad when our own government offi-cials show themselves to be woefully incompetent? 
We in this country spent months de-
bating the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of Americans’ metadata, and in the meantime, while we are having this debate, Chinese hackers stole millions of Americans’ personal information. In fact, it is esti-mated now those Chinese hackers broke into the Office of Personnel Man-agement—basically the HR system of the Federal Government—and stole over 20 million records of employees of the Federal Government. 
This recent breach of Federal em-
ployees’ information may possibly be rooted in a phishing email. In fact, in a recent article in Ars Technica on June 8, they said: 
It may be some time before the extent of 
the breach is known with any level of cer-tainty. What is known is that a malware package—likely delivered via an e-mail ‘‘phishing’’ attack against OPM or Interior employees—managed to install itself within the OPM’s IT systems and establish a back- door for further attacks. The attackers then escalated their privileges on OPM’s systems to the point where they had access to a wide swath of the agency’s systems. 
These hackers broke into the com-
puters at the Federal Government’s Of-fice of Personnel Management. They were downloading the very forms Fed-eral employees use to gain national se-curity clearances. 
In fact, earlier this month USA 
TODAY said: 
The hackers took millions of the forms 
used by people to disclose intimate details of their lives for national security clearances. The information could be used to unmask covert agents or try to blackmail Americans into spying for an enemy. 
In fact, I was one of those millions of 
Americans—as were other Members of Congress—whose personal information was compromised in this breach, and I demanded accountability from the Di-rector and others at the OPM, but we also need to address the systemic prob-lems with cyber security in this coun-try directly. 
The outdated security systems at the 
OPM and other agencies of the Federal Government recently hacked show that America is not up to speed with the kinds and the levels of cyber threats our country is facing. Let me give an 
example. In the publication Ars Technica of June 8, 2015, it says: 
The OPM hack is just the latest in a series 
of Federal network intrusions and data breaches, including recent incidents at the Internal Revenue Service, the State Depart-ment, and even the White House. These at-tacks have occurred despite the $4.5 billion National Cybersecurity and Protection Sys-tem program and its centerpiece capability, Einstein. Falling under the Department of Homeland Security’s watch, that system sits astride the government’s trusted Internet gateways. Einstein was originally based on deep packet inspection technology first de-ployed over a decade ago, and the system’s latest $218 million upgrade was supposed to make it capable of more active attack pre-vention. But the track flow analysis and sig-nature detection capabilities of Einstein, drawn from both DHS traffic analysis and data shared by the National Security Agen-cy, appears to be incapable of catching the sort of tactics that have become the modern baseline for state-sponsored network espio-nage and criminal attacks. Once such at-tacks are executed, they tend to look like normal network traffic. 
Put simply, as new capabilities for Ein-
stein are being rolled out, they’re not keep-ing pace with the types of threats now facing 
federal agencies. And with the data from OPM and other breaches, foreign intelligence services have a goldmine of information about federal employees at every level of the government. 
And this just at a time when the 
threats to our Nation are at very high levels. 
The article continues: 
It’s a worrisome cache that could be easily 
leveraged for additional, highly-targeted cyber-attacks and other espionage. In a na-tion with a growing reputation for state of the art surveillance initiatives and cyber warfare techniques, how did we become the ones playing catch up? 
But this isn’t just about being sloppy 
or being slow; this is a matter of na-tional security. America needs to get smart on cyber security and tech issues and to hold officials accountable for their behavior because there is just too much at stake if we fail. The American people will pay the price for a failure to adapt to this rapidly changing world of technology, this rapidly changing world of media, this rapidly changing world of information gathering, and for sheer carelessness on the part of those in authority. 
Private sector innovation and 
progress can help America compete. As a member of the committee on com-merce and having spent 28 years in the private sector—the last 12 years with a cloud computing startup which we took public and which became a great cloud computing company, with offices all over the world but based in my home State of Montana—I admit I had to smile when I saw that so many Con-gressmen want to regulate the private sector to protect the private sector from private threats. Well, again, in 28 years of serving in the private sector, I never once had my information breached. I never once had a letter from my HR department saying my in-formation had been comprised. It wasn’t until I became a Federal em-ployee, elected to Congress a few years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5201 July 21, 2015 
ago, that my information was com-
promised. The private sector runs a whole lot faster than the public sector. 
I think the government needs to look 
within to make sure we can be at the forefront of cyber technology and secu-rity, but these efforts will be thor-oughly wasted if the Federal Govern-ment does not take the necessary pre-cautions and procedures to protect the American people. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
f 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor this evening to speak about our Nation’s Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve, sometimes referred to as the SPR. It is a national security asset that has come into the news of late for a host of different reasons. 
I am here this evening because of the 
concerns I have that others are poten-tially looking to our Strategic Petro-leum Reserve—our strategic energy asset—as nothing more than a piggybank to fund some of the needs we have here in this Congress. I believe it is extremely shortsighted to raid our Nation’s oil stockpile as an offset for the extension of the highway trust fund, and that is what we have had some conversation about today. 
We had a vote earlier about whether 
to move forward on the highway trust fund. But as we have looked to find pathways forward for a multiyear high-way trust fund reauthorization, which is something I support, it is important to know that not all pots of money are equal, that perhaps some are truly na-tional security assets for which per-haps we need to show more considered respect. 
I had an opportunity a few days ago— 
on Friday—to tour our Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve. I went to the Choc-taw Bayou site near Baton Rouge, LA. It was an opportunity for me to get a firsthand look at some of the chal-lenges that currently face our four Strategic Petroleum Reserves that we have down in the Louisiana, Texas area and to have a better understanding as to their operational readiness. Quite honestly, it is a trip I wish more of our Members were willing to take because I think it would become clear to many the potential mistake we would be making in forcing the sale of billions of dollars of our emergency oil solely to pay for unrelated legislation. It is akin to selling the insurance on your house in order to pave your driveway. It just doesn’t make sense. 
For some, the Strategic Petroleum 
Reserve may be a very unknown na-tional security asset. They do not real-ly know what it is. But the SPR is our Nation’s insurance policy against glob-al energy supply disruptions. The Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve was estab-lished by law back in 1975 under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, and its mission is twofold: to ensure U.S. energy security by reducing the 
impacts of potential disruptions in U.S. petroleum supplies and secondly to carry out U.S. obligations under the international energy program. 
We have about 700 million barrels of 
oil that are tucked away in under-ground salt caverns down in Louisiana and in Texas. We have a couple refined product reserves in other parts of the country, but our Strategic Petroleum Reserves are there in Louisiana and Texas. So if we have a major hurricane that takes out production in the Gulf of Mexico, as we saw with Hurricane Katrina back in 2005, we can turn to the SPR to help fill the gap. We did that in 2005. That is exactly the type of reason you would have the strategic asset. 
But there are other times we have 
turned to the SPR. If there is a ter-rorist attack or a broader war disrup-tion that alters the ability of other na-tions to send us oil, we can again turn to the reserve for help. We did this in 1991 with the Iraq war and then again in 2011 with the Libya supply disrup-tion. So, again, when there was an emergency and we needed to ensure U.S. security, we had a ready reserve fund to turn to. 
In the absence of policies that will 
allow our Nation to produce all of the oil it consumes every day, the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve is really our best answer to the sudden absence of the energy we need, whether it is driv-ing to work, whether it is powering our ships or our airplanes, moving our goods, or whatever that reason may be. 
With the discussion we had today in 
terms of how we pay for this multiyear transportation bill, we are being asked to dramatically diminish the size of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve based again on the need to pay for the exten-sion of the highway trust fund. It is to-tally unrelated—totally unrelated. 
Those who would argue in favor of 
taking from the SPR, their argument is pretty simple. In fact, it is way too simple. They suggest that our inter-national obligations require us to store enough petroleum to match 90 days of net imports. That is true. And they will say that given the growth we have seen in domestic oil production, we have enough now that we have a sur-plus within the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Some have even suggested that an SPR is not even necessary any-more. 
Well, I would be the first among us to 
suggest that changes need to be made to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Again, this was established back in 1975, and I think it is very fair to say the world has changed. It has changed dramatically since the 1970s. The glob-al environment in which we are oper-ating has changed dramatically. And the Department of Energy has said that today the impacts of an overall supply disruption of global oil markets would have the same effect on domes-tic petroleum product prices regardless of how U.S. oil import levels—or whether U.S. refineries import crude 
from disrupted countries. 
So there is a recognition that we 
have to get to modernizing the SPR. We have to ensure that we have right- sized it, that we are in alignment when it comes to moving oil from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve at those times we have determined are appropriate. 
So I think it is important to know we 
are not just sitting still on this. The Department of Energy has begun work on a comprehensive, long-term stra-tegic review of the SPR. We had good discussion about this when I was down in Louisiana on Friday with the Dep-uty Secretary of Energy, Chris Smith, talking about what this review will en-tail. It is looking at future SPR re-quirements regarding the size; regard-ing the composition of it; the geo-graphic location—it has been suggested that perhaps there might be regional approaches; determining where we have chokepoints within the system in terms of distribution; how we move it; determining the impacts of what we see globally and what is happening with our own domestic production; and again being smart in how we are mak-ing sure we have right-sized the SPR and, in fairness, modernized the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. 
We have a committee, as you know, 
Mr. President, that likes to roll up our sleeves and get into the weeds on mak-ing sure our policies are current and are relevant. 
We need a deliberative process that 
will provide us with the proper under-standing of the stakes and our options when it comes to how we handle our Strategic Petroleum Reserve. What we do not need—what we do not need—is an arbitrary process that picks a num-ber. Right now, for purposes of the off-set of what they are coming to the en-ergy committee for, they are picking a number of—let’s sell 101 million barrels of oil to fund a portion of the highway trust fund. Again, where is the connec-tion between ensuring that we don’t erode our national energy security as-sets? 
I have said many times that the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve is not an ATM. It is certainly not the petty cash drawer for Congress. We have a respon-sibility. A decision to sell substantial volumes of oil will increase our vulner-ability to future supply disruptions at a time when we are still importing oil. We are importing about 5 million bar-rels a day. 
Think about this. Think about the 
timing of this. It simply could not be worse. When you talk about volatility in the world, think about the news you read about today, what is happening in Iran, Iraq, and Syria. Now is the time for us to say that our national energy security assets are not that important; it is OK to nibble around the edges or worse and take significant amounts to put out on the market? 
Let’s consider a few facts to put 
things into perspective. First of all, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5202 July 21, 2015 
you talk about the market. It is a buy-
er’s market out there. The Inter-national Energy Agency warns of a massively oversupplied balance sheet. The Energy Information Administra-tion shares that assessment in its lat-est monthly outlook, noting that pro-duction continues to exceed consump-tion across the globe. Of course, now as we are seeing the outcome from the ne-gotiations with Iran, they are going to be in a position soon to put their oil out onto the world market. 
Oil prices are sitting right now 
around $50 a barrel. Think about it. Not all of the oil that is in the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve was perhaps bought high, but think about it. Sell-ing it now is the very definition of sell-ing low. 
We are at $50 a barrel right now. The 
sales that are envisioned in this high-way bill would shortchange taxpayers in terms of emergency protection be-cause you are eroding the fund, but think about the proper stewardship of taxpayer dollars. Effectively, we bought high and we are going to sell low. 
Second, drawing down barrels from 
the SPR would put the Federal Govern-ment in a position of direct competi-tion with domestic producers. That may be temporarily defensible during a severe interruption, but let’s remember where we are right now. The midcontinent is already awash in crude. Our outdated ban on oil exports, which should be fully repealed and fully repealed soon in my view, has not been repealed yet. It is sitting there in place, and what it is doing is keeping oil that is trapped in the United States, threatening productions and jobs at the same time. 
What you are talking about with this 
proposal to sell off the oil from SPR is you are going to sell it first very low and then you are going to put it into a market that is already oversupplied. 
I was in the Gulf of Mexico this 
weekend at a place called Port Fourchon, where truly you think about the part of the country that is sup-porting an oil and gas industry, robust, ready to go to work, but what we saw there were supply vessels that were sidelined and drill ships that were waiting. You tell those hard-working men and women there who aren’t work-ing as hard as they would like that per-haps somehow it is a good idea that they should be taking money from our savings account—taking the oil from our savings account and dumping that into the market. 
Third, our Nation’s energy security 
cannot depend on commercial stocks alone. They rise and fall based on mar-ket expectations, not on the strategic environment, and are not tethered to our Nation’s energy security. Since the passage of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act in 1975, there was a bi-partisan consensus that maintained that it is the Federal Government, not private industry, that will ensure that our obligations are met. Clearly, not much has changed in that calculation, 
certainly in my mind. 
Fourth, threats to global security 
continue to abound and they seem to worsen. As Iran, ISIS, and other threats destabilize the Middle East, some 17 million barrels per day still flow through the Strait of Hormuz. The Suez Canal and its accompanying pipe-line carry just under 5 million barrels per day, despite a budding insurgency that fired a rocket at an Egyptian Navy vessel earlier this month. Insta-bility in Venezuela, which produces about 2
1⁄2million barrels per day, 
would also directly impact the major American refining center in the Gulf of Mexico. 
You have all of this volatility and in-
stability, and this is the time again that we are going to take our insur-ance policy and we are going to erode it? We are going to make us less energy secure? It makes no sense. 
By way of comparison, the drawdown 
rate of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve is about 4.4 million barrels a day, probably a little bit less. But, seri-ously, any number of disruptions could arise and make those barrels very pre-cious. Secretary Moniz gave a speech about a month ago, and he stated that the distribution rate is probably much lower than our drawdown capacity of 4.4. The distribution rate is com-promised because of some of the issues we talked about earlier, which are changes in midstream, infrastructure, and congestions in the system. When you talk about our ability to respond, we are limited. 
If Congress is going to sell any oil 
from the SPR—and I am not suggesting this is a good idea—one of the things we must do is we should agree that any proceeds would first be used to pay for upgrading the reserve itself, pay for the modernization, help to ensure it has the ability to do that which we have tasked it to do. 
It needs significant modifications to 
preserve its long-term viability and to ensure that it can truly move the oil in the event of an emergency, whether it is a natural disaster or whether it is a terrorist threat or war. But it would be a travesty if we were to dramatically reduce the size of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve while we continue to ig-nore its maintenance and its oper-ational needs. 
The Strategic Petroleum Reserve 
must be modernized for the 21st cen-tury. Its size, its geographic disposi-tion, the quality of the oil it stores— right now it is about one-third to two- thirds distribution between sweet and sour crude—the desirability and under-standing is we need to move more into a refined product storage or holding in-stead of the crude. These are all issues that merit further attention, but we need to have a deliberative process. We need the review that the Department of Energy is conducting. We need the re-view that committees such as ours will advance and consider. What we do not need is a spur-of-the-moment deal that would sacrifice our energy security and 
perhaps much more. 
I know this conversation will con-
tinue about how we move a highway bill forward. Count me as one who wants to ensure that we are doing right by our highway systems. Our infra-structure is key, but we also have key energy infrastructure. Part of that key infrastructure lies with the security asset, the Strategic Petroleum Reserve that we have. Let’s focus on that word ‘‘strategic’’ before we move too quickly and in a manner that is shortsighted and will jeopardize our security and our inability to respond. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTA ADAMS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize Marta Adams, who is re-tiring from her position as chief deputy attorney general for Nevada. For more than 27 years, Marta has been serving Nevada; and though many Nevadans may not know Marta, she has been working diligently to keep them safe. 
Soon after Marta graduated from the 
University of Wyoming College of Law in 1977, she began practicing law in the Silver State. She quickly gained expe-rience in environmental law, and her knowledge about the West and its nat-ural resources have contributed greatly to her successful legal career. 
Marta’s persistence and commitment 
while representing the Nevada Agency for Nuclear Projects in opposing the Yucca Mountain project was instru-mental in our State’s legal fight against efforts to force nuclear waste on Nevada. Since 2008, Marta has worked as chief deputy attorney gen-eral and maintained a strong voice for Nevada on all issues pertaining to Yucca Mountain. 
On behalf of Nevada, I thank Marta 
for her decades of dedicated public service and wish her the best in her well-earned retirement. 
f 
CAMERON AND DELEVAN, 
ILLINOIS, TORNADOES 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, for the 
third time this year, Illinois commu-nities are assessing damage and clean-ing up after tornadoes. One twister struck the town of Cameron, in Warren County, on Thursday evening. Mo-ments later, another struck the town of Delevan, in Tazewell County. The tornadoes were accompanied by storms with heavy rain and flooding. 
The National Weather Service says 
both tornadoes were category EF–2. That means that the winds blew up to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5203 July 21, 2015 
130 miles per hour. Homes in both 
small towns suffered severe damage. Several homes had roofs torn off, while others were completely flattened. The tornado that hit Delevan touched down without warning because tornado si-rens lost power a few seconds after they began to sound. 
Debris from homes and farms was 
scattered across the community. Many 
roads in the community were impas-sible due to down trees and power lines. Emergency responders wasted no time going house to house in both commu-nities. I spoke with Warren County sheriff Martin Edwards on Friday afternoon. Thankfully, there were no fatalities or serious injuries reported. 
The communities are busy cleaning 
up today and utility companies are working to get gas and electricity back on. Over the weekend, Sparky’s Smokeshack set up a smoker on the edge of Cameron. The popular rib joint served up free meals to anyone who needed them. American Red Cross vol-unteers also are providing food and water. As is so often the case when a disaster like this strikes, first respond-ers and friends and family members are helping people whose homes and busi-nesses were damaged. I thank the first responders and all of the members of these communities for their work. 
The Illinois delegation and I stand 
ready to help in any way we can, par-ticularly if the Governor requests Fed-eral assistance. I have no doubt that the people in Cameron and Delevan will rebuild. Our thoughts are with the many people today who lost homes and other property. 
f 
GUATEMALA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, with the 
Congress focused on the U.S.-Iran nu-clear agreement, it is not surprising that recent developments in Guate-mala have not received the attention they deserve, either here or in the international press. I want to speak briefly about this as it should interest all Senators, particularly at a time when the governments of Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras are seeking significant U.S. funding to support the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle of Central America. 
The Cold War history of U.S. involve-
ment in Guatemala is not one we can be overly proud of. The role of the United Fruit Company, the CIA, Guate-mala’s landholding elite, and others in orchestrating the removal of democrat-ically elected President Jacobo Arbenz Guzman in 1954, the training and equip-ping of the Guatemalan military that carried out a scorched earth campaign against a rebel insurgency and the rural indigenous population in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, and policies fa-voring the financial and political elite who perpetuated the racism, social and economic inequities, corruption, vio-lence, and impunity that persist to this day, are all part of that collective ex-perience. One of the vestiges of that period is 
the continuing harassment, vilifica-tion, death threats, and even malicious prosecutions of human rights defenders and other social activists. It is regret-table that Guatemala’s authorities have failed to condemn or take effec-tive steps to stop this pattern and practice of threats and abuse of the 
justice system. 
Yet while the 1996 Peace Accords 
that finally ended 36 years of armed conflict were, for the most part, not implemented, since then the United States has sought to help address the causes of poverty, inequality, and in-justice in Guatemala. We have funded child nutrition and public health pro-grams, bilingual education for indige-nous children, efforts to reform and professionalize the police, prevent vio-lence against women, strengthen the institutional capacity of the Public Ministry, locate and identify the re-mains of thousands of people who dis-appeared during the war and ended up in mass graves, support reparations for victims of the Chixoy massacres, pro-tect biodiversity and preserve pre-Co-lumbian archeological sites in Peten. The results of these efforts have been mixed, but they do signify a positive trend in our relations with Guatemala in recent years for which the Depart-ment of State, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Inter- American Foundation, the Inter-Amer-ican Development Bank, and others de-serve credit. 
President Perez Molina also deserves 
credit for supporting the agreement to finance the Chixoy reparations plan, which some in his own government op-posed. It is now essential that the agreement is implemented so the com-munities who suffered losses are com-pensated. 
The United States has also been a 
strong supporter of the International Commission Against Impunity in Gua-temala, otherwise known as CICIG, which, in collaboration with the Office of the Attorney General, has played an indispensable role in investigations and prosecutions of cases of corruption, organized crime, and clandestine groups, as well as crimes against hu-manity and other human rights atroc-ities dating to the civil war. I com-mend the way CICIG Commissioner Ivan Velasquez and Attorney General Thelma Aldana are working together to address these issues. 
Each year since CICIG’s inception in 
2007, as either chairman or ranking member of the appropriations sub-committee that funds U.S. foreign aid programs and as a former prosecutor and chairman or ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, I have in-cluded a U.S. contribution to CICIG. I have also twice supported the exten-sion of CICIG when it was nearing the end of its mandate. Most recently, when President Otto Perez Molina indi-cated that he did not intend to renew CICIG’s mandate, I argued that the weakness of Guatemala’s justice sys-tem and the continuing high levels of 
corruption and impunity were compel-ling reasons to extend CICIG. I was gratified that earlier this year its man-date was extended until 2017. 
While Guatemala’s justice system re-
mains fragile, the partnership between CICIG and the Public Ministry has played a critical role in advancing the cause of justice in Guatemala. But Guatemala’s problems are not unique. Honduras and El Salvador suffer from many of the same conditions—weak justice systems that lack credibility, rampant corruption, threats and assas-sinations of human rights defenders, journalists, and even prosecutors, and a history of impunity. I hope those governments look to CICIG as a model 
for how they could benefit from the technical expertise and independence of the international community to help address these deeply rooted problems. 
Simultaneous with President Perez 
Molina’s decision to extend CICIG’s mandate, the need for CICIG became even more apparent. As a result of its investigations, high-ranking officials in the Perez Molina government, in-cluding Vice President Roxana Baldetti and one of her top aides, as well as the President’s chief of staff and other sen-ior officials, have either resigned or been arrested due to allegations of bribery and other corruption related to customs and social security. In addi-tion, a leading Vice Presidential can-didate of the Lider Party has been im-plicated. This may only be the tip of the iceberg, as it is common knowledge that corruption is widespread in Guate-mala. 
Such scandals involving powerful 
public figures are by no means unprece-dented, as other Guatemalan officials— including a former President and Min-ister of Interior—have been implicated in such crimes and became fugitives from justice. But unlike in the past, these latest scandals have galvanized a diverse spectrum of civil society to join in peaceful public demonstrations over a period of several months calling for an end to corruption and impunity and for the resignation of the President who would be replaced by a transition government in accordance with Guate-mala’s Constitution. 
The timing of these protests is sig-
nificant, as Presidential elections are scheduled for September 6 and specula-tion is rife as to whether or not Presi-dent Perez Molina will serve out his term. 
The United States has a strong inter-
est in democracy and justice in Guate-mala, as well as a better life for the millions of Guatemala’s citizens, par-ticularly indigenous and other histori-cally marginalized groups, who live in poverty. Many, with only a few years of formal education and no reliable source of income, including victims of ethnic discrimination, gangs and vio-lent crime, have risked life and limb in search of opportunities in the United States. It is our hope that the Plan of the Alliance for Prosperity, with com-plementary and balanced investments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5204 July 21, 2015 
in governance, prosperity, and secu-
rity, will begin to provide the eco-nomic opportunities and address these difficult social and law enforcement challenges in a sustainable way. I look forward to discussing these issues with our friends in the House of Representa-tives later this year. 
More immediately, it is important 
that the United States carefully cali-brates its response to the popular de-mands for reform. What is happening in Guatemala today is both unique and encouraging in the way it has inspired and united, for the first time in Guate-mala’s history, indigenous and non-in-digenous, both rural and urban groups, poor and middle class who previously did not share a common agenda. This has enhanced the prospects for real change in a country that has been plagued for two decades by the divisive, tragic legacies of the war and by pow-erful forces in government and the pri-vate sector resistant to change for gen-erations. 
In this context, civil society requires 
support and protection, taking into ac-count Guatemala’s past history of re-pression and violence. I urge U.S. offi-cials to make clear that the United States unequivocally supports the aspi-rations of Guatemalan civil society that is now struggling for the right of all the Guatemalan people to have transparent and accountable govern-ment, including honest and profes-sional police and an independent judi-ciary. 
Guatemala is a country with an ex-
traordinarily rich culture, natural re-sources, and human potential. But without respect for human rights and the rule of law and real change that provides for equitable economic oppor-tunities and political representation, that potential will remain unfulfilled. It is long past time for an end to impu-nity, including for public officials who misuse their office to enrich them-selves, their families, and their friends, and for a new era of effective govern-ance, prosperity, and freedom from fear for all Guatemalans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRENDAN J. 
WHITTAKER 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a moment to recognize Brendan J. ‘‘Bren’’ Whittaker, a distinguished pub-lic servant and recognized leader in conservation efforts in the New Eng-land Northern Forest region. In addi-tion to his conservation work, Bren spent more than 45 years in the Epis-copal ministry, leading a full-time par-ish. 
I know Bren first not as a priest, but 
as a dedicated public servant for more than 40 years. Bren has held many ti-tles at every level of government, in-cluding town meeting moderator, town selectman, county forester, chairman of district 1 environmental commis-sion, director of Vermont State Energy Office, Vermont Secretary of Natural Resources, U.S. Department of Agri-culture FSA State Committee member 
and more. 
In addition to his schooling in the-
ology, Bren studied forestry, and he holds degrees in both disciplines. In the early 1990s, I worked with New Hamp-shire Senator Warren Rudman to es-tablish the Northern Forest Lands Council, and Bren agreed to be part of that select group. He later joined the Vermont Natural Resources Council as Northern Forest project manager, and continues to work as a board member for conservation organizations in Vermont and New Hampshire. Bren served each post with distinction and has been deeply involved for nearly 40 years in the vast changes taking place across the Northern Forest. 
I have been pleased to continue work-
ing with Bren since his appointment to the USDA’s Farm Service Agency State Committee in Vermont. Bren continues to serve as a selectman in Brunswick, VT, and operates a vege-table farm, roadside stand and seasonal restaurant supply business with his wife, Dorothy. 
I have touched on Bren’s State and 
Federal public service, but his even greater contributions to his commu-nity may be through his ministry, as so eloquently enumerated in the article entitled Thanks to a Mentor and North Country Champion, written by Rebecca Brown, a member of the New Hamp-shire legislature and a student and friend of Bren. It was published in 2014 in the Littleton Courier. I ask unani-mous consent that Ms. Brown’s article be printed in the R
ECORD as a tribute 
to Brendan J. Whittaker’s decades-long and continuing service to his neigh-bors, community, the States of Vermont and New Hampshire, and to the Nation. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Littleton New Hampshire Courier, Dec. 2014] 
THANKS TO A MENTOR AND NORTH COUNTRY  
CHAMPION  
(By Rebecca A. Brown) 
This season of giving thanks and celebra-
tion, I want to mark the final retirement of Brendan Whittaker from his Episcopal min-istry. ‘‘Final’’ because he retired from full- time parish work many years ago, but has been serving in various priestly roles until the Sunday before Thanksgiving. 
I write because Brendan’s effect on people 
and the communities of the North Country have been (and I am confident will continue to be) enormous, yet he has gone about his work over the last couple of decades with lit-tle fanfare or notoriety, but with his genuine and affecting warmth. In this way he follows in the footsteps of one of his mentors, Carleton Schaller, also an Episcopal priest who we all lost earlier this year. 
For much of his earlier career, Brendan 
was very much in the public eye, especially when he was Secretary of the Agency of Nat-ural Resources for Vermont. Walk through Montpelier or attend a conservation gath-ering anywhere in VT with Brendan today, and you’ll encounter many people who still hold him in the highest regard. I do think he’s one of the best-loved people in Vermont. Years ago, he was named the ‘‘person from away’’ (he was born and raised in Massachu-setts) who most deserved to be a genuine 
Vermonter. 
Brendan and his wife Dorothy have farmed 
and managed their woodlot in Brunswick, in northern VT along the Connecticut River, 
for over 50 years. They arrived in the late 1950s, he as a newly minted (UMass) forester working for Essex County. But an additional call pulled at him, and he took a degree from the Episcopal Divinity School in Boston. His first parish work was in Brandon, VT start-ing in 1963. He later was full-time rector at St. Paul’s in Lancaster. He was also rector at St. Mark’s in Groveton, in Island Pond, Vt., and the Church of the Epiphany in Lisbon, where he served his last day. 
Brendan’s divinity school thesis was one of 
the earliest church ‘‘insider’’ calls to link Christian faith and the environmental move-ment. His writing foreshadowed his long ca-reer as a professional forester and a working priest, and helped move the Episcopal Church to embrace stewardship of the earth as a moral obligation. 
I first encountered Brendan from afar 
through his role in the Northern Forest Lands Council, the pivotal group created by Congress to address the alarming forestland changes in northern New England and New York. Brendan represented Vermont. As a young journalist new in the North Country and exploring forestry, land use, and commu-nity issues, I studied the Council’s 1994 re-port ‘‘Finding Common Ground’’ very closely and followed those involved with creating it. Around that time, I noted the formation of the Forest Guild as a progressive alternative to the Society of American Foresters, with Brendan among the founders. I also encoun-tered various essays he’d written, and found him to be among the most articulate writers and thinkers about our region, someone I hoped to cross paths with someday. 
We finally did cross paths in 2005 when I 
joined the staff of the Connecticut River Joint Commissions, the VT–NH group advis-ing the two states on issues affecting the river and watershed. Brendan was a VT com-missioner. At that time Brendan was filling in occasionally at the Lisbon church (Tod Hall was the regular vicar), and from time to time would leave me phone messages that he’d be preaching and inviting me to attend. As someone who’d never gone to church save for weddings and funerals, I did not jump at the opportunity. But eventually I decided it would be the polite thing to do, and with some trepidation agreed. The night before, he called to explain what to expect, includ-ing taking communion, which made me even more nervous. I knew that ritual only through extended family occasions in the Catholic Church where infidels like me could not and did not participate. 
He assured me that taking communion 
could be considered a symbolic breaking of bread together as a community, and did not demand belief in the literal ‘‘blood of Christ.’’ This was the first of many alter-native insights to the Christian traditions and liturgy to which he introduced me. As someone whose understanding of Christian thought was arrested at the kindergarten level of God as a bearded man in the sky, this was an important awakening, and intro-duced me to a wide world of spiritual thought. 
With his guidance and lending of books 
from his library, I read many of the now classic and radical theological texts of the mid 20th century. I found an exciting, intel-lectually and spiritually stimulating pan-theon including Tillich, Bonhoeffer, John Robinson, and more contemporarily, Alan Watts and John Spong. At the same time, I found a wonderfully accepting and warm band of people at the Lisbon church. 
I enjoyed with Brendan post-church con-
versations (and many while working in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.020 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5205 July 21, 2015 
woods or at the farm) about Christian—and 
increasingly on my part, Buddhist—thought, and returning again and again to our shared love of the environment and what all this meant for activists and stewards. Eventually I left the Joint Commissions and started working for the Ammonoosuc Conservation Trust, a group I’d started. I asked Brendan if he’d consider becoming an advisor to ACT— expecting him to say no, for given his high level career (in addition to his government work he’d been on the board of just about every major New England environmental or-ganization) why bother with a little start up like ACT? But he graciously agreed. Now, Brendan chairs the ACT Lands Committee, and regularly works with us on forestry issues and with landowners who are consid-ering conservation. 
Brendan is like one of his beloved stiff as-
ters, the unusual plant that grows near the liquor store in Groveton, able to find nour-ishment in dry gravel, and subject of one of his most memorable sermons. His calling was to work with the underserved, and he found his parish in the great unruly life of the North Country, independent and fiercely neighborly. He also found his parish with the people working in conservation, including the game wardens he directed as ANR sec-retary and continues to have special regard for. He’s done great service for our land and people, and I am tremendously grateful to have him as a friend, colleague, and mentor. 
Former Courier Editor Rebecca Brown is 
director of ACT, and serves as a NH State Representative. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MIKE DONOGHUE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would 
like to call the Senate’s attention to the continued First Amendment advo-cacy of a Vermont journalist, Mike Donoghue of the Burlington Free Press. The Vermont Press Association has presented Mike with the pres-tigious Matthew Lyon Award, for his staunch advocacy of First Amendment rights. 
Mike is a talented and seasoned re-
porter, and in more than 40 years as a staff writer at the Free Press he has covered local, State and national news, as well as sporting events—all, with in-tegrity and vigor. He has shown a steadfast commitment to truth-telling, to getting the facts, and getting them right, for the people of Vermont. 
While Mike has achieved noteworthy 
accomplishments and awards during his tenure at the Free Press, it is, espe-cially, his work as an advocate and teacher of First Amendment protec-tions that have drawn the distinction of the Matthew Lyon Award. He served two terms as president of the Vermont Press Association, where he worked to expand the use of cameras in Vermont courtrooms. As a founder of the Vermont Coalition for Open Govern-ment, he has provided testimony in front of the Vermont Legislature on a regular basis and on a variety of topics related to First Amendment rights. Mike not only is a veteran reporter and volunteer advocate but a dedicated ed-ucator as well. He is an adjunct pro-fessor of journalism at Saint Michael’s College in Colchester—my alma mater—and he has trained young jour-nalists throughout Vermont and New England as well as through the aus-
pices of the New England Press Asso-ciation, the New England Society of Newspaper Editors, and Investigative Reporters and Editors. His commit-ment to teaching and defending the te-nets of the First Amendment led him to participate as a trainer in Ireland after the country passed its Freedom of Information Act in 1997. 
The Vermont Press Association each 
year offers the Matthew Lyon Award to an individual who has demonstrated an exceptional commitment to the First Amendment and to ‘‘the public’s right to know the truth in Vermont.’’ It is named for Congressman Matthew Lyon, one of the foremost defenders of the Bill of Rights. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives on behalf of Vermont, as well as Kentucky, begin-ning in the 5th Congress. Congressman Lyon is known for his time in jail—and subsequent reelection during his sen-tence—on charges of sedition in 1798 for his sharp criticism of President John Adams. 
Throughout his career, Mike 
Donoghue has worked tirelessly to pro-mote accountability of public officials, and transparency in government agen-cies. As an earlier recipient of this same award, I will always feel a special kinship in these efforts with champions like Mike Donoghue. 
I ask unanimous consent that this 
announcement from the Vermont Press Association about Mike Donoghue’s se-lection for this award be printed into the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
BFP’ SDONOGHUE WINSVT P RESS 1ST 
AMENDMENT AWARD  
(By The Vermont Press Association, July 6, 
2015) 
MONTPELIER .—Longtime journalist and ed-
ucator Mike Donoghue of South Burlington has been selected to receive the Matthew Lyon Award for his lifetime commitment to the First Amendment and the public’s right to know the truth in Vermont. 
The Vermont Press Association, which rep-
resents the interests of 11 daily and about four dozen non-daily newspapers circulating in Vermont, will honor Donoghue at its an-nual meeting and awards banquet at noon Thursday, July 16 at the Capitol Plaza in Montpelier. 
Donoghue, an award-winning veteran news 
and sports writer for the Burlington Free Press, is being recognized for efforts in his spare time working as an adjunct professor of journalism at St. Michael’s College, as a longtime officer with the Vermont Press As-sociation and his volunteer efforts with var-ious groups including New England First Amendment Coalition (NEFAC), New Eng-land Newspaper and Press Association (NENPA) and the Society for Professional Journalists (SPJ). 
VPA President John Flowers said 
Donoghue has been on the front lines in seeking greater public accountability through a range of efforts, including that government officials and courts ensure records are easily available to the public, and that government meetings and court hearings are open to Vermonters. 
‘‘Mike’s efforts in accountability jour-
nalism at the Burlington Free Press are well documented over several decades. But the 
Lyon award is focusing on his efforts in edu-cating students, the public, government offi-cials, and journalists—both for print and electronic media outlets. Mike is called upon frequently to speak in classrooms, in the community and at professional conferences from Vermont to Ireland.’’ 
His work has helped improve both the open 
meeting law and public records law in Vermont, Flowers said. He noted it was while serving as VPA President in the mid- 1980s that Donoghue helped lead the media efforts in successfully obtaining approval for cameras in Vermont Courts. 
St. Michael’s College recruited Donoghue 
in 1985 to teach as an adjunct professor in the journalism department, where he still helps. He also served as an officer for the Vermont Press Association for 35 years until he resigned as its executive director earlier this year. Donoghue was instrumental in getting the VPA headquarters anchored at St. Michael’s College. 
Donoghue serves on the executive board of 
NEFAC, a six-state effort promoting the First Amendment. He was on the New Eng-land Press Association Board of Directors and various committees 1995–2001. The Soci-ety of Professional Journalists appointed Donoghue in 1990 to serve as the Vermont chairman for Project Sunshine, a nationwide First Amendment effort—a volunteer hat he still wears. 
The VPA solicits nominations from 
Vermonters each year for the Lyon award, which honors people who have an unwaver-ing devotion to the five freedoms within the First Amendment and to the principle that the public’s right to know the truth is essen-tial in a self-governed democracy, Flowers said. 
Donoghue has been named to five halls of 
fame. They include induction as one of 35 charter members selected by the New Eng-land Press Association for its Community Journalism Hall of Fame in 2000. Three years later he was named one of three charter members selected nationwide by the Society of Professional Journalists and The National Freedom of Information Coalition for their National Hall of Fame for Local Heroes. 
Other honors include the Yankee Quill 
Award in 2007 for a lifetime commitment to outstanding journalism in New England and beyond; selected the New England Journalist of the Year for print or electronic media in 2013; and voted by Gannett employees na-tionwide to receive ‘‘Greater Good Award’’ from the company in 2013. 
The Lyon Award is named for a former 
Vermont congressman who was jailed in 1798 under the Alien and Sedition Act for sending a letter to the editor, criticizing President John Adams. While Lyon was serving his fed-eral sentence in a Vergennes jail, Vermonters re-elected him to the U.S. House of Representatives. Lyon is credited with ousting Adams when he cast the deciding vote in favor of Thomas Jefferson when the 1800 presidential race went to Congress for a final determination. 
Previous Matthew Lyon winners include 
Patrick J. Leahy for his work as a state prosecutor and U.S. senator; Edward J. Cashman for his efforts as Chittenden Supe-rior Court clerk, a state prosecutor and state judge; Robert Hemley, for his many success-ful fights as a lawyer to keep courtrooms open and court files available to the public; Gregory Sanford, state archivist, for his work in maintaining, restoring and saving government records for public access; H. Allen Gilbert, executive director of ACLU in Vermont for fighting for greater public ac-
cess to government records and for public disclosure about police misconduct; and Ken Squier and WDEV-radio for efforts to inform Vermonters about state and local issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.021 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5206 July 21, 2015 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was 
necessarily absent for votes on S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act from Monday, July 13, 2015, through Thurs-day, July 16, 2015. Had I been present I would have voted in favor of invoking cloture on the substitute amendment No. 2089, cloture on the amended under-lying bill, and final passage of S. 1177. I also would have voted in favor of amendments Nos. 2169, 2194, 2093, 2176, 2171, 2161, 2241, 2177, 2243, 2247, 2100, and 2242. I would have opposed amendments Nos. 2132, 2162, and 2180. ∑ 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, it is 
clear to me that No Child Left Behind was broken and that it was not serving the best interest of children in Michi-gan or the rest of the country. That is why I voted to support the passage of the Every Child Achieves Act, which moves away from high stakes testing and puts decisions on education back in the hands of our States, school dis-tricts, parents, and the teachers, who are in the best position to make those decisions. 
However, I continue to have reserva-
tions about the Every Child Achieves Act, particularly the changes to for-mulas that govern how resources are allocated. The bill as drafted will re-duce the support that Michigan schools have for recruiting teachers and school leaders at the same time as it reduces support for their professional develop-ment. It also cuts the future resources dedicated to the education of the most vulnerable low-income children in Michigan, sending that money to other States, using a formula that effectively rewards States for investing less in education. It is wrong to take re-sources away from one set of children and give them to another, and then call it equity. 
While I appreciate the efforts of the 
Senator from North Carolina to change his original amendment, the modified version would still have a negative im-pact on the children of Michigan. This is the reason I voted no on this amend-ment. 
As this bill continues to conference 
committee, I intend to continue to fight to ensure that every child in Michigan has the best possible access to quality public education and that Michigan is treated fairly in the fund-ing formulas. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to see that the Older Americans Act reauthorization passed the Senate last week. This law, which turns 50 years old this month, provides critical services like home-delivered meals, transportation, and elder abuse protections. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-RAYfor their efforts to pass this bill. I 
would also like to acknowledge the many organizations representing tens of millions of Americans who worked with me and my staff to get this bill passed, including the National Council on Aging, Meals on Wheels America, AARP, the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging, and many oth-ers. 
While this bill is a good step forward, 
I would have preferred that it go much further. 
Older adults are the fastest growing 
segment of the U.S. population. Shockingly, 1 in 5 seniors is living on an average income of $8,300 per year. We learned from the Government Ac-countability Office last month that nearly 4 million seniors experience food insecurity and do not know where their next meal will come from. Fewer than 10 percent of low-income seniors who need a meal delivered to their homes receive one. There are seniors across the country who may not have enough money to eat dinner tonight. 
For the generation that fought to de-
fend democracy and built our great Na-tion, we must do everything we can to make sure that seniors do not go hun-gry. Older Americans should not have to choose between buying medicine or keeping a roof over their heads or hav-ing food on the table. 
Providing home-delivered meals— 
Meals on Wheels—for seniors is not only the right thing to do, it makes good economic sense. Why is that? If frail seniors do not get the nutrition they need, they are more likely to fall and break a hip and wind up in the hos-pital emergency room or in a nursing home. At the end of the day, investing in nutrition which keeps seniors healthy actually saves us money by keeping them out of the hospital. 
Since 2006 when the Older Americans 
Act was last reauthorized, the U.S. population over 60 has grown by about 30 percent. Has funding gone up by 30 percent? No. In fact, funding has been basically flat, and when you account for inflation, funding has actually de-creased by about 12 percent. I strongly believe we should significantly expand funding for Older Americans Act pro-grams. 
The truth is that the priorities we 
hold—treating seniors with respect, making sure seniors have the food they need—have the overwhelming support of the American people. These prin-ciples are among the foundations of a just and fair society where people look forward to growing old. I thank my Senate colleagues for their support of this important reauthorization bill. I hope that my colleagues in the House of Representatives take up and pass this bill swiftly so that it can become law without any further delay. 
f 
INNOVATION SCHOOLS 
DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am joined by the chair and ranking member of the Health, Education, 
Labor and Pensions Committee to dis-cuss one of my amendments, White-house No. 2185, to the Every Child Achieves Act, which would establish an Innovation Schools Demonstration Au-thority. I thank them for their leader-ship on this important legislation and join them today to discuss the purpose 
of the amendment. 
Teachers and school leaders possess a 
unique understanding of the students and communities they serve. My amendment is intended to help schools address these unique needs through in-creased autonomy from local, State, and Federal regulations. In Rhode Is-land I have heard from school leaders who would like to extend the school day for struggling students, take own-ership over school budgeting and fi-nancing or manage their school’s human resources but are unable to do so because existing rules and regula-tions get in the way. The prospects of moving bureaucratic approaches at all three levels of government can be daunting, but this measure is designed to clear a path. 
Several States are already experi-
menting with increased school auton-omy. In Massachusetts, where State law allows for innovation status, schools are already benefiting from regulatory flexibility. In Revere, MA, the Paul Revere Elementary School uses regulatory flexibility around staffing, budgeting, scheduling, and curriculum to operate a school model that emphasizes staff collaboration and differentiated instruction. In Fal-mouth, MA, the Lawrence School is using regulatory flexibility to improve its governance and decisionmaking structure in a way that emphasizes fac-ulty input and satisfaction. In addition to Massachusetts, States as diverse as Colorado, Kentucky, Minnesota, and West Virginia have established State laws that promote innovation through autonomy. 
The Innovation Schools Demonstra-
tion Authority builds on these efforts by establishing a fast-track process to give public schools relief from the local, State, and Federal regulations that can be barriers to school-based in-novation. The program is designed to serve existing public schools, specifi-cally those where teachers, parents, ad-ministrators, and members of the com-munity are working together to imple-ment new, evidence-based models of teaching, learning, and school adminis-tration. When these existing schools are selected for innovation school des-ignation, they will be able to obtain ex-pedited relief from regulations that would otherwise prevent them from im-plementing their school vision. 
A key element of this program is 
that the whole school community wants to participate. Innovation schools must demonstrate support from administrators, parents, and at least two-thirds of the current teach-ing staff. They are encouraged to form advisory boards to bring community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.058 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5207 July 21, 2015 
expertise from businesses, higher edu-
cation, and community groups, among others, into school planning, oper-ations, and oversight. And, impor-tantly, innovation schools will remain part of their local education authority, serving as laboratories for experimen-tation, the benefits of which can serve as a model for other schools in the dis-trict. 
Mrs. MURRAY. I thank Senator 
W
HITEHOUSE . As ranking member of the 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, I support this amendment, which establishes a process for edu-cators in traditional public schools to pursue innovative, community-inspired strategies to improve education. My home State of Washington has bene-fited from educator-initiated innova-tion through the Washington Innova-tive Schools Program. I am proud to say that we now have almost thirty designated innovative schools that are pursuing creative and innovative edu-cational ideas with a high level of par-ent and community involvement. And while providing room for innovation is important, it is also essential that we maintain important Federal safe-guards. This is why under this amend-ment, innovation schools must still comply with part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. This program will ensure that we balance the need for flexibility while maintaining strong accountability. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank Senator 
W
HITEHOUSE for his work on this 
amendment. The thinking behind the Innovation Schools Demonstration Au-thority is consistent with the approach we have taken throughout the Every Child Achieves Act: returning more de-cisionmaking authority back to our 100,000 public schools and promoting greater flexibility in achieving high standards. This pilot program would allow for the creation of autonomous schools that would operate under the same accountability standards as other schools in the school district; however, these innovation schools would be granted flexibility to increase student achievement in innovative ways to best serve the needs of their students. Through increased autonomy and flexi-bility, innovation schools may see some of the same demonstrated suc-cesses as charter schools. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank Ranking 
Member M
URRAY and Chairman A LEX-
ANDER for their support. I hope this 
measure will meet all of our expecta-tions and create great examples of in-novative, student-centered public schools. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ST. MARY OF THE 
ASSUMPTION CATHOLIC CHURCH UPON ITS 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to honor St. Mary of the As-sumption Catholic Church in the Ger-man Village neighborhood of Colum-bus, OH, as it celebrates its 150th anni-
versary. In 1865, St. Mary initially op-erated under the leadership of Rev. Francis S. Specht in a building that featured a one-room church, one-room school and second-story rectory. In 1866, the parishioners began construc-tion on a German-gothic inspired church. In 1893, the parishioners built the iconic steeple, which rises to 197 feet and still stands tall today. 
The parish is home to more than 500 
families, with parishioners from 5 dif-ferent counties in Ohio. St. Mary also hosts more than 50 weddings each year and has approximately 230 students en-rolled in prekindergarten through the eighth grade. 
The parish mission is ‘‘to be of one 
mind and heart with the Church by lov-ing God with all our heart, all our mind, all our strength, all our soul; and by loving our neighbor as ourselves.’’ St. Mary fulfills its mission by sup-porting the needs of its congregation, hosting community activities, and edu-cating its students. Nearly 95 percent of the students at St. Mary have been fortunate enough to receive tuition as-sistance. 
I am here today to honor St. Mary of 
the Assumption and its congregation. I congratulate all who were involved in making its first 150 years a success. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE BOBBY FAMILY 
OF ROSCOE, SOUTH DAKOTA 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the Bobby family from Roscoe, SD, for their work in rail-road service. Roger, Duane, Albert, Bill, and Dale—led by their late father La Vern Bobby—have served a com-bined total of 232 years with the rail-road industry. The six men have worked with Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, and Pacific Railroads, all serving in the Maintenance of Way department throughout their careers. 
Following La Vern, who joined rail-
road service in 1955 after serving on a U.S. Navy destroyer in World War II, the Bobby boys have dedicated their lives to the railroad. Their railroad service has spanned across a variety of Midwestern States, including South Dakota, Minnesota, and Illinois. They have made many sacrifices, frequently traveling, moving, and leaving their families at home to fulfill their duties with the railroad. 
The entire Bobby family deserves 
recognition for their hard work ethic, patriotism, and service to the railroad system. I extend my sincere gratitude and appreciation to the Bobby family for their dedication to an industry that is vital to our economy by connecting our country and transporting goods. I hope that the Bobby legacy will con-tinue to thrive with the generations to come. ∑ MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-
TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS THAT WAS ESTABLISHED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 13581 ON JULY 24, 2011—PM21 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect be-yond July 24, 2015. 
The activities of significant 
transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of 
international political and economic systems. Such organizations are be-coming increasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increasingly entrenched in the op-erations of foreign governments and the international financial system, thereby weakening democratic institu-tions, degrading the rule of law, and undermining economic markets. These organizations facilitate and aggravate violent civil conflicts and increasingly facilitate the activities of other dan-gerous persons. 
The activities of significant 
transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and ex-traordinary threat to the national se-curity, foreign policy, and economy of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.024 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5208 July 21, 2015 
the United States. Therefore, I have de-
termined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to transnational criminal organiza-tions. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , July 21, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:03 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Novotny, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2898. An act to provide drought relief 
in the State of California, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), as amended, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following individ-uals on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States- China Economic and Security Review Commission, for a term expiring on De-cember 31, 2016: Mr. Larry Wortzel of Williamsburg, Virginia, and Mr. Peter Brookes of Springfield, Virginia. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 4:42 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. 
At 5:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2898. An act to provide drought relief 
in the State of California, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following joint resolution was 
discharged pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2159(i) and Section 601(b)(4) of Public Law 94– 329, and placed on the calendar: 
S.J. Res. 19. Joint resolution to express the 
disfavor of Congress regarding the proposed agreement for cooperation between the United States and the People’s Republic of 
China transmitted to the Congress by the President on April 21, 2015, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 3038. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2313. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Thiabendazole; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9929– 95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–2314. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Novaluron; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9929–57) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2315. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Distillates, (Fischer-Tropsch), heavy, C18-C50, branched, cyclic and linear; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9929–27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2316. A communication from the Chair-
man, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s annual report for calendar year 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2317. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Lieutenant General Noel T. Jones, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2318. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fications and Corrections to the Export Ad-ministration Regulations (EAR): Control of Spacecraft Systems and Related Items the President Determines No Longer Warrant Control Under the United States Munitions List (USML)’’ (RIN0694–AG59) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2319. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy 
Under Secretary (Legislative Affairs), re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2320. A communication from the Chair 
of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2321. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to pre-dispute arbitration clauses in consumer financial markets; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2322. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, reports entitled ‘‘The District’s School Modernization Program Has Failed to Comply with D.C. Code and Lacks Account-ability, Transparency and Basic Financial Management’’ and ‘‘Audits of Public School Construction Programs: A Literature Re-view’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2323. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Connecticut; Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Nonattainment New Source Review’’ (FRL No. 9927–32–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–2324. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; Mid-west Generation Variances’’ (FRL No. 9929– 71–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2325. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Redesignation Request and Associated Maintenance Plan for the Lancaster Non-attainment Area for the 1997 Annual and 2006 24-Hour Fine Particulate Matter Standard’’ (FRL No. 9930–56–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2326. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-vision to the Definition of Volatile Organic Compounds’’ (FRL No. 9930–63–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2327. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina; Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards Changes’’ (FRL No. 9930–76–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.005 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5209 July 21, 2015 
EC–2328. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Low Reid Vapor Pressure Regulations’’ (FRL No. 9930–79–Re-gion 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2329. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2008 Lead and 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9930–69–Re-gion 10) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2330. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘OPEN PHASE CONDITIONS IN ELECTRIC POWER SYS-TEM’’ (BTP 8–9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2331. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘PHYSICAL SECU-RITY—REVIEW OF PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM DESIGNS—STANDARD DESIGN CERTIFICATION AND OPERATING REAC-TOR LICENSING APPLICATIONS’’ (SRP 13.6.2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2332. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Research, Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Strategies and Guidance to Address Loss of Large Areas of the Plant Due to Explosions and Fires’’ (NUREG–0800, SRP Section 19.4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–2333. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revi-sion of Fee Schedules; Fee Recovery for Fis-cal Year 2015’’ ((RIN3150–AJ44) (NRC–2014– 0200)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2334. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transaction of In-terest Notice for Basket Contacts’’ (Notice 2015–48) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2335. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing Notice for Basket Option Contacts’’ (Notice 2015–47) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2336. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–133); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. 
EC–2337. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2014 annual report on voting prac-tices in the United Nations; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2338. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act’’ ((RIN0938–AS50) (CMS– 9940-F)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 15, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2339. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Veterinary Feed Directive; Correction’’ ((RIN0910–AG95) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0155)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2340. A communication from the Rules 
Administrator, Federal Bureau of Prisons, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Transfer of Offenders to Foreign Countries’’ (RIN1120–AB65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2341. A communication from the Rules 
Administrator, Federal Bureau of Prisons, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commutation of Sentence: Technical Change’’ (RIN1120–AB54) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2342. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards; Updating References’’ (RIN2900–AP22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2343. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Agency Interpretation of Prosthetic Re-placement of a Joint’’ (RIN2900–AP38) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2344. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘16 CFR PART 305— ENERGY AND WATER USE FOR LABEL-ING FOR CONSUMER PRODUCTS UNDER THE ENERGY POLICY AND CONSERVA-TION ACT (‘ENERGY LABELING RULE’)’’ (RIN3084–AA74) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2345. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2346. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone—Oil Exploration Staging Area in Goodhope Bay; Kotzebue Sound, AK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0267)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2347. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; 4th of July, Biscayne Bay, Miami, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0450)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 14, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–50. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to eliminate the current ban on crude oil ex-ports; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 94 
Whereas, the efficient exploration, produc-
tion, and transportation of oil in Louisiana prevents waste of the state’s natural re-sources; contributes to the health, welfare, and safety of the general public; and pro-motes the prosperity of the state; and 
Whereas, the tax revenues and economic 
prosperity deriving from this Louisiana en-ergy renaissance have greatly benefitted Louisiana public schools, higher education, critical infrastructure development, and public health and safety programs; and 
Whereas, improved technologies and abun-
dant resources have made the United States of America the world’s leading oil and nat-ural gas producer, overtaking Saudi Arabia and Russia; and 
Whereas, the 1970s-era federal law prohib-
iting crude oil exports is a relic from an era of scarcity and flawed price control policies; and 
Whereas, allowing American crude oil ex-
ports will strengthen U.S. geopolitical influ-ence by giving our trading partners a more secure source of supply, and allowing the ex-port of American crude oil will make our al-lies less dependent on crude oil from Russia and the Middle East; and 
Whereas, the world’s other major devel-
oped nations allow crude oil exports, making the U.S. the only nation that does not take full advantage of trading a valuable resource in what is an otherwise global free market; and 
Whereas, crude oil exports will benefit the 
U.S.’s national security interests by decreas-ing the likelihood that global oil supply can be used internationally as a strategic weap-on; and 
Whereas, numerous studies have found 
that allowing American crude oil into the world’s free market will benefit U.S. trade and American consumers while creating more high-paying jobs for Louisianians; and 
Whereas, the U.S. is the largest exporter of 
refined petroleum products and would ben-efit even more substantially from the export of both crude oil and refined petroleum prod-ucts; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.011 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5210 July 21, 2015 
Whereas, at least seven independent stud-
ies have confirmed that repealing the ban on American crude oil exports will lower U.S. gas prices, benefitting Louisiana consumers and businesses; and 
Whereas, many small and large Louisiana 
businesses that support oil and gas develop-ment will benefit from ongoing production; and 
Whereas, manufacturers will benefit from 
less volatility in energy costs; and 
Whereas, encouraging a global market-
place that is more free from artificial bar-riers will economically benefit Louisiana, the rest of the U.S., and our friends around the world: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the Legislature of Louisiana 
memorializes the Congress of the United States to recognize that crude oil exports and free trade are in the national interest and take all necessary steps to eliminate the current ban on crude oil exports; and be it further 
Resolved , That a copy of this Resolution 
shall be transmitted to the secretary of the United States Senate and the clerk of the United States House of Representatives and to each member of the Louisiana delegation to the United States Congress. 
POM–51. A petition by a citizen from the 
state of Texas relative to United States paper currency; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 546. A bill to establish the Railroad 
Emergency Services Preparedness, Oper-ational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RE-SPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommenda-tions on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials in-cidents involving railroads, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–85). 
S. 614. A bill to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–86). 
By Mr. ENZI, from the Committee on the 
Budget, without amendment: 
S. 1495. A bill to curtail the use of changes 
in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending (Rept. No. 114–87). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 1804. A bill to eliminate the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection by repealing title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, com-monly known as the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1805. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to provide flexibility to school food authorities in es-tablishing a price for paid school lunches; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1806. A bill to protect consumers from 
security and privacy threats to their motor vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 1807. A bill to require agencies to pub-
lish the categorization of certain proposed and final rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. J OHN-
SON): 
S. 1808. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. K
ING, 
and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1809. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to simplify the treatment of seasonal positions for purposes of the em-ployer shared responsibility requirement; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ): 
S. 1810. A bill to apply the provisions of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to Congressional members and members of the executive branch; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 1811. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Small Business Administration to es-tablish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARRASSO , and Mr. C ORNYN ): 
S. 1812. A bill to protect public safety by 
incentivizing State and local law enforce-ment to cooperate with Federal immigration law enforcement to prevent the release of criminal aliens into communities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ): 
S. 1813. A bill to establish a bus state of 
good repair program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. 
F
LAKE , and Mr. M CCAIN): 
S. 1814. A bill to withhold certain Federal 
funding from sanctuary cities; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 1815. A bill to require a process by which 
members of the Armed Forces may carry a concealed personal firearm on a military in-stallation; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUNT ): 
S. 1816. A bill to provide relief to commu-
nity banks, to promote access to capital for community banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ): 
S. 1817. A bill to improve the effectiveness 
of major rules in accomplishing their regu-latory objectives by promoting retrospective review, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. LANKFORD: 
S. 1818. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to reform the rule making proc-ess of agencies; to the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. DAINES: 
S. 1819. A bill to improve security at 
Armed Forces recruitment centers; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. LANKFORD: 
S. 1820. A bill to require agencies to pub-
lish an advance notice of proposed rule mak-ing for major rules; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. JOHNSON: 
S. 1821. A bill to permit service members to 
carry firearms on military installations, in-cluding reserve centers and recruitment of-fices; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. BOXER: 
S. 1822. A bill to take certain Federal land 
located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. MORAN: 
S. 1823. A bill to safeguard military per-
sonnel on Armed Forces military installa-tions by repealing bans on military per-sonnel carrying firearms, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: 
S. 1824. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating cer-tain land as the Finger Lakes National Her-itage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
TOOMEY ): 
S. Res. 224. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the area between the intersections of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and International Place, Northwest in Wash-ington, District of Columbia, should be des-ignated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. 
ERNST , and Mr. E NZI): 
S. Res. 225. A resolution honoring the Na-
tional Association of Women Business Own-ers on its 40th anniversary; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. Res. 226. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the street between the intersections of 16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, Northwest and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, North-west in Washington, District of Columbia, should be designated as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya Way’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
REID, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.017 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5211 July 21, 2015 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, 
Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
HELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
SHELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and 
Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 227. A resolution condemning the 
attacks of July 16, 2015, in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee, honoring the members of the Armed Forces who lost their lives, and expressing support and prayers for all those affected; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 51 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CRUZ) and the Senator from Kentucky 
(Mr. P AUL) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 51, a bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to prohibit family planning grants from being awarded to any entity that performs abortions, and for other purposes. 
S. 185 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 185, a bill to create a limited pop-ulation pathway for approval of certain antibacterial drugs. 
S. 238 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 238, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to issue oleoresin capsicum spray to offi-cers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program 
of pharmacist services. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 368 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 368, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons en-sure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institu-tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 540 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 540, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance certain improve-ments to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ), the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the Sen-
ator from Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. L EE), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. P ERDUE ), the Sen-
ator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) 
and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. S. 626 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
626, a bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physi-cians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appropriate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
683, a bill to extend the principle of fed-eralism to State drug policy, provide access to medical marijuana, and en-able research into the medicinal prop-erties of marijuana. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C ARPER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.016 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5212 July 21, 2015 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 804, supra. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for sys-tematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Parkinson’s disease, and other neurological dis-eases. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1380 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1380, a bill to support early learning. 
S. 1390 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1390, a bill to help provide re-lief to State education budgets during a recovering economy, to help fulfill the Federal mandate to provide higher educational opportunities for Native American Indians, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1445 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1445, a bill to improve the Microloan Program of the Small Busi-ness Administration. 
S. 1458 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1458, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure scientific transparency in the development of environmental regulations and for other purposes. 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from Flor-
ida (Mr. R UBIO) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs af-fecting the Crime Victims Fund to in-flate spending. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1538, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1603 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1603, a bill to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protec-tion Officers. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1640, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve immi-gration law enforcement within the in-terior of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1679 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1679, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1774, a bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to treat Puerto Rico as a State for purposes of chapter 9 of such title relating to the adjustment of debts of municipalities. 
S. 1779 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1779, a bill to prevent conflicts of interest that stem from executive Government employees receiving bo-nuses or other compensation arrange-ments from nongovernment sources, from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of fi-nancial services regulators, and from the revolving door that casts asper-sions over the awarding of Government contracts and other financial benefits. 
S. RES. 222 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 222, a resolu-tion expressing the sense of the Senate that the Federation Internationale de Football Association should imme-diately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same re-spect and dignity. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
BLUNT , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 1807. A bill to require agencies to 
publish the categorization of certain proposed and final rules, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Regulatory Im-pact Scale on the Economy Small Busi-ness Act, also known as the RISE Act. One of Congress’s most fundamental re-sponsibilities is to provide oversight to its vast regulatory structure, particu-larly as it pertains to small businesses. However, Congress lacks the proper framework to effectively monitor the impact of regulatory activity on small businesses. Today, there is no trans-
parent, standardized means to realize the economic scale of regulatory rules, either proposed or finalized, to frame their economic significance on a com-parative basis. Likewise, the American public also has no means to effectively gauge and monitor the significance of regulatory rules. With the current lack of scale, there is no means to categori-cally delineate between a ‘‘big regula-tion’’ and a ‘‘really big regulation,’’ re-sulting in less effective oversight. 
In addition, agencies wield tremen-
dous discretionary power in deter-mining whether required small busi-ness analysis applies. Today, regu-latory flexibility analysis is triggered when a proposed rule is determined by the issuing agency to have a ‘‘signifi-cant economic impact’’ on a substan-tial number of small entities. However, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.018 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5213 July 21, 2015 
Congress has provided no bright-line 
standard to determine what con-stitutes significant economic impact, allowing agencies to exercise an unnec-essary amount of leniency to bypass regulatory flexibility analysis, which is meant to give special consideration to small businesses. 
To improve both Congress and 
public’s ability to provide regulatory oversight, I recommend that Congress should require agencies to categorize each proposed and final rule based on the following categories of economic impact: category 1 between $100 million and $500 million; category 2 between $500 million and $1 billion; category 3 between $1 billion and $5 billion; cat-egory 4 between $5 billion and $10 bil-lion; and category 5 at $10 billion and over. To disallow agencies from abus-ing broad discretionary power, Con-gress should establish a bright-line standard for ‘‘significant economic im-pact’’ of $100 million. Providing such guidance will provide accountability and consistency across the vast regu-latory structure and provide effi-ciencies for Congress. I believe this im-portant piece of legislation will provide clarity and direction for our regulatory efforts, and I urge my colleagues to co-sponsor this bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1807 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory 
Impact Scale on the Economy Small Busi-ness Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE Small Busi-ness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CATEGORIZATION OF RULES. 
Section 553 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(f) C
ATEGORIZATION OF RULES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before an agency pro-
mulgates a proposed or final rule that the agency determines is likely to have an an-nual effect on the economy of not less than $100,000,000, the agency shall— 
‘‘(A) assign the rule to the applicable cat-
egory described in paragraph (2) based on the highest possible annual effect that the agen-cy determines the proposed or final rule is likely to have on the economy; and 
‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register the as-
signed category for the rule. 
‘‘(2) C
ATEGORIES .—A proposed or final rule 
is a— 
‘‘(A) category 1 rule, if the agency deter-
mines that the rule is likely to result in an annual effect on the economy of not less than $100,000,000 and not more than $499,999,999; 
‘‘(B) category 2 rule, if the agency deter-
mines that the rule is likely to result in an annual effect on the economy of not less than $500,000,000 and not more than $999,999,999; 
‘‘(C) category 3 rule, if the agency deter-
mines that the rule is likely to result in an annual effect on the economy of not less than $1,000,000,000 and not more than $4,999,999,999; ‘‘(D) category 4 rule, if the agency deter-
mines that the rule is likely to result in an annual effect on the economy of not less than $5,000,000,000 and not more than $9,999,999,999; and 
‘‘(E) category 5 rule, if the agency deter-
mines that the rule is likely to result in an annual effect on the economy of not less than $10,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION TO OIRA .—Each agency 
shall, on an annual basis, submit to the Ad-ministrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs a list of the rules, by cat-egory, that the agency published in the Fed-eral Register under paragraph (1) during the preceding year. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION ON OIRA WEBSITE .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date on which the Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs receives a list of rules from an agency under paragraph (3), the Administrator shall publish on www.reginfo.gov— 
‘‘(A) the list of rules received from the 
agency under paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(B) an estimate of the costs and benefits 
of each rule included on the list.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEFINING SIGNIFICANT ECONOMIC IM-
PACT FOR INITIAL AND FINAL REGU-LATORY FLEXIBILITY ANALYSES. 
Section 601 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph 6, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph 7, by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in paragraph 8— (A) by striking ‘‘R
ECORDKEEPING ’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) the term ‘significant economic impact’ 
means an annual economic effect of not less than $100,000,000.’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 224—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE AREA BE-TWEEN THE INTERSECTIONS OF INTERNATIONAL DRIVE, NORTH-WEST AND VAN NESS STREET, NORTHWEST AND INTER-NATIONAL DRIVE, NORTHWEST AND INTERNATIONAL PLACE, NORTHWEST IN WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, SHOULD BE DESIGNATED AS ‘‘LIU XIAOBO PLAZA’’ 
Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
T
OOMEY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 224 
Whereas June 4, 2015, marked the 26th an-
niversary of the brutal crackdown on protestors at Tiananmen Square in Beijing; 
Whereas Dr. Liu Xiaobo is a Chinese 
human rights activist and Nobel Laureate who is currently serving an 11-year prison sentence for inciting subversion against the Government of the People’s Republic of China; 
Whereas in recognition of Dr. Liu Xiaobo’s 
long and non-violent struggle for funda-mental human rights in the People’s Repub-lic of China, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October 2010; and Whereas renaming a portion of the street 
in front of the Embassy of the People’s Re-public of China in the District of Columbia after Dr. Liu Xiaobo serves as an expression of solidarity between the people of the United States and the people of the People’s Republic of China who are, like Dr. Liu Xiaobo, engaged in a long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, that it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the area between the intersections of 
International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and International Place, North-west in Washington, District of Columbia, should be known and designated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’, and any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record to that area should be deemed to be a reference to Liu Xiaobo Plaza; 
(2) the address of 3505 International Place, 
Northwest, Washington, District of Colum-bia, should be redesignated as 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza, and any reference in a law, map, regu-lation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to that address should be deemed to be a reference to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza; and 
(3) the Administrator of General Services 
should construct street signs that— 
(A) contain the phrase ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’; (B) are similar in design to the signs used 
by Washington, District of Columbia, to des-ignate the location of Metro stations; and 
(C) should be placed on— (i) the parcel of Federal property that is 
closest to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza (as described in paragraph (2)); and 
(ii) the street corners of International 
Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 225—HON-
ORING THE NATIONAL ASSOCIA-TION OF WOMEN BUSINESS OWN-ERS ON ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C OONS , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. E RNST , 
and Mr. E NZI) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 225 
Whereas women-owned businesses are one 
of the fastest-growing segments of the United States economy; 
Whereas 13,600,000 firms are 50 percent or 
more owned by women, and these businesses employ nearly 15,900,000 people and generate $2,700,000,000,000 in revenue as of 2013; 
Whereas empowering more women entre-
preneurs and business owners is important to the economic future of the United States; 
Whereas the National Association of 
Women Business Owners (NAWBO) was es-tablished in 1975 by a group of like-minded businesswomen to serve as the collective voice of women business owners across the country and advocate on behalf of their en-trepreneurial interests; 
Whereas NAWBO’s roots are in public pol-
icy, and NAWBO played an integral role in the passage of the Women’s Business Owner-ship Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–533; 102 Stat. 2689); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.021 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5214 July 21, 2015 
Whereas NAWBO remains focused on col-
laborating to create a business-friendly envi-ronment at the Federal, State, and local lev-els to enable women to start and grow their businesses and create jobs; and 
Whereas NAWBO represents a diverse uni-
verse of women business owners across an array of sectors in the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate commends the 
National Association of Women Business Owners for its tireless efforts and decades of support of women entrepreneurs and busi-ness owners and congratulates the National Association of Women Business Owners on its 40th anniversary. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 226—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE STREET BE-TWEEN THE INTERSECTIONS OF 16TH STREET, NORTHWEST AND FULLER STREET, NORTHWEST AND 16TH STREET, NORTHWEST AND EUCLID STREET, NORTH-WEST IN WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, SHOULD BE DES-IGNATED AS ‘‘OSWALDO PAYA WAY’’ 
Mr. CRUZ submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 226 
Whereas Fidel Castro and Raul Castro have 
been the autocratic rulers of the Republic of Cuba for 56 years; 
Whereas Fidel Castro and Raul Castro have 
relentlessly and consistently oppressed any efforts to bring democratic freedoms and human rights to the people of the Republic of Cuba for this 56-year period; 
Whereas Oswaldo Paya ´was a Cuban polit-
ical dissident dedicated to promoting demo-cratic freedoms and human rights in the Re-public of Cuba; 
Whereas the Communist Party of Cuba has 
always viewed such commitment to freedom as a threat to its existence; 
Whereas on July 22, 2012, a violent car 
crash, widely believed to have been carried out by the Castro regime, took the lives of Paya´and Harold Cepero, another dissident; 
Whereas the official investigation into the 
crash has been demonstrated to be com-promised and the Castro regime has offered no plausible evidence of its innocence, leav-ing the circumstances of the death of Paya ´ 
unknown; 
Whereas opposition by Paya ´to the Com-
munist Party of Cuba began at a young age, when he refused to become a member of the Young Communist League as a primary school student, and continued through high school when he publically criticized the in-vasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union; 
Whereas the Communist Party of Cuba re-
sponded to the opposition by Paya ´to the in-
vasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union by sending Paya ´to a labor camp for 3 
years; 
Whereas Paya ´forewent a chance to escape 
the Republic of Cuba in the 1980 Mariel boatlift, deciding instead to continue the fight for democracy in the Republic of Cuba, saying, ‘‘This is what I am supposed to be, this is what I have to do.’’; 
Whereas by creating the Varela Project in 
1998, Paya ´demonstrated his staunch com-
mitment to peacefully advocating for free-
dom of speech and freedom of assembly for his fellow Cubans; 
Whereas in recognition of his determina-
tion for political reforms through peaceful protests, Paya ´was awarded the Sakharov 
Prize for Freedom of Thought by the Euro-pean Parliament in 2002, the W. Averell Har-riman Democracy Award from the National Democratic Institute for International Af-fairs in 2003, and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by former Czech President Va´clav Havel in 2005; and 
Whereas renaming the street in front of 
the Embassy of the Republic of Cuba in the District of Columbia after Paya ´serves as an 
expression of solidarity between the people of the United States and the people of the Republic of Cuba who are engaged in a long, non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the street between the intersections of 
16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, Northwest and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, should be designated as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya ´Way’’, and any reference in a 
law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record to that area should be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Oswaldo Paya ´Way’’; 
(2) the address of 2630 16th Street, North-
west, Washington, District of Columbia, should be redesignated as 2630 Oswaldo Paya ´ 
Way, and any reference in a law, map, regu-lation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to that address should be deemed to be a reference to 2630 Oswaldo Paya´Way; and 
(3) the Administrator of General Services 
should construct street signs that— 
(A) contain the phrase ‘‘Oswaldo Paya ´ 
Way’’; 
(B) are similar in design to the signs used 
by Washington, District of Columbia, to des-ignate the location of Metro stations; and 
(C) should be placed on— (i) the parcel of Federal property that is 
closest to Oswaldo Paya ´Way (as described in 
paragraph (2)); and 
(ii) the street corners of 16th Street, 
Northwest and Fuller Street, Northwest and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Colum-bia. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 227—CON-
DEMNING THE ATTACKS OF JULY 16, 2015, IN CHATTANOOGA, TENNESSEE, HONORING THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES, AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT AND PRAYERS FOR ALL THOSE AF-FECTED 
Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EIDof 
Nevada, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. 
KIRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED of 
Rhode Island, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
SULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 227 
Whereas on July 16, 2015, an Armed Forces 
Recruitment Center and the Navy Oper-ational Support Center in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee, were attacked, killing 5 members of the Armed Forces; 
Whereas Gunnery Sergeant Thomas Sul-
livan, of Massachusetts, served his country with honor and distinction, including during 2 deployments to Iraq, and was twice award-ed the Purple Heart; 
Whereas Staff Sergeant David Wyatt, of 
North Carolina, served his country with honor and distinction, including during 2 de-ployments to Iraq; 
Whereas Sergeant Carson Holmquist, of 
Wisconsin, served his country with honor and distinction, including during 2 deploy-ments to Afghanistan; 
Whereas Lance Corporal Squire K. Wells, of 
Georgia, served his country with honor and distinction, having recently completed basic training; 
Whereas Petty Officer Second Class Ran-
dall Smith, of Ohio, served his country with honor and distinction, had recently re-en-listed in the Navy, and survived for almost 2 
days before succumbing to catastrophic inju-ries; 
Whereas Chattanooga police officer Ser-
geant Dennis Pedigo, Jr. was seriously wounded in the course of his duties; 
Whereas the swift and courageous response 
by law enforcement officers and first re-sponders prevented additional loss of life; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
stand united around the community of Chat-tanooga and the families of the victims to support all those affected and pray for heal-ing and peace: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the attacks of July 16, 2015, in 
Chattanooga, Tennessee; 
(2) honors the sacrifice and memory of the 
5 members of the Armed Forces who lost their lives; 
(3) recognizes the skill and heroism of the 
law enforcement officers, members of the Armed Forces, and first responders who came to the aid of others; 
(4) commends the efforts of those who are 
working to care for the injured and inves-tigate this horrific incident; 
(5) extends its heartfelt condolences and 
prayers to the families of the fallen, and to all those affected in the community of Chat-tanooga and in the United States; and 
(6) pledges to continue to work together to 
prevent future attacks. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2258. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.024 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5215 July 21, 2015 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for pur-poses of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2259. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2260. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2261. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2262. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2263. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2264. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2265. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2266. Mr. McCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2267. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2258. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SONORAN CORRIDOR INTERSTATE 
DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the des-
ignation of the Sonoran Corridor Interstate connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport as a future part of the Interstate System would— 
(1) enhance direct linkage between major 
trading routes connecting growing ports, ag-ricultural regions, infrastructure and manu-facturing centers, and existing high priority corridors of the National Highway System; and 
(2) significantly improve connectivity on 
the future Interstate 11 and the CANAMEX Corridor, a route directly linking the United States with Mexico and Canada. 
(b) H
IGHPRIORITY CORRIDORS ON NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—Section 1105(c) of the 
Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2032; 119 Stat. 1210) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(81) State Route 410, the Sonoran Corridor 
connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport.’’. 
(c) F
UTURE PARTS OF INTERSTATE SYS-
TEM.—Section 1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2033; 119 Stat. 1213) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘and sub-section (c)(57)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), and subsection (c)(81)’’. 
SA 2259. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and 
Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR 
CERTAIN CONGRESSIONAL MEM-BERS AND MEMBERS OF THE EXECU-TIVE BRANCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1312(d)(3)(D) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(D)), Members of Congress, the President, Vice President, and all other political appointees shall purchase health insurance coverage through a health exchange established under such Act and shall receive no Federal sub-sidy or contribution to the costs of such cov-erage that is not also otherwise available to individuals at a similar income level. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) M EMBER OF CONGRESS .—The term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’ shall have the mean-ing given such term in section 1312(d)(3)(D)(ii)(I) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(D)(ii)(I)). 
(2) P
OLITICAL APPOINTEE .—The term ‘‘polit-
ical appointee’’ means any individual who— 
(A) is employed in a position described 
under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code, (relating to the Execu-tive Schedule); 
(B) is a limited term appointee, limited 
emergency appointee, or noncareer ap-pointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; 
(C) is employed in a position in the execu-
tive branch of the Government of a confiden-tial or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations; or 
(D) is employed in or under the Executive 
Office of the President in a position that is excluded from the competitive service by reason of its confidential, policy-deter-mining, policy-making, or policy-advocating character. 
SA 2260. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON SANCTIONS RELIEF 
FOR IRAN. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanc-tions pursuant to an agreement with Iran re-lating to Iran’s nuclear program until— 
(1) the Government of Iran has recognized 
Israel’s right to exist; and 
(2) the Government of Iran has released all 
American prisoners of conscience who are being unjustly held in Iranian jails, includ-ing Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian, and located and returned Robert Levinson. 
SA 2261. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. RECIPROCITY FOR THE CARRYING OF 
CERTAIN CONCEALED FIREARMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 44 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 926C the following: 
‘‘§ 926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-
tain concealed firearms 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
provision of the law of any State or political subdivision thereof to the contrary— 
‘‘(1) an individual who is not prohibited by 
Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and a valid license or permit which is issued pursuant to the law of a State and which permits the individual to carry a concealed firearm, may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a ma-chinegun or destructive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign commerce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— 
‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of 
the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or 
‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-
cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes; and 
‘‘(2) an individual who is not prohibited by 
Federal law from possessing, transporting, shipping, or receiving a firearm, and who is carrying a government-issued photographic identification document and is entitled and not prohibited from carrying a concealed firearm in the State in which the individual resides otherwise than as described in para-graph (1), may possess or carry a concealed handgun (other than a machinegun or de-structive device) that has been shipped or transported in interstate or foreign com-merce in any State other than the State of residence of the individual that— 
‘‘(A) has a statute that allows residents of 
the State to obtain licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.027 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5216 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) does not prohibit the carrying of con-
cealed firearms by residents of the State for lawful purposes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—The 
possession or carrying of a concealed hand-gun in a State under this section shall be subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, except as to eligibility to possess or carry, imposed by or under Federal or State law or the law of a political subdivision of a State, that apply to the possession or car-rying of a concealed handgun by residents of the State or political subdivision who are li-censed by the State or political subdivision to do so, or not prohibited by the State from doing so. 
‘‘(c) U
NRESTRICTED LICENSE OR PERMIT .—In 
a State that allows the issuing authority for licenses or permits to carry concealed fire-arms to impose restrictions on the carrying of firearms by individual holders of such li-censes or permits, an individual carrying a concealed handgun under this section shall be permitted to carry a concealed handgun according to the same terms authorized by an unrestricted license of or permit issued to a resident of the State. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to preempt any provision of State law with respect to the issuance of licenses or permits to carry concealed firearms.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 926C the fol-lowing: 
‘‘926D. Reciprocity for the carrying of cer-
tain concealed firearms.’’. 
(c) S
EVERABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, if any provision of this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, or the application of such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, this Act and amendments made by this Act and the appli-cation of such provision or amendment to other persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2262. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . INTERNET TAX FREEDOM FOREVER 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Internet Tax Freedom Forever Act’’. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Internet has continued to drive eco-
nomic growth, productivity and innovation since the Internet Tax Freedom Act was first enacted in 1998. 
(2) The Internet promotes a nationwide 
economic environment that facilitates inno-vation, promotes efficiency, and empowers people to broadly share their ideas. 
(3) According to the National Broadband 
Plan, cost remains the biggest barrier to consumer broadband adoption. Keeping 
Internet access affordable promotes con-sumer access to this critical gateway to jobs, education, healthcare, and entrepreneurial opportunities, regardless of race, income, or neighborhood. 
(4) Small business owners rely heavily on 
affordable Internet access, providing them with access to new markets, additional con-sumers, and an opportunity to compete in the global economy. 
(5) Economists have recognized that exces-
sive taxation of innovative communications technologies reduces economic welfare more than taxes on other sectors of the economy. 
(6) The provision of affordable access to the 
Internet is fundamental to the American economy and access to it must be protected from multiple and discriminatory taxes at the State and local level. 
(7) As a massive global network that spans 
political boundaries, the Internet is inher-ently a matter of interstate and foreign com-merce within the jurisdiction of the United States Congress under article I, section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
(c) P
ERMANENT MORATORIUM ON INTERNET  
ACCESS TAXES AND MULTIPLE AND DISCRIMI -
NATORY TAXES ON ELECTRONIC COMMERCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1101(a) of the 
Internet Tax Freedom Act (47 U.S.C. 151 note), as amended by section 624 of the Con-solidated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), is amended by striking ‘‘during the period be-ginning November 1, 2003, and ending Octo-ber 1, 2015’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection shall apply to taxes imposed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2263. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CONDITION ON RECEIPT OF FEDERAL 
FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no Federal funds shall be made avail-able to any entity unless the entity certifies that, during the period beginning on the date of receipt of such funds and ending on the date such funds are exhausted, the entity will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion unless in reasonable medical judg-ment, the abortion is necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman whose life is endan-gered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life-endan-gering physical condition caused by or aris-ing from the pregnancy itself, but not in-cluding psychological or emotional condi-tions. 
SA 2264. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the 
employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF THE PATIENT PROTECTION 
AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND THE HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2010. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) P ATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE  
CARE ACT .—Effective on the date that is 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
(2) H
EALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILI -
ATION ACT OF 2010 .—Effective on the date that 
is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Health Care and Education Rec-onciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or re-vived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
(b) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF THISSECTION .— 
The budgetary effects of this section, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this section, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, as long as such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage of this section. 
SA 2265. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. DENIAL OF HIGHWAY FUNDING FOR IM-
PLEMENTATION OF UNAUTHORIZED IMMIGRATION ACTIONS. 
(a) F EDERAL HIGHWAY FUND SUSPENSION  
PENDING IMMIGRATION STATUTE COMPLI -
ANCE .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, no amounts made available to the De-partment of Transportation or to any other Federal agency, or otherwise deposited into any Federal, State, or local account that provides funding for interstate or intrastate highway construction or repair in any State, may be used until the United States Govern-ment ceases to apply or otherwise enforce the policies set forth in the all of the fol-lowing memoranda and any documents re-lated to such memoranda: 
(1) The memorandum issued by the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement on March 2, 2011, and entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration Enforcement: Priorities for the Apprehension, Detention, and Re-moval of Aliens’’. 
(2) The memorandum issued by the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement on June 17, 2011, and entitled ‘‘Ex-ercising Prosecutorial Discretion Consistent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.029 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5217 July 21, 2015 
with the Civil Immigration Enforcement Pri-
orities of the Agency for the Apprehension, Detention, and Removal of Aliens’’. 
(3) The memorandum issued by the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement on June 17, 2011, and entitled ‘‘Prosecutorial Discretion: Certain Victims, Witnesses, and Plaintiffs’’. 
(4) The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration 
Services policy memorandum issued on No-vember 17, 2011, and entitled ‘‘Revised Guid-ance for the Referral of Cases and Issuance of Notices to Appear (NTAs) in Cases Involving Inadmissible and Removable Aliens’’. 
(5) The memorandum issued by the Prin-
cipal Legal Advisor of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on November 17, 2011, and entitled ‘‘Case-by-Case Review of Incom-ing and Certain Pending Cases’’. 
(6) The recommendations included in the 
report issued by the Director of U.S. Immi-
gration and Customs Enforcement on April 27, 2012, and entitled ‘‘ICE Response to the Task Force on Secure Communities Findings and Recommendations’’. 
(7) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on June 15, 2012, and entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’. 
(8) The memorandum issued by the Direc-
tor of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement on December 21, 2012, and entitled ‘‘Civil Immigration Enforcement: Guidance on the Use of Detainers in the Federal, State, Local, and Tribal Criminal Justice Systems’’. 
(9) The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration 
Services policy memorandum issued on No-vember 14, 2013, and entitled ‘‘Adjudication of Adjustment of Status Applications for In-dividuals Admitted to the United States Under the Visa Waiver Program’’. 
(10) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Southern Border and Approaches Campaign’’. 
(11) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Policies for the Appre-hension, Detention and Removal of Undocu-mented Immigrants’’. 
(12) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Secure Communities’’. 
(13) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Individuals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Perma-nent Residents’’. 
(14) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Pro-visional Waiver Program’’. 
(15) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Policies Supporting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’. 
(16) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’. 
(17) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Parole’’. 
(18) The memorandum issued by the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security on November 20, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizenship’’. 
(19) The memorandum issued by the Presi-
dent on November 21, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Im-migrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’. (20) The memorandum issued by the Presi-
dent on November 21, 2014, and entitled ‘‘Cre-ating Welcoming Communities and Fully In-tegrating Immigrants and Refugees’’. 
(b) E
XECUTIVE BRANCH DEMONSTRATION OF  
IMMIGRATION STATUTE COMPLIANCE .—The 
amounts described in subsection (a) will not be available for the uses described in such subsection until after the President, in con-junction with, and with the approval of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the At-torney General, submits a letter to Congress certifying that— 
(1) the memoranda listed in subsection (a) 
have been formally withdrawn; 
(2) no other memoranda or documentation 
with similar content have been issued; and 
(3) the United States Government intends 
to comply with all immigration enforcement requirements established by any Federal statute, including the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) and the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104– 208). 
(c) F
EDERAL HIGHWAY FUNDS UNAVAILABLE  
FOR ILLEGAL WORKERS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, no amounts made available to the Department of Transpor-tation or to any other Federal agency, or otherwise deposited into any Federal, State, or local account that provides funding for interstate or intrastate highway construc-tion or repair in any State, may be used to pay the salary, wages, benefits, or any other compensation of any person who has been di-rectly or indirectly authorized to work in the United States pursuant to any of the memoranda listed in subsection (a) or any other documentation with similar content. 
SA 2266. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Developing 
a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act’’ or the ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into 8 
divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A–Federal-aid Highways and 
Highway Safety Construction Programs. 
(2) Division B–Public Transportation. (3) Division C–Comprehensive Transpor-
tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015. 
(4) Division D–Freight and Major Projects. (5) Division E–Finance. (6) Division F–Miscellaneous. (7) Division G–Surface Transportation Ex-
tension. 
(8) Division H–Budgetary Effects. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; 
table of contents. 
Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Effective date. DIVISION A—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
AND HIGHWAY SAFETY CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
Sec. 11001. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 11002. Obligation ceiling. Sec. 11003. Apportionment. Sec. 11004. Surface transportation program. Sec. 11005. Metropolitan transportation 
planning. 
Sec. 11006. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Sec. 11007. Highway use tax evasion projects. Sec. 11008. Bundling of bridge projects. Sec. 11009. Flexibility for certain rural road 
and bridge projects. 
Sec. 11010. Construction of ferry boats and 
ferry terminal facilities. 
Sec. 11011. Highway safety improvement 
program. 
Sec. 11012. Data collection on unpaved pub-
lic roads. 
Sec. 11013. Congestion mitigation and air 
quality improvement program. 
Sec. 11014. Transportation alternatives. Sec. 11015. Consolidation of programs. Sec. 11016. State flexibility for National 
Highway System modifications. 
Sec. 11017. Toll roads, bridges, tunnels, and 
ferries. 
Sec. 11018. HOV facilities. Sec. 11019. Interstate system reconstruction 
and rehabilitation pilot pro-gram. 
Sec. 11020. Emergency relief for federally 
owned roads. 
Sec. 11021. Bridges requiring closure or load 
restrictions. 
Sec. 11022. National electric vehicle charg-
ing and natural gas fueling cor-ridors. 
Sec. 11023. Asset management. Sec. 11024. Tribal transportation program 
amendment. 
Sec. 11025. Nationally significant Federal 
lands and Tribal projects pro-gram. 
Sec. 11026. Federal lands programmatic ac-
tivities. 
Sec. 11027. Federal lands transportation pro-
gram. 
Sec. 11028. Innovative project delivery. Sec. 11029. Obligation and release of funds. 
Subtitle B—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
Sec. 11101. Categorical exclusion for projects 
of limited Federal assistance. 
Sec. 11102. Programmatic agreement tem-
plate. 
Sec. 11103. Agency coordination. Sec. 11104. Initiation of environmental re-
view process. 
Sec. 11105. Improving collaboration for ac-
celerated decision making. 
Sec. 11106. Accelerated decisionmaking in 
environmental reviews. 
Sec. 11107. Improving transparency in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 11108. Integration of planning and envi-
ronmental review. 
Sec. 11109. Use of programmatic mitigation 
plans. 
Sec. 11110. Adoption of Departmental envi-
ronmental documents. 
Sec. 11111. Technical assistance for States. Sec. 11112. Surface transportation project 
delivery program. 
Sec. 11113. Categorical exclusions for 
multimodal projects. 
Sec. 11114. Modernization of the environ-
mental review process. 
Sec. 11115. Service club, charitable associa-
tion, or religious service signs. 
Sec. 11116. Satisfaction of requirements for 
certain historic sites. 
Sec. 11117. Bridge exemption from consider-
ation under certain provisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:14 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.030 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5218 July 21, 2015 
Sec. 11118. Elimination of barriers to im-
prove at-risk bridges. 
Sec. 11119. At-risk project preagreement au-
thority. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 11201. Credits for untaxed transpor-
tation fuels. 
Sec. 11202. Justification reports for access 
points on the Interstate Sys-tem. 
Sec. 11203. Exemptions. Sec. 11204. High priority corridors on the 
National Highway System. 
Sec. 11205. Repeat intoxicated driver law. Sec. 11206. Vehicle-to-infrastructure equip-
ment. 
Sec. 11207. Relinquishment. Sec. 11208. Transfer and sale of toll credits. Sec. 11209. Regional infrastructure accel-
erator demonstration program. 
TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION 
INNOVATION 
Subtitle A—Research 
Sec. 12001. Research, technology, and edu-
cation. 
Sec. 12002. Intelligent transportation sys-
tems. 
Sec. 12003. Future interstate study. Sec. 12004. Researching surface transpor-
tation system funding alter-natives. 
Subtitle B—Data 
Sec. 12101. Tribal data collection. 
Sec. 12102. Performance management data 
support program. 
Subtitle C—Transparency and Best Practices 
Sec. 12201. Every Day Counts initiative. 
Sec. 12202. Department of Transportation 
performance measures. 
Sec. 12203. Grant program for achievement 
in transportation for perform-ance and innovation. 
Sec. 12204. Highway trust fund transparency 
and accountability. 
Sec. 12205. Report on highway trust fund ad-
ministrative expenditures. 
Sec. 12206. Availability of reports. Sec. 12207. Performance period adjustment. Sec. 12208. Design standards. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVA-TION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
Sec. 13001. Transportation Infrastructure Fi-
nance and Innovation Act of 1998 amendments. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
Sec. 14001. Technical corrections. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 15001. Appalachian development high-
way system. 
Sec. 15002. Appalachian regional develop-
ment program. 
Sec. 15003. Water infrastructure finance and 
innovation. 
Sec. 15004. Administrative provisions to en-
courage pollinator habitat and forage on transportation rights- of-way. 
Sec. 15005. Study on performance of bridges. Sec. 15006. Sport fish restoration and rec-
reational boating safety. 
DIVISION B—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
TITLE XXI—FEDERAL PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
Sec. 21001. Short title. 
Sec. 21002. Definitions. Sec. 21003. Metropolitan transportation 
planning. 
Sec. 21004. Statewide and nonmetropolitan 
transportation planning. 
Sec. 21005. Urbanized area formula grants. Sec. 21006. Fixed guideway capital invest-
ment grants. Sec. 21007. Mobility of seniors and individ-
uals with disabilities. 
Sec. 21008. Formula grants for rural areas. Sec. 21009. Research, development, dem-
onstration, and deployment program. 
Sec. 21010. Private sector participation. Sec. 21011. Innovative procurement. Sec. 21012. Human resources and training. Sec. 21013. General provisions. Sec. 21014. Project management oversight. Sec. 21015. Public transportation safety pro-
gram. 
Sec. 21016. State of good repair grants. Sec. 21017. Authorizations. Sec. 21018. Grants for bus and bus facilities. Sec. 21019. Salary of Federal Transit Admin-
istrator. 
Sec. 21020. Technical and conforming 
amendments. 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 31001. Short title. 
Sec. 31002. References to title 49, United 
States Code. 
Sec. 31003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXXI—OFFICE OF THE 
SECRETARY 
Subtitle A—Accelerating Project Delivery 
Sec. 31101. Delegation of authority. 
Sec. 31102. Infrastructure Permitting Im-
provement Center. 
Sec. 31103. Accelerated decision-making in 
environmental reviews. 
Sec. 31104. Environmental review alignment 
and reform. 
Sec. 31105. Multimodal categorical exclu-
sions. 
Sec. 31106. Improving transparency in envi-
ronmental reviews. 
Sec. 31107. Local transportation infrastruc-
ture program. 
Subtitle B—Research 
Sec. 31201. Findings. 
Sec. 31202. Modal research plans. 
Sec. 31203. Consolidated research prospectus 
and strategic plan. 
Sec. 31204. Research Ombudsman. Sec. 31205. Smart cities transportation plan-
ning study. 
Sec. 31206. Bureau of Transportation Statis-
tics independence. 
Sec. 31207. Conforming amendments. Sec. 31208. Repeal of obsolete office. 
Subtitle C—Port Performance Act 
Sec. 31301. Short title. 
Sec. 31302. Findings. Sec. 31303. Port performance freight statis-
tics program. 
TITLE XXXII—COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE AND DRIVER PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Compliance, Safety, and 
Accountability Reform 
Sec. 32001. Correlation study. 
Sec. 32002. Safety improvement metrics. Sec. 32003. Data certification. Sec. 32004. Data improvement. Sec. 32005. Accident report information. Sec. 32006. Post-accident report review. Sec. 32007. Recognizing excellence in safety. Sec. 32008. High risk carrier reviews. 
Subtitle B—Transparency and 
Accountability 
Sec. 32201. Rulemaking requirements. 
Sec. 32202. Petitions for regulatory relief. Sec. 32203. Inspector standards. Sec. 32204. Technology improvements. 
Subtitle C—Trucking Rules Updated by 
Comprehensive and Key Safety Reform 
Sec. 32301. Update on statutory require-
ments. 
Sec. 32302. Statutory rulemaking. Sec. 32303. Guidance reform. Sec. 32304. Petitions. 
Sec. 32305. Regulatory reform. 
Subtitle D—State Authorities 
Sec. 32401. Emergency route working group. 
Sec. 32402. Additional State authority. Sec. 32403. Commercial driver access. 
Subtitle E—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
Sec. 32501. Definitions. 
Sec. 32502. Grants to States. Sec. 32503. New entrant safety review pro-
gram study. 
Sec. 32504. Performance and registration in-
formation systems manage-ment. 
Sec. 32505. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 32506. Commercial driver’s license pro-
gram implementation. 
Sec. 32507. Extension of Federal motor car-
rier safety programs for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 32508. Motor carrier safety assistance 
program allocation. 
Sec. 32509. Maintenance of effort calcula-
tion. 
Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
Sec. 32601. Windshield technology. 
Sec. 32602. Electronic logging devices re-
quirements. 
Sec. 32603. Lapse of required financial secu-
rity; suspension of registration. 
Sec. 32604. Access to National Driver Reg-
ister. 
Sec. 32605. Study on commercial motor vehi-
cle driver commuting. 
Sec. 32606. Household goods consumer pro-
tection working group. 
Sec. 32607. Interstate van operations. Sec. 32608. Report on design and implemen-
tation of wireless roadside in-spection systems. 
Sec. 32609. Motorcoach hours of service 
study. 
Sec. 32610. GAO Review of school bus safety. Sec. 32611. Use of hair testing for preemploy-
ment and random controlled substances tests. 
TITLE XXXIII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
Sec. 33101. Endorsements. 
Sec. 33102. Enhanced reporting. Sec. 33103. Hazardous material information. Sec. 33104. National emergency and disaster 
response. 
Sec. 33105. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Highway Traffic Safety 
PART I—H
IGHWAY SAFETY  
Sec. 34101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 34102. Highway safety programs. Sec. 34103. Grants for alcohol-ignition inter-
lock laws and 24–7 sobriety pro-grams. 
Sec. 34104. Repeat offender criteria. Sec. 34105. Study on the national roadside 
survey of alcohol and drug use by drivers. 
Sec. 34106. Increasing public awareness of 
the dangers of drug-impaired driving. 
Sec. 34107. Improvement of data collection 
on child occupants in vehicle crashes. 
PART II—S
TOPMOTORCYCLE CHECKPOINT  
FUNDING ACT 
Sec. 34121. Short title. 
Sec. 34122. Grant restriction. 
PART III—I MPROVING DRIVER SAFETY ACT OF  
2015 
Sec. 34131. Short title. 
Sec. 34132. Distracted driving incentive 
grants. 
Sec. 34133. Barriers to data collection re-
port. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5219 July 21, 2015 
Sec. 34134. Minimum requirements for State 
graduated driver licensing in-centive grant program. 
PART IV—T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  
AMENDMENTS  
Sec. 34141. Technical corrections to the 
Motor Vehicle and Highway Safety Improvement Act of 2012. 
Subtitle B—Vehicle Safety 
Sec. 34201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 34202. Inspector General recommenda-
tions. 
Sec. 34203. Improvements in availability of 
recall information. 
Sec. 34204. Recall process. Sec. 34205. Pilot grant program for State no-
tification to consumers of motor vehicle recall status. 
Sec. 34206. Recall obligations under bank-
ruptcy. 
Sec. 34207. Dealer requirement to check for 
open recall. 
Sec. 34208. Extension of time period for rem-
edy of tire defects. 
Sec. 34209. Rental car safety. Sec. 34210. Increase in civil penalties for vio-
lations of motor vehicle safety. 
Sec. 34211. Electronic odometer disclosures. Sec. 34212. Corporate responsibility for 
NHTSA reports. 
Sec. 34213. Direct vehicle notification of re-
calls. 
Sec. 34214. Unattended children warning. Sec. 34215. Tire pressure monitoring system. 
Subtitle C—Research and Development and 
Vehicle Electronics 
Sec. 34301. Report on operations of the Coun-
cil for Vehicle Electronics, Ve-hicle Software, and Emerging Technologies. 
Sec. 34302. Cooperation with foreign govern-
ments. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—D
RIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34401. Short title. 
Sec. 34402. Limitations on data retrieval 
from vehicle event data record-ers. 
Sec. 34403. Vehicle event data recorder 
study. 
PART II—S
AFETY THROUGH INFORMED  
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34421. Short title. 
Sec. 34422. Passenger motor vehicle informa-
tion. 
PART III—T IREEFFICIENCY , SAFETY , AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
Sec. 34431. Short title. 
Sec. 34432. Tire fuel efficiency minimum per-
formance standards. 
Sec. 34433. Tire registration by independent 
sellers. 
Sec. 34434. Tire recall database. 
TITLE XXXV—RAILROAD REFORM, 
ENHANCEMENT, AND EFFICIENCY 
Sec. 35001. Short title. 
Sec. 35002. Passenger transportation; defini-
tions. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 35101. Authorization of grants to Am-
trak. 
Sec. 35102. National infrastructure and safe-
ty investments. 
Sec. 35103. Authorization of appropriations 
for National Transportation Safety Board rail investiga-tions. 
Sec. 35104. Authorization of appropriations 
for Amtrak Office of Inspector General. 
Sec. 35105. National cooperative rail re-
search program. Subtitle B—Amtrak Reform 
Sec. 35201. Amtrak grant process. 
Sec. 35202. 5-year business line and assets 
plans. 
Sec. 35203. State-supported route com-
mittee. 
Sec. 35204. Route and service planning deci-
sions. 
Sec. 35205. Competition. Sec. 35206. Rolling stock purchases. Sec. 35207. Food and beverage policy. Sec. 35208. Local products and promotional 
events. 
Sec. 35209. Right-of-way leveraging. Sec. 35210. Station development. Sec. 35211. Amtrak debt. Sec. 35212. Amtrak pilot program for pas-
sengers transporting domes-ticated cats and dogs. 
Sec. 35213. Amtrak board of directors. Sec. 35214. Amtrak boarding procedures. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
Sec. 35301. Competitive operating grants. 
Sec. 35302. Federal-State partnership for 
state of good repair. 
Sec. 35303. Large capital project require-
ments. 
Sec. 35304. Small business participation 
study. 
Sec. 35305. Gulf coast rail service working 
group. 
Sec. 35306. Integrated passenger rail working 
group. 
Sec. 35307. Shared-use study. Sec. 35308. Northeast Corridor Commission. Sec. 35309. Northeast Corridor through- 
ticketing and procurement effi-ciencies. 
Sec. 35310. Data and analysis. Sec. 35311. Performance-based proposals. Sec. 35312. Amtrak Inspector General. Sec. 35313. Miscellaneous provisions. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
PART I—S
AFETY IMPROVEMENT  
Sec. 35401. Highway-rail grade crossing safe-
ty. 
Sec. 35402. Speed limit action plans. Sec. 35403. Signage. Sec. 35404. Alerters. Sec. 35405. Signal protection. Sec. 35406. Technology implementation 
plans. 
Sec. 35407. Commuter rail track inspections. Sec. 35408. Emergency response. Sec. 35409. Private highway-rail grade cross-
ings. 
Sec. 35410. Repair and replacement of dam-
aged track inspection equip-ment. 
Sec. 35411. Rail police officers. Sec. 35412. Operation deep dive; report. Sec. 35413. Post-accident assessment. Sec. 35414. Technical and conforming 
amendments. 
Sec. 35415. GAO study on use of locomotive 
horns at highway-rail grade crossings. 
PART II—C
ONSOLIDATED RAIL 
INFRASTRUCTURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS  
Sec. 35421. Consolidated rail infrastructure 
and safety improvements. 
PART III—H AZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL 
SAFETY AND OTHER SAFETY ENHANCEMENTS  
Sec. 35431. Real-time emergency response in-
formation. 
Sec. 35432. Thermal blankets. Sec. 35433. Comprehensive oil spill response 
plans. 
Sec. 35434. Hazardous materials by rail li-
ability study. 
Sec. 35435. Study and testing of electroni-
cally-controlled pneumatic brakes. 
Sec. 35436. Recording devices. Sec. 35437. Rail passenger transportation li-
ability. Sec. 35438. Modification reporting. 
Sec. 35439. Report on crude oil characteris-
tics research study. 
PART IV—P
OSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL  
Sec. 35441. Coordination of spectrum. 
Sec. 35442. Updated plans. Sec. 35443. Early adoption and interoper-
ability. 
Sec. 35444. Positive train control at grade 
crossings effectiveness study. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
Sec. 35501. Short title. 
Sec. 35502. Preservation of public lands. Sec. 35503. Efficient environmental reviews. Sec. 35504. Advance acquisition. Sec. 35505. Railroad rights-of-way. Sec. 35506. Savings clause. Sec. 35507. Transition. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
Sec. 35601. Short title; references. 
Sec. 35602. Definitions. Sec. 35603. Eligible applicants. Sec. 35604. Eligible purposes. Sec. 35605. Program administration. Sec. 35606. Loan terms and repayment. Sec. 35607. Credit risk premiums. Sec. 35608. Master credit agreements. Sec. 35609. Priorities and conditions. 
Sec. 35610. Savings provision. 
DIVISION D—FREIGHT AND MAJOR 
PROJECTS 
TITLE XLI—FREIGHT POLICY 
Sec. 41001. Establishment of freight chapter. 
Sec. 41002. National multimodal freight pol-
icy. 
Sec. 41003. National multimodal freight net-
work. 
TITLE XLII—PLANNING 
Sec. 42001. National freight strategic plan. 
Sec. 42002. State freight advisory commit-
tees. 
Sec. 42003. State freight plans. Sec. 42004. Freight data and tools. 
TITLE XLIII—FORMULA FREIGHT 
PROGRAM 
Sec. 43001. National highway freight pro-
gram. 
Sec. 43002. Savings provision. 
TITLE XLIV—GRANTS 
Sec. 44001. Purpose; definitions; administra-
tion. 
Sec. 44002. Grants. 
DIVISION E—FINANCE 
Sec. 50001. Short title. 
TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
Sec. 51101. Extension of trust fund expendi-
ture authority. 
Sec. 51102. Extension of highway-related 
taxes. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
Sec. 51201. Further additional transfers to 
trust fund. 
Sec. 51202. Transfer to Highway Trust Fund 
of certain motor vehicle safety penalties. 
TITLE LII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
Sec. 52101. Consistent basis reporting be-
tween estate and person acquir-ing property from decedent. 
Sec. 52102. Revocation or denial of passport 
in case of certain unpaid taxes. 
Sec. 52103. Clarification of 6-year statute of 
limitations in case of overstate-ment of basis. 
Sec. 52104. Additional information on re-
turns relating to mortgage in-terest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5220 July 21, 2015 
Sec. 52105. Return due date modifications. 
Sec. 52106. Reform of rules relating to quali-
fied tax collection contracts. 
Sec. 52107. Special compliance personnel 
program. 
Sec. 52108. Transfers of excess pension assets 
to retiree health accounts. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
Sec. 52201. Extension of deposits of security 
service fees in the general fund. 
Sec. 52202. Adjustment for inflation of fees 
for certain customs services. 
Sec. 52203. Dividends and surplus funds of 
Reserve banks. 
Sec. 52204. Strategic Petroleum Reserve 
drawdown and sale. 
Sec. 52205. Extension of enterprise guarantee 
fee. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
Sec. 52301. Recision of funds from Hardest 
Hit Fund program. 
Sec. 52302. Interest on overpayment. Sec. 52303. Revisions to provisions limiting 
payment of benefits to fugitive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act. 
DIVISION F—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE LXI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
Sec. 61001. Definitions. 
Sec. 61002. Federal Permitting Improvement 
Council. 
Sec. 61003. Permitting process improvement. Sec. 61004. Interstate compacts. Sec. 61005. Coordination of required reviews. 
Sec. 61006. Delegated State permitting pro-
grams. 
Sec. 61007. Litigation, judicial review, and 
savings provision. 
Sec. 61008. Report to Congress. Sec. 61009. Funding for governance, over-
sight, and processing of envi-ronmental reviews and permits. 
Sec. 61010. Application. Sec. 61011. GAO Report. 
DIVISION G—SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION EXTENSION 
Sec. 70001. Short title. 
TITLE LXXI—EXTENSION OF FEDERAL- 
AID HIGHWAY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 71001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 71002. Administrative expenses. 
TITLE LXXII—TEMPORARY EXTENSION 
OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION PRO-GRAMS 
Sec. 72001. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 72002. Apportionment of appropriations 
for formula grants. 
Sec. 72003. Authorizations for public trans-
portation. 
Sec. 72004. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
TITLE LXXIII—EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY 
SAFETY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 73101. Extension of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 73102. Extension of Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration pro-grams. 
Sec. 73103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-
toration Act. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 73201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE LXXIV—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 74001. Extension of trust fund expendi-
ture authority. 
DIVISION H—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
Sec. 80001. Budgetary effects. Sec. 80002. Maintenance of highway trust 
fund cash balance. 
Sec. 80003. Prohibition on rescissions of cer-
tain contract authority. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Transportation. 
(2) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except as otherwise provided, divisions A, 
B, C, and D, including the amendments made by those divisions, take effect on October 1, 2015. 
DIVISION A—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
AND HIGHWAY SAFETY CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
SEC. 11001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM .—For 
the national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, the national freight program under section 167 of that title, the transportation alternatives program under section 213 of that title, and to carry out sec-tion 134 of that title— 
(A) $40,579,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $41,421,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $42,327,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $43,300,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $44,394,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $45,515,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. (2) T
RANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FI -
NANCE AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit 
assistance under the transportation infra-structure finance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(3) F
EDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS .— 
(A) T RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For 
the tribal transportation program under sec-tion 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $460,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $470,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $480,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $490,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $500,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $510,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (B) F
EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .— 
(i) A UTHORIZATION .—For the Federal lands 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(I) $305,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (II) $310,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (III) $315,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (IV) $320,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (V) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (VI) $330,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
(I) $240,000,000 of the amount made avail-
able for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the National Park Service; and 
(II) $30,000,000 of the amount made avail-
able for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice. 
(C) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under sec-tion 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $255,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; 
(iii) $265,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $280,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (4) T
ERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO HIGHWAY  
PROGRAM .—For the territorial and Puerto 
Rico highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(5) A
SSISTANCE FOR MAJOR PROJECTS PRO -
GRAM .—For the assistance for major projects 
program under section 171 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $450,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $450,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $450,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , TECHNOLOGY , ANDEDUCATION  
AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(A) H
IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the highway re-
search and development program under sec-tion 503(b) of title 23, United States Code, $130,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(B) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—To carry out the tech-
nology and innovation deployment program under section 503(c) of title 23, United States Code, $62,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(C) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—To carry out 
training and education under section 504 of title 23, United States Code, $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(D) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the intelligent 
transportation systems program under sec-tions 512 through 518 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(E) U
NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the university 
transportation centers program under sec-tion 5505 of title 49, United States Code, $72,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(F) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—To carry out chapter 63 of title 49, 
United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Federal Highway 
Administration shall administer the pro-grams described in subparagraphs (D) through (F) of paragraph (1). 
(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23 , UNITED  
STATES CODE .—Funds authorized to be appro-
priated by paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) remain available until expended; and (C) not be transferable. 
(c) D
ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTER -
PRISES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) while significant progress has occurred 
due to the establishment of the disadvan-taged business enterprise program, discrimi-nation and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority- and women-owned businesses seeking to do busi-ness in federally assisted surface transpor-tation markets across the United States; 
(B) the continuing barriers described in 
subparagraph (A) merit the continuation of the disadvantaged business enterprise pro-gram; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5221 July 21, 2015 
(C) Congress has received and reviewed tes-
timony and documentation of race and gen-der discrimination from numerous sources, including congressional hearings and roundtables, scientific reports, reports issued by public and private agencies, news stories, reports of discrimination by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits, which show that race- and gender-neutral ef-forts alone are insufficient to address the problem; 
(D) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) demonstrate that discrimination across the United States poses a barrier to full and fair participation in surface transportation-related businesses of women business owners and minority busi-ness owners and has impacted firm develop-ment and many aspects of surface transpor-tation-related business in the public and pri-vate markets; and 
(E) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) provide a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the continuation of the disadvantaged business enterprise program to address race and gen-der discrimination in surface transportation- related business. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
(A) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-vidual or individuals that have average an-nual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as ad-justed annually by the Secretary for infla-tion. 
(B) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and relevant subcontracting regulations issued pursuant to that Act, except that women shall be presumed to be socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals for pur-poses of this subsection. 
(3) A
MOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERNS .—Except to the extent that the Sec-
retary determines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under title I of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be expended through small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. 
(4) A
NNUAL LISTING OF DISADVANTAGED BUSI -
NESS ENTERPRISES .—Each State shall annu-
ally— 
(A) survey and compile a list of the small 
business concerns referred to in paragraph (2) in the State, including the location of the small business concerns in the State; and 
(B) notify the Secretary, in writing, of the 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(i) women; (ii) socially and economically disadvan-
taged individuals (other than women); and 
(iii) individuals who are women and are 
otherwise socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
(5) U
NIFORM CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish minimum uniform criteria for use by State governments in certifying whether a concern qualifies as a small business concern for the purpose of this subsection. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The minimum uniform 
criteria established under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to a potential 
small business concern— 
(i) on-site visits; (ii) personal interviews with personnel; (iii) issuance or inspection of licenses; (iv) analyses of stock ownership; (v) listings of equipment; (vi) analyses of bonding capacity; (vii) listings of work completed; (viii) examination of the resumes of prin-
cipal owners; 
(ix) analyses of financial capacity; and (x) analyses of the type of work preferred. (6) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum requirements for use by State governments in reporting to the Secretary— 
(A) information concerning disadvantaged 
business enterprise awards, commitments, and achievements; and 
(B) such other information as the Sec-
retary determines to be appropriate for the proper monitoring of the disadvantaged busi-ness enterprise program. 
(7) C
OMPLIANCE WITH COURT ORDERS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection limits the eligibility of an individual or entity to receive funds made available under title I of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, if the indi-vidual or entity is prevented, in whole or in part, from complying with paragraph (2) be-cause a Federal court issues a final order in which the court finds that a requirement or the implementation of paragraph (2) is un-
constitutional. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1101(b) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 414) is repealed. 
SEC. 11002. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
(a) G ENERAL LIMITATION .—Subject to sub-
section (e), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the obligations for Federal- aid highway and highway safety construc-tion programs shall not exceed— 
(1) $42,401,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $43,472,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $44,607,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $45,859,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (5) $46,982,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (6) $48,132,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations under 
subsection (a) shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-
tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway 
Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); 
(4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of 
the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of 
the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); 
(7) section 157 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(10) Federal-aid highway programs for 
which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-
tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(13) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF OBLIGATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, the Secretary shall— 
(1) not distribute obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a) for the fiscal year for— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative 
expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) not distribute an amount of obligation 
authority provided by subsection (a) that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— 
(A) made available from the Highway 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
(B) for which obligation authority was pro-
vided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) determine the proportion that— (A) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the obligation authority provided by 
subsection (a) for the fiscal year; and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); bears to 
(B) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the total of the sums authorized to be 
appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in 
paragraphs (1) through (12) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(13) for the fiscal year); and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); 
(4) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under this Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of that title, by multiplying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
(5) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code, (other than the amounts apportioned for the national high-way performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are ex-empt from the limitation under subsection (b)(13) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the pro-portion that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5222 July 21, 2015 
(A) amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fiscal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
(d) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation 
authority made available under subsection (c) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 405)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), obligation limitations im-posed by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tract authority for transportation research programs carried out under chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any 
limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. 
(f) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c) for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (ex-cluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for 
the fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be 
allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for the fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed 
under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c)(5). 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to 
each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 11003. APPORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1) by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) $456,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $474,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $483,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $492,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $501,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘and the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program’’ and inserting ‘‘the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the national 
freight program’’; 
(B) in each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by 
striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), and section 213(a)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘63.7 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’; 
(D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘29.3 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘29 percent’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘7 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘deter-mined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘remaining under subsection (c) after making the set-asides in accordance with paragraph (5) and section 213(a)’’; 
(G) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); 
(H) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL FREIGHT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For the national freight 
program under section 167, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under subsection (c) an amount determined for the State under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the national freight program for all States shall be— 
‘‘(i) $1,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $1,750,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $2,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $2,400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $2,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(C) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall 
distribute among the States the total set- aside amount for the national freight pro-gram under subparagraph (B) so that each State receives an amount equal to the pro-portion that— 
‘‘(i) the total apportionment determined 
under subsection (c) for a State; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total apportionments for all 
States. 
‘‘(D) M
ETROPOLITAN PLANNING .—Of the 
amount set aside under this paragraph for a State, the Secretary shall use to carry out section 134 an amount determined by multi-plying the set-aside amount by the propor-tion that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State 
to carry out section 134 for fiscal year 2009; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned 
to the State for that fiscal year for the pro-grams referred to in section 105(a)(2), except for the high priority projects program re-
ferred to in section 105(a)(2)(H) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405).’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (G)), in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘determined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘remaining under subsection (c) after mak-ing the set-asides in accordance with para-graph (5) and section 213(a)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) F
OR FISCAL YEARS 2016 THROUGH 2021 .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE SHARE .—For each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021, the amount for each State of combined apportionments for the national highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation program under section 133, the highway safe-ty improvement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under section 167, the transportation alternatives program under section 213, and to carry out section 134, shall be determined as follows: ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL AMOUNT .—The initial amount 
for each State shall be determined by multi-plying the total amount available for appor-tionment by the share for each State, which shall be equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of apportionments that 
the State received for fiscal year 2014; bears to 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments 
received by all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENTS TO AMOUNTS .—The ini-
tial amounts resulting from the calculation under clause (i) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for each State, the amount of combined apportionments for the programs shall not be less than 95 percent of the estimated tax payments attributable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE APPORTIONMENT .—For each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2021, on October 1, the Secretary shall apportion the sum au-thorized to be appropriated for expenditure on the national highway performance pro-gram under section 119, the surface transpor-tation program under section 133, the high-way safety improvement program under sec-tion 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under sec-tion 167, the transportation alternatives pro-gram under section 213, and to carry out sec-tion 134 in accordance with subparagraph (A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 104(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)(5)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of sub-section (b)’’. 
(2) Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘(5)(D), or (6)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘and 
(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(D), and (6)’’. 
(3) Section 135(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 104(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(4) Section 136(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of sec-tion 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(5) Section 141(b)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (5) of section 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of sec-tion 104(b)’’. 
(6) Section 505(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (5)’’. 
SEC. 11004. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 133 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding emergency evacuation plans’’ after ‘‘programs’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (13), by adding a period at 
the end; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘or for projects described in paragraphs (2), (4), (6), (7), (11), (20), (25), and (26) of subsection (b); and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5223 July 21, 2015 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— 
(I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘55 per-cent’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘greater than 
5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘50 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘45 percent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(iii)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000 and less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 to 200,000’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the period of fiscal years 
2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’; 
(5) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking the subsection designation 
and heading and all that follows through paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) B
RIDGES OFF THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF OFF -NHS BRIDGE .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘off-NHS bridge’ means a highway bridge located on a public road, other than a bridge on the National Highway System.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) S
ET-ASIDE .—Each State shall obligate 
for replacement (including replacement with fill material), rehabilitation, preservation, and protection (including scour counter-measures, seismic retrofits, impact protec-tion measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) for off-NHS bridges an amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 15 percent of the amount apportioned 
to the State under section 104(b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to at least 110 per-
cent of the amount of funds set aside for bridges not on Federal-aid highways in the State for fiscal year 2014.’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘off- 
system’’ and inserting ‘‘off-NHS’’; and 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as sub-
section (h); 
(7) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘C
REDIT FOR BRIDGES NOT ON THE NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
(C) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
(as so redesignated)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the replacement of a bridge 
or rehabilitation of’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and is determined by the 
Secretary upon completion to be no longer a deficient bridge’’; 
(8) in subsection (i)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (5)), by striking ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii) for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (d)(1)(A)(ii) for each fiscal year’’; and 
(9) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) B
ORDER STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After consultation with 
relevant transportation planning organiza-tions, the Governor of a State that shares a land border with Canada or Mexico may des-ignate for each fiscal year not more than 5 percent of funds made available to the State under subsection (d)(1)(B) for border infra-structure projects eligible under section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds designated 
under this subsection shall be available under the requirements of section 1303 of 
SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before making a des-
ignation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall certify that the designation is con-sistent with transportation planning require-ments under this title. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after making a designation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall submit to the rel-evant transportation planning organizations within the border region a written notifica-tion of any suballocated or distributed amount of funds available for obligation by jurisdiction. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION .—This subsection applies 
only to funds apportioned to a State after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(6) D
EADLINE FOR DESIGNATION .—A des-
ignation under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be submitted to the Secretary not 
later than 30 days before the beginning of the fiscal year for which the designation is being made; and 
‘‘(B) remain in effect for the funds des-
ignated under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year until the Governor of the State notifies the Secretary of the termination of the designa-tion. 
‘‘(7) U
NOBLIGATED FUNDS AFTER TERMI -
NATION .—On the date of a termination under 
paragraph (6)(B), all remaining unobligated funds that were designated under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year for which the designa-tion is being terminated shall be made avail-able to the State for the purposes described in subsection (d)(1)(B).’’. 
SEC. 11005. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ before ‘‘surface transportation sys-tems’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting 
‘‘natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘en-vironmental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting 
‘‘, provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and reduce vulner-
ability due to natural disasters of the exist-ing transportation infrastructure’’ before the period at the end; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding consideration of the role that inter-city buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost- effective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘(2)(C)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
(9) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection ( l)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-
lation of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redesignating subsections (o) 
through (q) as subsections (n) through (p), respectively; 
(13) in subsection (o) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘apportioned under paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’ ; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Re-gion’ has the meaning given the term ‘re-gion’ in subsection (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For the purpose of this 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area 
under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised 
of a population of 145,000 in the State of Cali-fornia and a population of 65,000 in the State of Nevada. 
‘‘(3) S
UBALLOCATED FUNDING .— 
‘‘(A) S ECTION 133 .—When determining the 
amount under subparagraph (A) of section 133(d)(1) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that sub-paragraph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5224 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those clauses; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(iii) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(i) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State. 
‘‘(B) S
ECTION 213 .—When determining the 
amount under paragraph (1) of section 213(c) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that para-graph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those subparagraphs; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(C) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(A) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State.’’. 
SEC. 11006. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 135 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter van-pool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pol-lution, and energy consumption in a cost-ef-fective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators),’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (j); and (7) by redesignating subsections (k) 
through (m) as subsections (j) through (l), re-spectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
134(b)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 135(m)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 135(l)’’. 
SEC. 11007. HIGHWAY USE TAX EVASION 
PROJECTS. 
Section 143(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2)(A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From administrative 
funds made available under section 104(a), the Secretary shall deduct such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $4,000,000 for each fiscal year, to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 11008. BUNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-
section is to save costs and time by encour-aging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
‘‘(3) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .—An eli-
gible entity may bundle 2 or more similar bridge projects that are— 
‘‘(A) eligible projects under section 119 or 
133; 
‘‘(B) included as a bundled project in a 
transportation improvement program under section 134(j) or a statewide transportation improvement program under section 135, as applicable; and 
‘‘(C) awarded to a single contractor or con-
sultant pursuant to a contract for engineer-ing and design or construction between the contractor and an eligible entity. 
‘‘(4) I
TEMIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regula-tions), an eligible bridge project included in a bundle under this subsection may be listed as— 
‘‘(A) 1 project for purposes of sections 134 
and 135; and 
‘‘(B) a single project within the applicable 
bundle. 
‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS .—Projects 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
‘‘(A) the same funding category or sub-
category; and 
‘‘(B) the same Federal share.’’; and (4) in subsection (k)(2) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 11009. FLEXIBILITY FOR CERTAIN RURAL 
ROAD AND BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—With respect to rural road 
and rural bridge projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to the provisions of this section and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
(1) exercise all existing flexibilities under 
and exceptions to— 
(A) the requirements of title 23, United 
States Code; and 
(B) other requirements administered by 
the Secretary, in whole or part; and 
(2) otherwise provide additional flexibility 
or expedited processing with respect to the requirements described in paragraph (1). 
(b) T
YPES OF PROJECTS .—A rural road or 
rural bridge project under this section shall— (1) be located in a county that, based on 
the most recent decennial census— 
(A) has a population density of 80 or fewer 
persons per square mile of land area; or 
(B) is the county that has the lowest popu-
lation density of all counties in the State; 
(2) be located within the operational right- 
of-way (as defined in section 1316(b) of MAP– 21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 126 Stat. 549)) of an ex-isting road or bridge; and 
(3)(A) receive less than $5,000,000 of Federal 
funds; or 
(B) have a total estimated cost of not more 
than $30,000,000 and Federal funds comprising less than 15 percent of the total estimated project cost. 
(c) P
ROCESS TO ASSIST RURAL PROJECTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANCE WITH FEDERAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For projects under this 
section, the Secretary shall seek to provide, to the maximum extent practicable, regu-latory relief and flexibility consistent with this section. 
(B) E
XCEPTIONS , EXEMPTIONS , AND ADDI -
TIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Exceptions, exemp-
tions, and additional flexibility from regu-latory requirements may be granted if, in the opinion of the Secretary— 
(i) the project is not expected to have a sig-
nificant adverse impact on the environment; 
(ii) the project is not expected to have an 
adverse impact on safety; and 
(iii) the assistance would be in the public 
interest for 1 or more reasons, including— 
(I) reduced project costs; (II) expedited construction, particularly in 
an area where the construction season is rel-atively short and not granting the waiver or additional flexibility could delay the project to a later construction season; or 
(III) improved safety. (2) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIONS .—Nothing in 
this subsection— 
(A) waives the requirements of section 113 
or 138 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) supersedes, amends, or modifies— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
(ii) any requirement of title 23, United 
States Code; or 
(C) affects the responsibility of any Fed-
eral officer to comply with or enforce any law or requirement described in this para-graph. 
SEC. 11010. CONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS 
AND FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND  
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES .—Section 147 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
(2) by striking subsections (d) through (g) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) F ORMULA .—Of the amounts allocated 
under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(1) 35 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of ferry passengers, in-
cluding passengers in vehicles, carried by each ferry system in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of ferry passengers, in-
cluding passengers in vehicles, carried by all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; 
‘‘(2) 35 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of vehicles carried by 
each ferry system in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of vehicles carried by all 
ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5225 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) 30 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total route nautical miles serv-
iced by each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total route nautical miles serviced 
by all ferry systems in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available. 
‘‘(e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) withdraw amounts allocated to an eli-
gible entity under subsection (c) that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and 
‘‘(2) in the subsequent fiscal year, redis-
tribute the funds referred to in paragraph (1) in accordance with the formula under sub-section (d) among eligible entities for which no amounts were withdrawn under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (c), a State with an eligible entity that meets the requirements of this section shall receive not less than $100,000 under this section for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATA COLLECTION .— 
‘‘(A) N ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Amounts 
made available for a fiscal year under this section shall be allocated using the most re-cent data available, as collected and imputed in accordance with the national ferry data-base established under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR FUNDING .—To be eligi-
ble to receive funds under subsection (c), data shall have been submitted in the most recent collection of data for the national ferry database under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) for at least 1 ferry service within the State. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—On review of the data 
submitted under paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary may make adjustments to the data as the Secretary determines necessary to cor-rect misreported or inconsistent data. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this sec-tion $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(i) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 118(b), funds made available to carry out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—All provisions of this 
chapter that are applicable to the National Highway System, other than provisions re-lating to apportionment formula and Federal share, shall apply to funds made available to carry out this section, except as determined by the Secretary to be inconsistent with this section.’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Section 
1801(e)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) is amended by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(D) make available, from the amounts 
made available for each fiscal year to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, not more than $500,000 to maintain the database.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
129(c) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, or on a public transit ferry el-igible under chapter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘Interstate System’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) Such ferry’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(3)(A) The ferry’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Any Federal participation shall not 
involve the construction or purchase, for pri-vate ownership, of a ferry boat, ferry ter-minal facility, or other eligible project under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and re-
pair,’’ and inserting ‘‘repair,’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) The ferry service shall be maintained 
in accordance with section 116. 
‘‘(7)(A) No ferry boat or ferry terminal 
with Federal participation under this title may be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, except in accordance with part 18 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on December 18, 2014). 
‘‘(B) The Federal share of any proceeds 
from a disposition referred to in subpara-graph (A) shall be used for eligible purposes under this title.’’. 
SEC. 11011. HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and inserting ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastruc-
ture communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that pro-
vide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedes-trian crossing islands. 
‘‘(xxviii) An infrastructure safety project 
not described in clauses (i) through (xxvii).’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (10) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (11) through (13) as para-graphs (10) through (12), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(11)’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(11)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘increases’’ and inserting 
‘‘does not decrease’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and exceeds the national 
fatality rate on rural roads,’’ after ‘‘avail-able,’’. 
SEC. 11012. DATA COLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUB-
LIC ROADS. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(k) D
ATACOLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUBLIC  
ROADS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may elect not to 
collect fundamental data elements for the model inventory of roadway elements on public roads that are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved if— 
‘‘(A)(i) more than 45 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 10 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads; or 
‘‘(B)(i) more than 70 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 25 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The percentages de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be based on the average for the 5 most recent years for which relevant data is available. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If a State elects not to 
collect data on a road described in paragraph (1), the State shall not use funds provided to carry out this section for a project on that road until the State completes a collection 
of the required model inventory of roadway elements for the road.’’. 
SEC. 11013. CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR 
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 149 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I), by inserting 
‘‘in the designated nonattainment area’’ after ‘‘air quality standard’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or main-
tenance’’ after ‘‘likely to contribute to the attainment’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘attain-
ment of’’ and inserting ‘‘attainment or main-tenance of the area of’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8)(A)(ii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by 
inserting ‘‘or port-related freight oper-ations’’ after ‘‘construction projects’’; and 
(ii) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or chap-
ter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘this title’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘(giv-
ing priority to corridors designated under section 151)’’ after ‘‘at any location in the State’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘would otherwise be eligible under subsection (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area or’’ after ‘‘may use for any project that’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(excluding 
the amount of funds reserved under para-graph (1))’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘MAP–21t’’ and inserting ‘‘MAP–21’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, in a 
manner consistent with the approach that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall modify’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘not 
later that’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘States and metropolitan’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—States and metropoli-
tan’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘are proven to reduce’’ and 
inserting ‘‘reduce directly emitted’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) U SE OF PRIORITY FUNDING .—To the 
maximum extent practicable, PM2.5 priority funding shall be used on the most cost-effec-tive projects and programs that are proven to reduce directly emitted fine particulate matter.’’; 
(5) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that has a nonattainment 
or maintenance area’’ and inserting ‘‘that has 1 or more nonattainment or maintenance areas’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘a nonattainment or main-
tenance area that are’’ and inserting ‘‘the nonattainment or maintenance areas that are’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘such area’’ both places it 
appears and inserting ‘‘such areas’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘such fine particulate’’ and 
inserting ‘‘directly-emitted fine particu-late’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘highway 
construction’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation construction’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
M2.5 NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTE -
NANCE IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) E XCEPTION .—In any State with a pop-
ulation density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile of land area, based on the most recent decennial census, the requirements under subsection (g)(3) and paragraphs (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5226 July 21, 2015 
and (2) of this subsection shall not apply to 
a nonattainment or maintenance area in the State if— 
‘‘(i) the nonattainment or maintenance 
area does not have projects that are part of the emissions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation im-provement program; and 
‘‘(ii) regional motor vehicle emissions are 
an insignificant contributor to the air qual-ity problem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or maintenance area. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—If subparagraph (A) ap-
plies to a nonattainment or maintenance area in a State, the percentage of the PM2.5 set-aside under paragraph (1) shall be re-duced for that State proportionately based on the weighted population of the area in fine particulate matter nonattainment. 
‘‘(4) P
ORT-RELATED EQUIPMENT AND VEHI -
CLES.—To meet the requirements under para-
graph (1), a State or metropolitan planning organization may elect to obligate funds to the most cost-effective projects to reduce emissions from port-related landside nonroad or on-road equipment that is oper-ated within the boundaries of a PM2.5 non-attainment or maintenance area.’’; 
(6) in subsection ( l)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘air 
quality and traffic congestion’’ before ‘‘per-formance targets’’; and 
(7) in subsection (m), by striking ‘‘section 
104(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 11014. TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 213 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On October 1 of each fis-
cal year, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under section 104(c) an amount determined for the State under paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the program under this section shall be $850,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall 
distribute among the States the total set- aside amount under paragraph (2) so that each State receives an amount equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the amount apportioned to the State 
for the transportation enhancements pro-gram for fiscal year 2009 under section 133(d)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405); bears to 
‘‘(B) the total amount of funds apportioned 
to all States for that fiscal year for the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Of the funds’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be obligated under this section’’ in subparagraph (A) and insert-ing ‘‘Funds reserved in a State under this section shall be obligated’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) through 
(iii) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), re-spectively; 
(iv) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-
graph (1)(B), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ both 
places it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause 
(viii); and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vii) a nonprofit entity responsible for the 
administration of local transportation safety programs; and’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘For funds reserved’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For funds reserved’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
O RESTRICTION ON SUBALLOCATION .— 
Nothing in this section prevents a metropoli-tan planning organization from further sub-allocating funds within the boundaries of the metropolitan planning area if a competitive process is implemented for the award of the suballocated funds.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State or metropoli-
tan planning organization responsible for carrying out the requirements of this section shall submit to the Secretary an annual re-port that describes— 
‘‘(A) the number of project applications re-
ceived for each fiscal year, including— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate cost of the projects for 
which applications are received; and 
‘‘(ii) the types of project to be carried out 
(as described in subsection (b)), expressed as percentages of the total apportionment of the State under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) the number of projects selected for 
funding for each fiscal year, including the aggregate cost and location of projects se-lected. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public, in a user- friendly format on the website of the Depart-ment, a copy of each annual report sub-mitted under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(i) E
XPEDITING INFRASTRUCTURE  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall develop regula-tions or guidance relating to the implemen-tation of this section that encourages the use of the programmatic approaches to envi-ronmental reviews, expedited procurement techniques, and other best practices to fa-cilitate productive and timely expenditure for projects that are small, low-impact, and constructed within an existing built environ-ment. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PROCESSES .—The Secretary 
shall work with State departments of trans-portation to ensure that any regulation or guidance developed under paragraph (1) is consistently implemented by States and the Federal Highway Administration to avoid unnecessary delays in implementing projects and to ensure the effective use of Federal dollars.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
126(b) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
SET-ASIDES .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘Funds that’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘
SET-ASIDES .—Funds that’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘sections 104(d) and 133(d)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘sections 104(d), 133(d), and 213(c)’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 11015. CONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS. 
Section 1519(a) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112– 
141; 126 Stat. 574) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal 
years 2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 11016. STATE FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL 
HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM FLEXI-
BILITY .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance relating to working with State departments of transportation that re-quest assistance from the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration— 
(1) to review roads classified as principal 
arterials in the State that were added to the National Highway System as of October 1, 2012, so as to comply with section 103 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(2) to identify any necessary functional 
classification changes to rural and urban principal arterials. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall direct the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration to work with the applicable State department of transportation that requests assistance under this section— 
(1) to assist in the review of roads in ac-
cordance with guidance issued under sub-section (a); 
(2) to expeditiously review and facilitate 
requests from States to reclassify roads clas-sified as principal arterials; and 
(3) in the case of a State that requests the 
withdrawal of reclassified roads from the Na-tional Highway System under section 103(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, to carry out that withdrawal if the inclusion of the reclassified road in the National High-way System is not consistent with the needs and priorities of the community or region in which the reclassified road is located. 
(c) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICA -
TION REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) review the National Highway System 
modification process described in appendix D of part 470 of title 23, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations); and 
(2) take any action necessary to ensure 
that a State may submit to the Secretary a request to modify the National Highway Sys-tem by withdrawing a road from the Na-tional Highway System. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that includes a description of— 
(1) each request for reclassification of Na-
tional Highway System roads; 
(2) the status of each request; and (3) if applicable, the justification for the 
denial by the Secretary of a request. 
(e) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE NATIONAL HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM .—Section 103(b)(3)(A) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘, including any modifica-
tion consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, including any modifica-
tion consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal or the withdrawal of a road from that system,’’ after ‘‘the National Highway System’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(ii) enhances’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(ii)(I) enhances’’; 
(B) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) in the case of the withdrawal of a 
road, is reasonable and appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 11017. TOLL ROADS, BRIDGES, TUNNELS, 
AND FERRIES. 
Section 129(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5227 July 21, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘(other than a highway on 
the Interstate System)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘non-HOV’’ after ‘‘toll- 
free’’ each place it appears; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (I) as subparagraphs (C) through (H), respectively; 
(2) by striking paragraph (4) and paragraph 
(6); 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (7), (8), 
(9), and (10) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; 
(4) in paragraph (4)(B) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘the Federal-aid system’’ and in-serting ‘‘Federal-aid highways’’; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(8) E
QUAL ACCESS FOR MOTORCOACHES .—A 
private motorcoach that serves the public shall be provided access to a toll facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses in the State.’’. 
SEC. 11018. HOV FACILITIES. 
Section 166 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) H
IGH OCCUPANCY TOLL VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State agency may 
allow vehicles not otherwise exempt under this subsection to use the HOV facility if the operators of the vehicles pay a toll charged by the agency for use of the facility and the agency— 
‘‘(i) establishes a program that addresses 
how motorists can enroll and participate in the toll program; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a high occupancy vehi-
cle facility that affects a metropolitan area, submits to the Secretary a written state-ment that the metropolitan planning organi-zation designated under section 134 for the area has been consulted concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the con-verted facility; 
‘‘(iii) develops, manages, and maintains a 
system that will automatically collect the toll; and 
‘‘(iv) establishes policies and procedures— ‘‘(I) to manage the demand to use the facil-
ity by varying the toll amount that is charged; 
‘‘(II) to enforce violations of the use of the 
facility; and 
‘‘(III) to ensure that private motorcoaches 
that serve the public are provided access to the facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions, as public transportation buses in the State. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM TOLLS .—In levying a 
toll on a facility under subparagraph (A), a State agency may— 
‘‘(i) designate classes of vehicles that are 
exempt from the toll; and 
‘‘(ii) charge different toll rates for dif-
ferent classes of vehicles.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
NHERENTLY LOW EMISSION VEHICLE .—If 
a State agency establishes procedures for en-forcing the restrictions on the use of a HOV facility by vehicles described in clauses (i) and (ii), the State agency may allow the use of the HOV facility by— 
‘‘(i) alternative fuel vehicles; and ‘‘(ii) any motor vehicle described in section 
30D(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Tolls’’ and inserting ‘‘Not-
withstanding section 301, tolls’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘notwithstanding section 
301 and, except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking sub-
paragraphs (D) and (E) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(D) M
AINTENANCE OF OPERATING PERFORM -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(i) S UBMISSION OF PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date on which a facility is degraded under paragraph (2), the State agency with jurisdiction over the facility shall submit to the Secretary for approval a plan that details the actions the State agen-cy will take to bring the facility into com-pliance with the minimum average operating speed performance standard through changes to operation of the facility, including— 
‘‘(I) increasing the occupancy requirement 
for HOV lanes; 
‘‘(II) varying the toll charged to vehicles 
allowed under subsection (b) to reduce de-mand; 
‘‘(III) discontinuing allowing non-HOV ve-
hicles to use HOV lanes under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(IV) increasing the available capacity of 
the HOV facility. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF APPROVAL OR DIS -
APPROVAL .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of receipt of a plan under clause (i), the Secretary shall provide to the State agency a written notice indicating whether the Sec-retary has approved or disapproved the plan based on a determination of whether the im-plementation of the plan will bring the HOV facility into compliance. 
‘‘(iii) B
IANNUAL PROGRESS UPDATES .—Until 
the date on which the Secretary determines that the State agency has brought the HOV facility into compliance with this sub-section, the State agency shall submit bian-nual updates that describe— 
‘‘(I) the actions taken to bring the HOV fa-
cility into compliance; and 
‘‘(II) the progress made by those actions. ‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall 
subject the State to appropriate program sanctions under section 1.36 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), until the performance is no longer de-graded, if— 
‘‘(i) the State agency fails to submit an ap-
proved action plan under subparagraph (D) to bring a degraded facility into compliance; or 
‘‘(ii) after the State submits and the Sec-
retary approves an action plan under sub-paragraph (D), the Secretary determines that, on a date that is not earlier than 1 year after the approval of the action plan, the State agency is not making significant progress toward bringing the HOV facility into compliance with the minimum average operating speed performance standard.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘sole-ly’’ before ‘‘operating’’. 
SEC. 11019. INTERSTATE SYSTEM RECONSTRUC-
TION AND REHABILITATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1216(b) of the Transportation Eq-
uity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178; 112 Stat. 212) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the 
age, condition, and intensity of use of the fa-cility’’ and inserting ‘‘an analysis dem-onstrating that the facility has a significant age, condition, or intensity of use to require expedited reconstruction or rehabilitation’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
and that demonstrates the capability of that agency to perform or oversee the building, operation, and maintenance of a toll express-way system meeting criteria for the Inter-
state System’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) An analysis showing how the State 
plan for implementing tolls on the facility takes into account the interests and use of local, regional, and interstate travelers. 
‘‘(F) An explanation of how the State will 
collect tolls using electronic toll collection, including at highway speeds, if practicable. 
‘‘(G) A plan describing the proposed loca-
tion for the collection of tolls on the facility, including any locations in proximity to a State border. 
‘‘(H) Approved documentation that the 
project— 
‘‘(i) has received a categorical exclusion, a 
finding of no significant impact, or a record of decision under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) complies with the Uniform Relocation 
Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.).’’; 
(2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (6); (3) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (4); 
(4) in paragraph (4)(as so redesignated)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Before the Secretary may permit’’ and inserting ‘‘As a condition of per-mitting’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for permis-sible uses described in section 129(a)(3) of title 23, United States Code; and’’; and 
(ii) by striking clauses (i) through (iii); (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receipt of an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written notice informing the applicant whether— 
‘‘(i) the application is complete and meets 
all requirements under this subsection; or 
‘‘(ii) additional information or materials 
are needed— 
‘‘(I) to complete the application; or ‘‘(II) to meet the eligibility requirements 
under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION OR MATE -
RIALS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receipt of an application, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) identify any additional information or 
materials that are needed under subpara-
graph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(II) provide to the applicant written no-
tice specifying the details of the additional required information or materials. 
‘‘(ii) A
MENDED APPLICATION .—Not later 
than 60 days after receipt of the additional information under clause (i), the Secretary shall determine if the amended application is complete and meets all requirements under this subsection. 
‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On the re-
quest of a State, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to facilitate the devel-opment of a complete application under this paragraph that is likely to satisfy the eligi-bility criteria under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(D) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATION .—On writ-
ten notice by the Secretary that the applica-tion is complete and meets all requirements of this subsection, the project is considered approved and shall be permitted to partici-pate in the program under this subsection. 
‘‘(E) L
IMITATION ON APPROVED APPLICA -
TION.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For an application re-
ceived under this subsection on or after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5228 July 21, 2015 
reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, 
a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the application is approved, issue a so-licitation for a contract to provide for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facil-ity; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date 
on which the application is approved, exe-cute a contract for the reconstruction or re-habilitation of the facility. 
‘‘(ii) P
RIOR APPLICATIONS .—For an applica-
tion that received a conditional provisional approval under this subsection before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the DRIVE Act, issue a solici-tation for a contract to provide for the re-construction or rehabilitation of the facility; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date 
of enactment of the DRIVE Act, execute a contract for the reconstruction or rehabilita-tion of the facility. 
‘‘(iii) C
ANCELLATION OR EXTENSION .—If an 
applicable deadline under clause (i) or (ii) is not met, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) cancel the application approval; or ‘‘(II) grant an extension of not more than 1 
year for the applicable deadline, on the con-dition that— 
‘‘(aa) there has been demonstrable progress 
toward meeting the applicable requirements; and 
‘‘(bb) the requirements are likely to be met 
within 1 year. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PROGRAM FUNDS .— 
During the term of the pilot program, funds 
apportioned for the national highway per-formance program under section 104(b)(1) of title 23, United States Code, may not be used for a facility for which tolls are being col-lected under the pilot program unless the funds are used for a maintenance purpose, as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code.’’; 
(6) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) 
as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; 
(7) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A State may elect to 
withdraw participation of the State in the pilot program at any time.’’; and 
(8) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (6)), by inserting ‘‘after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act’’ after ‘‘10 years’’. 
SEC. 11020. EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR FEDERALLY 
OWNED ROADS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 125(d)(3) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) projects eligible for assistance under 
this section located on tribal transportation facilities, Federal lands transportation fa-cilities, or other federally owned roads that are open to public travel (as defined in sub-section (e)(1)).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 125(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) O PEN TO PUBLIC TRAVEL .—The term 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled peri-ods, extreme weather conditions, or emer-gencies, the road— 
‘‘(i) is maintained; ‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a stand-
ard passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, 
other than for general traffic control or re-strictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PASSENGER VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehicle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or differential to the ground.’’. 
SEC. 11021. BRIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR 
LOAD RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 144(h) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) B RIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR LOAD  
RESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) B RIDGES OWNED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES  
OR TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS .—If a Federal agen-
cy or tribal government fails to ensure that any highway bridge that is open to public travel and located in the jurisdiction of the Federal agency or tribal government is prop-erly closed or restricted to loads that the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close 
or restrict loads on the bridge, require the Federal agency or tribal government to take action necessary— 
‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or ‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public trav-
el on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the Federal agency or tribal 
government fails to take action required under clause (i), withhold all funding author-ized under this title for the Federal agency or tribal government.’’. 
‘‘(B) O
THER BRIDGES .—If a State fails to en-
sure that any highway bridge, other than a bridge described in subparagraph (A), that is open to public travel and is located within the boundaries of the State is properly closed or restricted to loads the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close 
or restrict loads on the bridge, require the State to take action necessary— 
‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or ‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public trav-
el on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the State fails to take action 
required under clause (i), withhold approval for Federal-aid projects in that State.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(7)’’. 
SEC. 11022. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
CHARGING AND NATURAL GAS FUEL-ING CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling corridors 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall designate national electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near- and long-term need for, and location of, electric vehicle charging infrastructure and natural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic loca-tions along major national highways to im-prove the mobility of passenger and commer-cial vehicles that employ electric and nat-ural gas fueling technologies across the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—In desig-
nating the corridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations from State and 
local officials for facilities to be included in the corridors; ‘‘(2) incorporate existing electric vehicle 
charging and natural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
‘‘(3) consider the demand for, and location 
of, existing electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In designating cor-
ridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall involve, on a voluntary basis, stake-holders that include— 
‘‘(1) the heads of other Federal agencies; ‘‘(2) State and local officials; ‘‘(3) representatives of— ‘‘(A) energy utilities; ‘‘(B) the electric and natural gas vehicle 
industries; 
‘‘(C) the freight and shipping industry; ‘‘(D) clean technology firms; ‘‘(E) the hospitality industry; ‘‘(F) the restaurant industry; and ‘‘(G) highway rest stop vendors; and ‘‘(4) such other stakeholders as the Sec-
retary determines to be necessary. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of establishment of the corridors under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update and redesignate the corridors. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—During designation and re-
designation of the corridors under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling infrastructure and stand-ardization needs for electricity providers, natural gas providers, infrastructure pro-viders, vehicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
‘‘(2) establishes an aspirational goal of 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling in-frastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
of chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 151 and inserting the following: 
‘‘151. National Electric Vehicle Charging and 
Natural Gas Fueling Cor-ridors.’’. 
SEC. 11023. ASSET MANAGEMENT. 
(a) Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE .—In this subsection, the term ‘critical 
infrastructure’ means those facilities the in-capacity or failure of which would have a de-bilitating impact on national or regional economic security, national or regional en-ergy security, national or regional public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The asset management 
plan of a State developed pursuant to sub-section (e) may include a designation of a critical infrastructure network of facilities from among those facilities in the State that are eligible under subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) R
ISK REDUCTION .—A State may use 
funds apportioned under this section for projects intended to reduce the risk of fail-ure of facilities designated as being on the critical infrastructure network of the State.’’. 
(b) Section 144 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘de-
ficient’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5229 July 21, 2015 
(2) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘each 
structurally deficient bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘each bridge in poor condition’’. 
(c) Section 202(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 11024. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM 
AMENDMENT. 
Section 202 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(6), by striking ‘‘6 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’. 
SEC. 11025. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FEDERAL 
LANDS AND TRIBAL PROJECTS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to provide funding to construct, reconstruct, or reha-bilitate nationally significant Federal lands and tribal transportation projects. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), entities eligible to receive funds under sections 201, 202, 203, and 204 of title 23, United States Code, may apply for funding under the program. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State, county, or unit 
of local government may only apply for fund-ing under the program if sponsored by an eli-gible Federal land management agency or Indian tribe. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—An eligible project 
under the program shall be a single contin-uous project— 
(1) on a Federal lands transportation facil-
ity, a Federal lands access transportation fa-cility, or a Tribal transportation facility (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 23, United States Code), except that such fa-cility is not required to be included on an in-ventory described in sections 202 or 203 of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) for which completion of activities re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) has been demonstrated through— 
(A) a record of decision with respect to the 
project; 
(B) a finding that the project has no sig-
nificant impact; or 
(C) a determination that the project is cat-
egorically excluded; and 
(3) having an estimated cost, based on the 
results of preliminary engineering, equal to or exceeding $25,000,0000, with priority con-sideration given to projects with an esti-mated cost equal to or exceeding $50,000,000. 
(d) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
an eligible applicant receiving funds under the program may only use the funds for con-struction, reconstruction, and rehabilitation activities. 
(2) I
NELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible ap-
plicant may not use funds received under the program for activities relating to project de-sign. 
(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—Eligible applicants 
shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. 
(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting a 
project to receive funds under the program, the Secretary shall consider the extent to 
which the project— 
(1) furthers the goals of the Department, 
including state of good repair, environ-mental sustainability, economic competi-tiveness, quality of life, and safety; 
(2) improves the condition of critical 
multimodal transportation facilities; 
(3) needs construction, reconstruction, or 
rehabilitation; 
(4) is included in or eligible for inclusion in 
the National Register of Historic Places; 
(5) enhances environmental ecosystems; (6) uses new technologies and innovations 
that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
(7) is supported by funds, other than the 
funds received under the program, to con-struct, maintain, and operate the facility; 
(8) spans 2 or more States; and (9) serves land owned by multiple Federal 
agencies or Indian tribes. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project shall be 95 percent. 
(h) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available for a period of 3 fiscal years fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the amounts were appropriated. 
SEC. 11026. FEDERAL LANDS PROGRAMMATIC AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 201(c) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)(A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively; 
(B) in the matter preceding subclause (I) 
(as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secre-taries’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries’’; 
(C) by inserting a period after ‘‘tribal 
transportation program’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘in accordance with’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘including—’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—Data collected to im-
plement the tribal transportation program shall be in accordance with the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
‘‘(iii) I
NCLUSIONS .—Data collected under 
this paragraph includes—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting 
the following— 
‘‘(7) C OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND TECH -
NOLOGY DEPLOYMENT .—The Secretary may 
conduct cooperative research and technology deployment in coordination with Federal land management agencies, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(8) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To carry out the activi-
ties described in this subsection for Federal lands transportation facilities, Federal lands access transportation facilities, and other federally owned roads open to public travel (as that term is defined in section 125(e)), the Secretary shall combine and use not greater than 5 percent for each fiscal year of the funds authorized for programs under sections 203 and 204. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In addition to the 
activities described in subparagraph (A), funds described under that subparagraph may be used for— 
‘‘(i) bridge inspections on any federally 
owned bridge even if that bridge is not in-cluded on the inventory described under sec-tion 203; and 
‘‘(ii) transportation planning activities 
carried out by Federal land management agencies eligible for funding under this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 11027. FEDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘oper-
ation’’ and inserting ‘‘capital, operations,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A)(iv)(I)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with 
natural resource and land management re-sponsibilities.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘performance management, including’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(vi) The Bureau of Reclamation.’’. 
SEC. 11028. INNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY. 
Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘engineering or design ap-
proaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or contracting’’ and in-
serting ‘‘or contracting or project delivery’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(III), by inserting 
‘‘and alternative bidding’’ before the semi-colon at the end. 
SEC. 11029. OBLIGATION AND RELEASE OF 
FUNDS. 
Section 118(c)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Any funds’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
NGENERAL .—Any funds’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: (B) S
AME CLASS OF FUNDS NOLONGER AU-
THORIZED .—If the same class of funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) is no longer authorized in the most recent authorizing law, the funds may be credited to a similar class of funds, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
Subtitle B—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
SEC. 11101. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PROJECTS OF LIMITED FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE. 
Section 1317 of MAP-21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 
Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) I NFLATIONARY ADJUSTMENT .—The dol-
lar amounts described in subsection (a) shall be adjusted for inflation— 
‘‘(1) effective October 1, 2015, to reflect 
changes since July 1, 2012, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor; and 
‘‘(2) effective October 1, 2016, and each suc-
ceeding October 1, to reflect changes for the preceding 12-month period in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 11102. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1318 of MAP–21 
(23 U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.044 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5230 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a template programmatic agreement described in subsection (d) that provides for efficient and adequate procedures for evalu-ating Federal actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF TEMPLATE .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) on receipt of a request from a State, 
shall use the template programmatic agree-ment developed under paragraph (1) in car-rying out this section; and 
‘‘(B) on consent of the applicable State, 
may modify the template as necessary to ad-dress the unique needs and characteristics of the State. 
‘‘(3) O
UTCOME MEASUREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a method to verify that actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this sub-section), are evaluated and documented in a consistent manner by the State that uses the template programmatic agreement under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise section 771.117(g) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow a pro-grammatic agreement under this section to include responsibility for making categorical exclusion determinations— 
(1) for actions described in subsections (c) 
and (d) of section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
(2) that meet the criteria for a categorical 
exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), and are identified in the programmatic agreement. 
SEC. 11103. AGENCY COORDINATION. 
(a) R OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEAD 
AGENCY .—Section 139(c)(6) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to consider and respond to comments 
received from participating agencies on mat-ters within the special expertise or jurisdic-tion of the participating agencies.’’. 
(b) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—Section 139(d) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—An agency participating in the col-
laborative environmental review process under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) provide comments, responses, studies, 
or methodologies on those areas within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the Fed-eral participating or cooperating agency; and 
‘‘(B) use the process to address any envi-
ronmental issues of concern to the partici-pating or cooperating agency.’’. 
SEC. 11104. INITIATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEW PROCESS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) P ROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘project’ 
means any highway project, public transpor-tation capital project, or multimodal project that, if implemented as proposed by the project sponsor, would require approval by any operating administration or secretarial office within the Department. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall take into ac-count, if known, any sources of Federal fund-ing or financing identified by the project 
sponsor, including discretionary grant, loan, and loan guarantee programs administered by the Department.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing any additional information that the project sponsor considers to be important to initiate the process for the proposed project)’’ after ‘‘location of the proposed project’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—Not later 
than 45 days after the date on which an ap-plication is received by the Secretary under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the project sponsor a written response that, as applicable— 
‘‘(A) describes the determination of the 
Secretary— 
‘‘(i) to initiate the environmental review 
process, including a timeline and an ex-pected date for the publication in the Fed-eral Register of the relevant notice of intent; or 
‘‘(ii) to decline the application, including 
an explanation of the reasons for that deci-sion; or 
‘‘(B) requests additional information, and 
provides to the project sponsor an account-ing, regarding what is necessary to initiate the environmental review process. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUEST TO DESIGNATE A LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any project sponsor 
may submit a request to the Secretary to designate a specific operating administra-tion or secretarial office within the Depart-ment of Transportation to serve as the Fed-eral lead agency for a project. 
‘‘(B) P
ROPOSED SCHEDULE .—A request under 
subparagraph (A) may include a proposed schedule for completing the environmental review process. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL ACTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a request under sub-
paragraph (A) is received, the Secretary shall respond to the request not later than 45 days after the date of receipt. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The response shall— 
‘‘(I) approve the request; ‘‘(II) deny the request, with an explanation 
of the reasons; or 
‘‘(III) require the submission of additional 
information. 
‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If addi-
tional information is submitted in accord-ance with clause (ii)(III), the Secretary shall respond to that submission not later than 45 days after the date of receipt.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the lead agency shall reduce du-plication, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, between— 
‘‘(I) the evaluation of alternatives under 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(II) the evaluation of alternatives in the 
metropolitan transportation planning proc-ess under section 134 of title 23, United States Code, or an environmental review process carried out under State law (referred to in this subparagraph as a ‘State environ-mental review process’). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
The lead agency may eliminate from de-tailed consideration an alternative proposed in an environmental impact statement re-garding a project if, as determined by the lead agency— 
‘‘(I) the alternative was considered in a 
metropolitan planning process or a State en-vironmental review process by a metropoli-tan planning organization or a State or local transportation agency, as applicable; ‘‘(II) the lead agency provided guidance to 
the metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency, as ap-plicable, regarding analysis of alternatives in the metropolitan planning process or State environmental review process, includ-ing guidance on the requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other require-ments of Federal law necessary for approval of the project; 
‘‘(III) the applicable metropolitan planning 
process or State environmental review proc-ess included an opportunity for public review and comment; 
‘‘(IV) the applicable metropolitan planning 
organization or State or local transportation agency rejected the alternative after consid-ering public comments; 
‘‘(V) the Federal lead agency independ-
ently reviewed the alternative evaluation approved by the applicable metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency; and 
‘‘(VI) the Federal lead agency has deter-
mined— 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with Federal partici-
pating or cooperating agencies, that the al-ternative to be eliminated from consider-ation is not necessary for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(bb) with the concurrence of Federal 
agencies with jurisdiction over a permit or approval required for a project, that the al-ternative to be eliminated from consider-ation is not necessary for any permit or ap-proval under any other Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 11105. IMPROVING COLLABORATION FOR 
ACCELERATED DECISION MAKING. 
(a) C OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .—Sec-
tion 139(g)(1)(B)(i) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The lead agency’’ and in-
serting ‘‘For a project requiring an environ-mental impact statement or environmental assessment, the lead agency’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall’’. 
(b) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLU -
TION.—Section 139(h) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (5) and’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A)(ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘, 
including modifications to the project sched-ule’’ after ‘‘review process’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6)(B), by striking clause 
(ii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date re-
ferred to in clause (i) is 1 of the following: 
‘‘(I) The date that is 30 days after the date 
for rendering a decision as described in the project schedule established pursuant to sub-section (g)(1)(B). 
‘‘(II) If no schedule exists, the later of— ‘‘(aa) the date that is 180 days after the 
date on which an application for the permit, license or approval is complete; or 
‘‘(bb) the date that is 180 days after the 
date on which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(III) A modified date consistent with sub-
section (g)(1)(D).’’. 
SEC. 11106. ACCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) A
CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modi-fies the statement in response to comments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5231 July 21, 2015 
that are minor and are confined to factual 
corrections or explanations regarding why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the statement instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the sources, authorities, or rea-
sons that support the position of the lead agency; and 
‘‘(B) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(2) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the lead agency shall expe-ditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(A) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(B) there are significant new cir-
cumstances or information that— 
‘‘(i) are relevant to environmental con-
cerns; and 
‘‘(ii) bear on the proposed action or the im-
pacts of the proposed action.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1319 of MAP–21 (42 
U.S.C. 4332a) is repealed. 
SEC. 11107. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code 
(as amended by section 11106(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(o) R
EVIEWS , APPROVALS , ANDPERMITTING  
PLATFORM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish an on-line platform and, in coordination with agen-cies described in paragraph (2), issue report-ing standards to make publicly available the status of reviews, approvals, and permits re-quired for compliance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or other applicable Federal laws for projects and activities requiring an environ-mental assessment or an environmental im-pact statement. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A 
Federal agency of jurisdiction over a review, approval, or permit described in paragraph (1) shall provide status information in ac-cordance with the standards established by the Secretary under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE RESPONSIBILITIES .—A State that 
is assigned and assumes responsibilities under section 326 or 327 shall provide applica-ble status information in accordance with standards established by the Secretary under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 11108. INTEGRATION OF PLANNING AND EN-
VIRONMENTAL REVIEW. 
Section 168 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 168. Integration of planning and environ-
mental review 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘environmental review process’ means the process for preparing for a project an en-vironmental impact statement, environ-mental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCT .—The term ‘plan-
ning product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decision-making process carried out by a metropoli-tan planning organization or a State, as ap-
propriate, during metropolitan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 135, respectively. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(b) A DOPTION OF PLANNING PRODUCTS FOR  
USE IN NEPA P ROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(d), the Federal lead agency for a project may adopt and use a planning product in proceedings relating to any class of action in the environmental review process of the project. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—If the Federal lead 
agency makes a determination to adopt and use a planning product, the Federal lead agency shall identify the agencies that par-ticipated in the development of the planning products. 
‘‘(3) P
ARTIAL ADOPTION OF PLANNING PROD -
UCTS.—The Federal lead agency may— 
‘‘(A) adopt an entire planning product 
under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) select portions of a planning project 
under paragraph (1) for adoption. 
‘‘(4) T IMING .—A determination under para-
graph (1) with respect to the adoption of a planning product may— 
‘‘(A) be made at the time the lead agencies 
decide the appropriate scope of environ-mental review for the project; or 
‘‘(B) occur later in the environmental re-
view process, as appropriate. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) P LANNING DECISIONS .—The lead agency 
in the environmental review process may adopt decisions from a planning product, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) whether tolling, private financial as-
sistance, or other special financial measures are necessary to implement the project; 
‘‘(B) a decision with respect to general 
travel corridor or modal choice, including a decision to implement corridor or subarea study recommendations to advance different modal solutions as separate projects with independent utility; 
‘‘(C) the purpose and the need for the pro-
posed action; 
‘‘(D) preliminary screening of alternatives 
and elimination of unreasonable alter-natives; 
‘‘(E) a basic description of the environ-
mental setting; 
‘‘(F) a decision with respect to methodolo-
gies for analysis; and 
‘‘(G) an identification of programmatic 
level mitigation for potential impacts of transportation projects, including— 
‘‘(i) measures to avoid, minimize, and miti-
gate impacts at a regional or national scale; 
‘‘(ii) investments in regional ecosystem 
and water resources; and 
‘‘(iii) a programmatic mitigation plan de-
veloped in accordance with section 169. 
‘‘(2) P
LANNING ANALYSES .—The lead agency 
in the environmental review process may adopt analyses from a planning product, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) travel demands; ‘‘(B) regional development and growth; ‘‘(C) local land use, growth management, 
and development; 
‘‘(D) population and employment; ‘‘(E) natural and built environmental con-
ditions; 
‘‘(F) environmental resources and environ-
mentally sensitive areas; 
‘‘(G) potential environmental effects, in-
cluding the identification of resources of concern and potential indirect and cumu-lative effects on those resources; and 
‘‘(H) mitigation needs for a proposed ac-
tion, or for programmatic level mitigation, for potential effects that the Federal lead agency determines are most effectively ad-dressed at a regional or national program 
level. 
‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS .—The lead agency in the 
environmental review process may adopt and use a planning product under this section if the lead agency determines, with the concur-rence of other participating agencies with relevant expertise and project sponsors, as appropriate, that the following conditions have been met: 
‘‘(1) The planning product was developed 
through a planning process conducted pursu-ant to applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(2) The planning product was developed in 
consultation with appropriate Federal and State resource agencies and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) The planning process included broad 
multidisciplinary consideration of systems- level or corridor-wide transportation needs 
and potential effects, including effects on the human and natural environment. 
‘‘(4) The planning process included public 
notice that the planning products produced in the planning process may be adopted dur-ing a subsequent environmental review proc-ess in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(5) During the environmental review proc-
ess, the lead agency has— 
‘‘(A) made the planning documents avail-
able for public review and comment; 
‘‘(B) provided notice of the intention of the 
lead agency to adopt the planning product; and 
‘‘(C) considered any resulting comments. ‘‘(6) There is no significant new informa-
tion or new circumstance that has a reason-able likelihood of affecting the continued va-lidity or appropriateness of the planning product. 
‘‘(7) The planning product has a rational 
basis and is based on reliable and reasonably current data and reasonable and scientif-ically acceptable methodologies. 
‘‘(8) The planning product is documented in 
sufficient detail to support the decision or the results of the analysis and to meet re-quirements for use of the information in the environmental review process. 
‘‘(9) The planning product is appropriate 
for adoption and use in the environmental review process for the project and is incor-porated in accordance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 1502.21 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act). 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF ADOPTION .—Any planning 
product adopted by the Federal lead agency in accordance with this section may be— 
‘‘(1) incorporated directly into an environ-
mental review process document or other en-vironmental document; and 
‘‘(2) relied on and used by other Federal 
agencies in carrying out reviews of the project. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section does not 
make the environmental review process ap-plicable to the transportation planning proc-ess conducted under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSPORTATION PLANNING ACTIVI -
TIES.—Initiation of the environmental re-
view process as a part of, or concurrently with, transportation planning activities does not subject transportation plans and pro-grams to the environmental review process. 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCTS .—This section 
does not affect the use of planning products in the environmental review process pursu-ant to other authorities under any other pro-vision of law or restrict the initiation of the environmental review process during plan-ning.’’. 
SEC. 11109. USE OF PROGRAMMATIC MITIGATION 
PLANS. 
Section 169(f) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5232 July 21, 2015 
(1) by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall consider’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or other Federal environ-
mental law’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 11110. ADOPTION OF DEPARTMENTAL ENVI-
RONMENTAL DOCUMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 306 the following: 
‘‘§ 307. Adoption of Departmental environ-
mental documents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An operating adminis-
tration or secretarial office within the De-partment may adopt any draft environ-mental impact statement, final environ-mental impact statement, environmental as-sessment, or any other document issued under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by another operating administration or secretarial of-fice within the Department— 
‘‘(1) without recirculating the document 
(except that a final environmental impact statement shall be recirculated prior to adoption); and 
‘‘(2) if the operating administration or sec-
retarial office adopting the document cer-tifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the docu-ment to be adopted. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—An adopting 
operating administration or secretarial of-fice that was a cooperating agency and cer-tifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the docu-ment to be adopted and that its comments and suggestions have been addressed may adopt a document described in subsection (a) without recirculating the document.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 307. Adoption of Departmental envi-
ronmental documents.’’. 
SEC. 11111. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
Section 326 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) 
through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO STATES .—On request of 
a Governor of a State, the Secretary shall provide to the State technical assistance, training, or other support relating to— 
‘‘(A) assuming responsibility under sub-
section (a); 
‘‘(B) developing a memorandum of under-
standing under this subsection; or 
‘‘(C) addressing a responsibility in need of 
corrective action under subsection (d)(1)(B).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program, if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the 
State is not adequately carrying out the re-sponsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to 
take such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the 
State, a detailed description of each respon-sibility in need of corrective action regard-ing an inadequacy identified under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and 
period described in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (B), fails to take satisfactory cor-
rective action, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 11112. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROJECT DELIVERY PROGRAM. 
Section 327(j) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the 
State is not adequately carrying out the re-sponsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to 
take such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the 
State, a detailed description of each respon-sibility in need of corrective action regard-ing an inadequacy identified under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and 
period provided under subparagraph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as de-
termined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 11113. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS FOR 
MULTIMODAL PROJECTS. 
(a) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT DEFINED .—Sec-
tion 139(a) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(5) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that requires approval by more than 1 Depart-ment of Transportation operating adminis-tration or secretarial office.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—Section 
304 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘operating 
authority that is not the lead authority with respect to a project’’ and inserting ‘‘oper-ating administration or secretarial office that has expertise but is not the lead author-ity with respect to a proposed multimodal project’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transpor-tation operating administration or secre-tarial office that has the lead responsibility for compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a proposed multimodal project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion 
designated under the implementing regula-tions or’’ and inserting ‘‘a categorical exclu-sion designated under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing regulations or’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a determina-
tion, in consultation with the cooperating authority, on the applicability of a categor-ical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not ob-
ject to the determination of the lead author-ity of the applicability of a categorical ex-clusion; 
‘‘(3) the lead authority determines that the 
component of the proposed multimodal project to be covered by the categorical ex-
clusion of the cooperating authority has independent utility; and 
‘‘(4) the lead authority determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposed multimodal project does 
not individually or cumulatively have a sig-nificant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(B) extraordinary circumstances do not 
exist that merit additional analysis and doc-umentation in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATIVE AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .— 
A cooperating authority shall provide exper-tise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 11114. MODERNIZATION OF THE ENVIRON-
MENTAL REVIEW PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall examine ways to modernize, simplify, and improve the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) by the Depart-ment. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the use of technology in the process, 
such as— 
(A) searchable databases; (B) geographic information system map-
ping tools; 
(C) integration of those tools with fiscal 
management systems to provide more de-tailed data; and 
(D) other innovative technologies; (2) ways to prioritize use of programmatic 
environmental impact statements; 
(3) methods to encourage cooperating agen-
cies to present analyses in a concise format; and 
(4) any other improvements that can be 
made to modernize process implementation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the results of the review carried out under subsection (a). 
SEC. 11115. SERVICE CLUB, CHARITABLE ASSO-
CIATION, OR RELIGIOUS SERVICE SIGNS. 
Notwithstanding section 131 of title 23, 
United States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the mainte-nance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or religious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act, the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State notifies the Federal Highway Administration. 
SEC. 11116. SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, with the requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5233 July 21, 2015 
subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-
cedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all con-currences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2), each individual described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION .—Section 303 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, the requirements of this section with the requirements of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-cedures to satisfy the requirements described 
in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all con-currences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2), the applicable preservation officer, the Coun-cil, and the Secretary of the Interior shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
SEC. 11117. BRIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSID-
ERATION UNDER CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) P RESERVATION OF PARKLANDS .—Section 
138 of title 23, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or 
steel bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from indi-vidual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
(b) P
OLICY ON LANDS , WILDLIFE AND WATER -
FOWL REFUGES , ANDHISTORIC SITES.—Section 
303 of title 49, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or 
steel bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from indi-vidual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from 
consideration under this section.’’. 
SEC. 11118. ELIMINATION OF BARRIERS TO IM-
PROVE AT-RISK BRIDGES. 
(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Until the Secretary of the 
Interior takes the action described in sub-section (b), the take of nesting swallows to facilitate a construction project on a bridge eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, with any component condition rating of 3 or less (as defined by the National Bridge Inventory General Condition Guid-ance issued by the Federal Highway Admin-istration) is authorized under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) be-tween April 1 and August 31. 
(2) M
EASURES TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS .— 
(A) N OTIFICATION BEFORE TAKING .—Prior to 
the taking of nesting swallows authorized under paragraph (1), any person taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains— 
(i) the name of the person acting under the 
authority of paragraph (1) to take nesting swallows; 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will 
be undertaken to minimize or mitigate sig-nificant adverse impacts on the population of that species; 
(iii) the time period during which activi-
ties will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by 
species, to be taken in the proposed action. 
(B) N
OTIFICATION AFTER TAKING .—Not later 
than 60 days after the taking of nesting swal-lows authorized under paragraph (1), any per-son taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains the number of birds, by species, taken in the action. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TAKE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate a regulation under the au-thority of section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) authorizing the take of nesting swallows to facilitate bridge repair, maintenance, or construction— 
(A) without individual permit require-
ments; and 
(B) under terms and conditions determined 
to be consistent with treaties relating to mi-gratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—On the effective date of 
a final rule under this subsection by the Sec-retary of the Interior, subsection (a) shall have no force or effect. 
(c) S
USPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF TAKE 
AUTHORIZATION .—If the Secretary of the In-
terior, in consultation with the Secretary, determines that taking of nesting swallows carried out under the authority provided in subsection (a)(1) is having a significant ad-verse impact on swallow populations, the Secretary of the Interior may suspend that authority through publication in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 11119. AT-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PRELIMINARY ENGINEER -
ING.—In this section, the term ‘‘preliminary 
engineering’’ means allowable preconstruction project development and en-gineering costs. 
(b) A
T-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT AU-
THORITY .—A recipient or subrecipient of Fed-
eral-aid funds under title 23, United States Code, may— 
(1) incur preliminary engineering costs for 
an eligible project under title 23, United States Code, before receiving project author-ization from the State, in the case of a sub-recipient, and the Secretary to proceed with the project; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5234 July 21, 2015 
(2) request reimbursement of applicable 
Federal funds after the project authorization is received. 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may reim-
burse preliminary engineering costs incurred by a recipient or subrecipient under sub-section (b)— 
(1) if the costs meet all applicable require-
ments under title 23, United States Code, at the time the costs are incurred and the Sec-retary concurs that the requirements have been met; 
(2) in the case of a project located within a 
designated nonattainment or maintenance area for air quality, if the conformity re-quirements of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) have been met; and 
(3) if the costs would have been allowable if 
incurred after the date of the project author-ization by the Department. 
(d) A
T-RISK.—A recipient or subrecipient 
that elects to use the authority provided under this section shall— 
(1) assume all risk for preliminary engi-
neering costs incurred prior to project au-thorization; and 
(2) be responsible for ensuring and dem-
onstrating to the Secretary that all applica-ble cost eligibility conditions are met after the authorization is received. 
(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Nothing in this sec-
tion— 
(1) allows a recipient or subrecipient to use 
the authority under this section to advance a project beyond preliminary engineering prior to the completion of the environmental review process; 
(2) waives the applicability of Federal re-
quirements to a project other than the reim-bursement of preliminary engineering costs incurred prior to an authorization to proceed in accordance with this section; or 
(3) guarantees Federal funding of the 
project or the eligibility of the project for future Federal-aid highway funding. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 11201. CREDITS FOR UNTAXED TRANSPOR-
TATION FUELS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFIED REVENUES .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘qualified revenues’’ means any amounts— 
(1) collected by a State— (A) for the registration of a vehicle that 
operates solely on a fuel that is not subject to a Federal tax; and 
(B) not sooner than the second registration 
period following the purchase of the vehicle; and 
(2) that do not exceed, for a vehicle de-
scribed in paragraph (1), an annual amount determined by the Secretary to be equal to the annual amount paid for Federal motor fuels taxes on the fuel used by an average passenger car fueled solely by gasoline. 
(b) C
REDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
if a State contributes qualified revenues to cover not less than 5 percent of the total cost of a project eligible for assistance under this title, the Federal share payable for the project under this section may be increased by an amount that is— 
(A) equal to the percent of the total cost of 
the project from contributed qualified reve-nues; but 
(B) not more than 5 percent of the total 
cost of the project. 
(2) E
XPIRATION .—The authorization of an 
increased Federal share for a project pursu-ant to paragraph (1) expires on September 30, 2023. 
(c) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the expiration date 
of the credit under subsection (b)(2), the Sec-retary, in coordination with other appro-priate Federal agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes the most efficient and equitable means of taxing motor vehicle fuels not sub-ject to a Federal tax as of the date of sub-mission of the report. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The means described in 
the report under paragraph (1) shall parallel, as closely as practicable, the structure of other Federal taxes on motor fuels. 
SEC. 11202. JUSTIFICATION REPORTS FOR AC-
CESS POINTS ON THE INTERSTATE SYSTEM. 
Section 111(e) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including new or modified freeway-to-crossroad inter-changes inside a transportation management area)’’ after ‘‘the Interstate System’’. 
SEC. 11203. EXEMPTIONS. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) N
ATURAL GASVEHICLES .—A vehicle, if 
operated by an engine fueled primarily by natural gas, may exceed any vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds) under this section by an amount that is equal to the difference be-tween— 
‘‘(1) the weight of the vehicle attributable 
to the natural gas tank and fueling system carried by that vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) the weight of a comparable diesel tank 
and fueling system. 
‘‘(n) E
MERGENCY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF EMERGENCY VEHICLE .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘emergency vehi-cle’ means a vehicle designed to be used under emergency conditions— 
‘‘(A) to transport personnel and equipment; 
and 
‘‘(B) to support the suppression of fires and 
mitigation of other hazardous situations. 
‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMIT .— 
Notwithstanding subsection (a), a State shall not enforce against an emergency vehicle a vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 86,000 pounds) of less than— 
‘‘(A) 24,000 pounds on a single steering axle; ‘‘(B) 33,500 pounds on a single drive axle; ‘‘(C) 62,000 pounds on a tandem axle; or ‘‘(D) 52,000 pounds on a tandem rear drive 
steer axle. 
‘‘(o) O
PERATION OF CERTAIN SPECIALIZED  
VEHICLES ON CERTAIN HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE  
OFARKANSAS .—If any segment of United 
States Route 63 between the exits for high-ways 14 and 75 in the State of Arkansas is designated as part of the Interstate Sys-tem— 
‘‘(1) a vehicle that could legally operate on 
the segment before the date of the designa-tion at the posted speed limit may continue to operate on that segment; and 
‘‘(2) a vehicle that can only travel below 
the posted speed limit on the segment that could otherwise legally operate on the seg-ment before the date of the designation may continue to operate on that segment during daylight hours.’’. 
SEC. 11204. HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS ON THE 
NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1105 of the Intermodal Surface 
Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2031) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c) (105 Stat. 2032; 119 Stat. 
1213)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (13) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(13) Raleigh-Norfolk Corridor from Ra-
leigh, North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston and Elizabeth City, North Carolina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (68) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(68) The Washoe County Corridor and the 
Intermountain West Corridor shall generally 
follow: ‘‘(A) in the case of the Washoe County Cor-
ridor, along Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/United States Route 95A, from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of the Intermountain West 
Corridor, from the vicinity of Las Vegas ex-tending north along United States Route 95, terminating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(81) United States Route 117/Interstate 
Route 795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate Route 40 west of Faison, Samp-son County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(82) United States Route 70 from its inter-
section with Interstate Route 40 in Garner, Wake County, North Carolina, to the Port at Morehead City, Carteret County, North Carolina.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A) (109 Stat. 597; 118 
Stat. 293; 119 Stat. 1213), in the first sen-tence— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(13),’’ after 
‘‘subsection (c)(9),’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsections (c)(18)’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(c)(36)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(18), subsection (c)(20), sub-paragraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26), subsection (c)(36)’’ ; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(57)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), subsection (c)(68)(B), subsection (c)(81), and subsection (c)(82)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i) (109 Stat. 598; 126 
Stat. 427), by striking the last sentence and inserting ‘‘The routes referred to in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26) and in subsection (c)(68)(B) are designated as Interstate Route I–11.’’. 
SEC. 11205. REPEAT INTOXICATED DRIVER LAW. 
Section 164(a)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘or combina-tion of laws’’ after ‘‘means a State law’’. 
SEC. 11206. VEHICLE-TO-INFRASTRUCTURE 
EQUIPMENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119(d)(2)(L) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding the installation of interoperable ve-hicle-to-infrastructure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improvements’’. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 133(b)(16) of title 23, United States Code, by inserting ‘‘, including the installa-tion of interoperable vehicle-to-infrastruc-ture communication equipment’’ after ‘‘cap-ital improvements’’. 
SEC. 11207. RELINQUISHMENT. 
A State transportation agency may relin-
quish park-and-ride lot facilities or portions of park-and-ride lot facilities to a local gov-ernment agency for highway purposes if au-thorized to do so under State law. 
SEC. 11208. TRANSFER AND SALE OF TOLL CRED-
ITS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) E LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible 
State’’ means a State that— 
(A) is eligible to use a credit under section 
120(i) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) has been selected by the Secretary 
under subsection (d)(2). 
(2) R ECIPIENT STATE .—The term ‘‘recipient 
State’’ means a State that receives a credit by transfer or by sale under this section from an eligible State. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the es-tablishment of a nationwide toll credit mon-itoring and tracking system under sub-section (g), the Secretary shall establish and implement a toll credit marketplace pilot program in accordance with this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5235 July 21, 2015 
(c) P URPOSES .—The purposes of the pilot 
program established under subsection (b) are— 
(1) to identify whether a monetary value 
can be assigned to toll credits; 
(2) to identify the discounted rate of toll 
credits for cash; 
(3) to determine if the purchase of toll 
credits by States provides the purchasing State budget flexibility to deal with funding issues, including off-system needs, transit systems with high operating costs, or cash flow issues; and 
(4) to test the feasibility of expanding the 
toll credit market to allow all States to par-ticipate on a permanent basis. 
(d) S
ELECTION OF ELIGIBLE STATES .— 
(1) A PPLICATION TO SECRETARY .—In order to 
participate in the pilot program established under subsection (b), a State shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
(2) S
ELECTION .—Of the States that submit 
an application under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may select not more than 10 States to be designated as an eligible State. 
(e) T
RANSFER OR SALE OF CREDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot 
program established under subsection (b), the Secretary shall provide that an eligible State may transfer or sell to a recipient State a credit not used by the eligible State under section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) U
SE OF CREDITS BY TRANSFEREE OR PUR -
CHASER .—A recipient State may use a credit 
received under paragraph (1) toward the non- Federal share requirement for any funds made available to carry out title 23 or chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) C
ONDITION ON TRANSFER OR SALE OF  
CREDITS .—To receive a credit under para-
graph (1), a recipient State shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary described in section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) U
SE OF PROCEEDS FROM SALE OF CRED-
ITS.—An eligible State shall use the proceeds 
from the sale of a credit under subsection (e)(1) for any project in the eligible State that is eligible under the surface transpor-tation program established under section 133 of title 23, United States Code. 
(g) T
OLL CREDIT MONITORING AND TRACK -
ING.—Not later than 180 days after the enact-
ment of this section, the Secretary shall es-tablish a nationwide toll credit monitoring and tracking system that functions as a real- time database on the inventory and use of toll credits among all States (as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code). 
(h) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which a credit is trans-ferred or sold under subsection (e)(1), the eli-gible State shall submit to the Secretary in writing a notification of the transfer or sale. 
(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of establishment of the pilot program under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the progress of the pilot program. 
(2) S
TATE REPORT .— 
(A) R EPORT BY ELIGIBLE STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under 
subsection (e)(1), an eligible State shall sub-mit to the Secretary a report that de-scribes— 
(i) information on the transaction; (ii) the amount of cash received and the 
value of toll credits sold; 
(iii) the intended use of the cash; and (iv) an update on the remaining toll credit 
balance of the State. (B) R
EPORT BY RECIPIENT STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under subsection (e)(1), a recipient State shall sub-mit to the Secretary a report that de-scribes— 
(i) the value of toll credits purchased; (ii) the anticipated use of the toll credits; 
and 
(iii) plans for maintaining maintenance of 
effort for spending on Federal-aid highways projects. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (b) is established and each year thereafter that the pilot program is in effect, the Secretary shall— 
(A) submit to the Committee on Environ-
ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(i) determines whether a toll credit mar-
ketplace is viable; 
(ii) describes the buying and selling activi-
ties of the pilot program; 
(iii) describes the monetary value of toll 
credits; 
(iv) determines whether the pilot program 
could be expanded to more States or all States; and 
(v) provides updated information on the 
toll credit balance accumulated by each State; and 
(B) make the report described in subpara-
graph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
(j) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may ter-
minate the program established under this section or the participation of any State in the program if the Secretary determines that the program is not serving a public ben-efit. 
SEC. 11209. REGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACCEL-
ERATOR DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a regional infrastructure demonstra-tion program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to assist entities in devel-oping improved infrastructure priorities and financing strategies for the accelerated de-velopment of a project that is eligible for funding under the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF REGIONAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCELERATORS .—In carrying out the 
program, the Secretary may designate re-gional infrastructure accelerators that will— 
(1) serve a defined geographic area; and (2) act as a resource in the geographic area 
to qualified entities in accordance with this section. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a des-
ignation under subsection (b), a proposed re-gional infrastructure accelerator shall sub-mit to the Secretary a proposal at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(d) C
RITERIA .—In evaluating a proposal 
submitted under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall consider— 
(1) the need for geographic diversity among 
regional infrastructure accelerators; and 
(2) the ability of the proposal to promote 
investment in covered infrastructure projects, which shall include a plan— 
(A) to evaluate and promote innovative fi-
nancing methods for local projects, including the use of the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) to build capacity of State, local, and 
tribal governments to evaluate and structure projects involving the investment of private capital; 
(C) to provide technical assistance and in-
formation on best practices with respect to financing the projects; 
(D) to increase transparency with respect 
to infrastructure project analysis and using innovative financing for public infrastruc-
ture projects; 
(E) to deploy predevelopment capital pro-
grams designed to facilitate the creation of a pipeline of infrastructure projects available for investment; 
(F) to bundle smaller-scale and rural 
projects into larger proposals that may be more attractive for investment; and 
(G) to reduce transaction costs for public 
project sponsors. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently 
than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report that describes the findings and effectiveness of the program. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $12,000,000, of which the Secretary shall use— 
(1) $11,750,000 for initial grants to regional 
infrastructure accelerators under subsection (b); and 
(2) $250,000 for administrative costs of car-
rying out the program. 
TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION INNOVATION 
Subtitle A—Research 
SEC. 12001. RESEARCH, TECHNOLOGY, AND EDU-
CATION. 
(a) H IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—Section 503(b)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (xviii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in clause (xix), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xx) accelerated mobile, highway-speed, 
bridge inspection methods that provide quantitative data-driven decisionmaking ca-pabilities without requiring lane closures; and 
‘‘(xxi) innovative segmental wall tech-
nology for soil bank stabilization and road-way sound attenuation, and articulated tech-nology for hydraulic sheer-resistant erosion control.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)(i), by inserting 
‘‘and section 119(e)’’ after ‘‘this subpara-graph’’. 
(b) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—Section 503(c) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘establish and imple-ment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(i) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) use not less than 50 percent of the 
funds authorized to carry out this subsection to make grants to, and enter into coopera-tive agreements and contracts with, States, other Federal agencies, local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, insti-tutions of higher education, private sector entities, and nonprofit organizations to carry out demonstration programs that will accelerate the deployment and adoption of transportation research activities;’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) I
NNOVATION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established under subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary shall establish a transparent competitive process in which entities de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i) may submit an application to receive a grant under this sub-section. 
‘‘(ii) P
UBLICATION OF APPLICATION PROC -
ESS.—A description of the application proc-
ess established by the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) be posted on a public website; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5236 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(II) identify the information required to 
be included in the application; and 
‘‘(III) identify the criteria by which the 
Secretary shall select grant recipients. 
‘‘(iii) S UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—To re-
ceive a grant under this paragraph, an entity described in subparagraph (B)(i) shall submit an application to the Secretary. 
‘‘(iv) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary shall select and approve an applica-tion submitted under clause (iii) based on whether the project described in the applica-tion meets the goals of the program de-scribed in paragraph (1).’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘each of 
fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
505(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 503(c)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 503 (c)(2)(D)’’. 
SEC. 12002. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
DEPLOYMENT .—Section 513 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
YSTEM OPERATIONS AND ITS D EPLOY -
MENT GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a competitive grant program to ac-celerate the deployment, operation, systems management, intermodal integration, and interoperability of the ITS program and ITS- enabled operational strategies— 
‘‘(A) to measure and improve the perform-
ance of the surface transportation system; 
‘‘(B) to reduce traffic congestion and the 
economic and environmental impacts of traf-fic congestion; 
‘‘(C) to minimize fatalities and injuries; ‘‘(D) to enhance mobility of people and 
goods; 
‘‘(E) to improve traveler information and 
services; and 
‘‘(F) to optimize existing roadway capac-
ity. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this subsection, an eligible enti-ty shall submit an application to the Sec-retary that includes— 
‘‘(A) a plan to deploy and provide for the 
long-term operation and maintenance of in-telligent transportation systems to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment, such as— 
‘‘(i) autonomous vehicle communication 
technologies; 
‘‘(ii) vehicle-to-vehicle or vehicle-to-infra-
structure communication technologies; 
‘‘(iii) real-time integrated traffic, transit, 
and multimodal transportation information; 
‘‘(iv) advanced traffic, freight, parking, 
and incident management systems; 
‘‘(v) advanced technologies to improve 
transit and commercial vehicle operations; 
‘‘(vi) synchronized, adaptive, and transit 
preferential traffic signals; 
‘‘(vii) advanced infrastructure condition 
assessment technologies; and 
‘‘(viii) other technologies to improve sys-
tem operations, including ITS applications necessary for multimodal systems integra-tion and for achieving performance goals; 
‘‘(B) quantifiable system performance im-
provements, including— 
‘‘(i) reductions in traffic-related crashes, 
congestion, and costs; 
‘‘(ii) optimization of system efficiency; and ‘‘(iii) improvement of access to transpor-
tation services; 
‘‘(C) quantifiable safety, mobility, and en-
vironmental benefit projections, including data-driven estimates of the manner in which the project will improve the efficiency of the transportation system and reduce traffic congestion in the region; ‘‘(D) a plan for partnering with the private 
sector, including telecommunications indus-tries and public service utilities, public agencies (including multimodal and multi-jurisdictional entities), research institu-tions, organizations representing transpor-tation and technology leaders, and other transportation stakeholders; 
‘‘(E) a plan to leverage and optimize exist-
ing local and regional ITS investments; and 
‘‘(F) a plan to ensure interoperability of 
deployed technologies with other tolling, traffic management, and intelligent trans-portation systems. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Effective beginning not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary may pro-vide grants to eligible entities under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding a 
grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that grant recipients represent di-verse geographical areas of the United States, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(C) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—In awarding a 
grant under the subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to grant recipients that demonstrate an ability to contribute a sig-nificant non-Federal share to the cost of car-rying out the project for which the grant is received. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE USES .—Projects for which 
grants awarded under this subsection may be used include— 
‘‘(A) the deployment of autonomous vehi-
cle communication technologies; 
‘‘(B) the deployment of vehicle-to-vehicle 
or vehicle-to-infrastructure communication technologies; 
‘‘(C) the establishment and implementa-
tion of ITS and ITS-enabled operations strat-egies that improve performance in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) traffic operations; ‘‘(ii) emergency response to surface trans-
portation incidents; 
‘‘(iii) incident management; ‘‘(iv) transit and commercial vehicle oper-
ations improvements; 
‘‘(v) weather event response management 
by State and local authorities; 
‘‘(vi) surface transportation network and 
facility management; 
‘‘(vii) construction and work zone manage-
ment; 
‘‘(viii) traffic flow information; ‘‘(ix) freight management; and ‘‘(x) congestion management; 
‘‘(D) carrying out activities that support 
the creation of networks that link metro-politan and rural surface transportation sys-tems into an integrated data network, capa-ble of collecting, sharing, and archiving transportation system traffic condition and performance information; 
‘‘(E) the implementation of intelligent 
transportation systems and technologies that improve highway safety through infor-mation and communications systems linking vehicles, infrastructure, mobile devices, transportation users, and emergency re-sponders; 
‘‘(F) the provision of services necessary to 
ensure the efficient operation and manage-ment of ITS infrastructure, including costs associated with communications, utilities, rent, hardware, software, labor, administra-tive costs, training, and technical services; 
‘‘(G) the provision of support for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of institutional relationships between transportation agen-cies, police, emergency medical services, pri-vate emergency operators, freight operators, shippers, public service utilities, and tele-communications providers; ‘‘(H) carrying out multimodal and cross-ju-
risdictional planning and deployment of re-gional transportation systems operations and management approaches; and 
‘‘(I) performing project evaluations to de-
termine the costs, benefits, lessons learned, and future deployment strategies associated with the deployment of intelligent transpor-tation systems. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—For each fis-
cal year that an eligible entity receives a grant under this subsection, not later than 1 year after receiving the grant, each recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes how the project has met the expec-tations projected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, including in-formation on— 
‘‘(A) how the program has helped reduce 
traffic crashes, congestion, costs, and other benefits of the deployed systems; 
‘‘(B) the effect of measuring and improving 
transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
‘‘(C) the effectiveness of providing real- 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public that allows the public to make in-formed travel decisions; and 
‘‘(D) lessons learned and recommendations 
for future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection and annu-ally thereafter for each fiscal year for which grants are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes the effectiveness of the grant recipients in meeting the projected de-ployment plan goals, including data on how the grant program has— 
‘‘(A) reduced traffic-related fatalities and 
injuries; 
‘‘(B) reduced traffic congestion and im-
proved travel-time reliability; 
‘‘(C) reduced transportation-related emis-
sions; 
‘‘(D) optimized multimodal system per-
formance; 
‘‘(E) improved access to transportation al-
ternatives; 
‘‘(F) provided the public with access to 
real-time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(G) provided cost savings to transpor-
tation agencies, businesses, and the trav-eling public; and 
‘‘(H) provided other benefits to transpor-
tation users and the general public. 
‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—If the Secretary 
determines, based on a report submitted under paragraph (5), that a grant recipient is not complying with the established grant criteria, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) cease payment to the recipient of any 
remaining grant amounts; and 
‘‘(B) redistribute any remaining amounts 
to other eligible entities under this section. 
‘‘(8) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal 
share of the cost of a project for which a grant is provided under this subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(9) F
UNDING .—Of the funds made available 
each fiscal year to carry out the intelligent transportation system program under sec-tions 512 through 518, not less than $30,000,000 shall be used to carry out this subsection.’’. 
(b) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
GOALS AND PURPOSES .—Section 514(a) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5237 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(5) improvement of the ability of the 
United States to respond to security-related or other manmade emergencies and natural disasters; and 
‘‘(6) enhancement of the freight system of 
the United States and support to freight pol-icy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of ITS applications in freight oper-ations.’’. 
(c) ITS A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORT .— 
Section 515(h)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘February 1 of each year after the date of enactment of the Transportation Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’. 
SEC. 12003. FUTURE INTERSTATE STUDY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) a well-developed system of transpor-
tation infrastructure is critical to the eco-nomic well-being, health, and welfare of the people of the United States; 
(2) the 47,000-mile national Interstate Sys-
tem is the backbone to that transportation infrastructure system; and 
(3) as of the date of enactment of this 
Act— 
(A) many segments of the approximately 
60- year-old Interstate System are well be-yond the 50-year design life of the System and yet these aging facilities are central to the transportation infrastructure system, carrying 25 percent of the vehicle traffic of the United States on just 1 percent of the total public roadway mileage; 
(B) the need for ongoing maintenance, 
preservation, and reconstruction of the Interstate System has grown due to increas-ing and changing travel demands; and 
(C) simple maintenance of the current con-
dition and configuration of the Interstate System is insufficient for the System to fully serve the transportation needs of the United States for the next 50 years. 
(b) F
UTURE INTERSTATE SYSTEM STUDY .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Acad-emies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and restore the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a pre-mier system network that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century and for the next 50 years (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘study’’). 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGIES .—In conducting the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall build on the methodologies examined and recommended in the report prepared for the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials entitled ‘‘Na-
tional Cooperative Highway Research Pro-gram Project 20–24(79): Specifications for a National Study of the Future 3R, 4R, and Ca-pacity Needs of the Interstate System’’ and dated December 2013. 
(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The study— 
(1) shall include specific recommendations 
regarding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and inter-governmental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (in-cluding regulations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate to achieve the goals; and 
(2) is encouraged to build on the robust in-
stitutional knowledge in the highway indus-try in applying the techniques involved in implementing the study. 
(e) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and improvement of the Interstate System by considering— (1) future demands on transportation infra-
structure determined for national planning purposes, including commercial and private traffic flows to serve future economic activ-ity and growth; 
(2) the expected condition of the current 
Interstate System over the next 50 years, in-cluding long-term deterioration and recon-struction needs; 
(3) those National Highway System routes 
that should be added to the existing Inter-state System to more efficiently serve na-tional traffic flows; 
(4) features that would take advantage of 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and operations, for purposes of safety, and sys-tem management, taking into further con-sideration system performance and cost; and 
(5) the resources necessary to maintain and 
improve the Interstate System, including the resources required to upgrade those Na-tional Highway System routes identified in paragraph (3) to Interstate standards. 
(f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board— 
(1) shall convene and consult with a panel 
of national experts including current and fu-ture owners, operators, and users of the Interstate System and private sector stake-holders; and 
(2) is encouraged to consult with— (A) the Federal Highway Administration; (B) States; (C) planning agencies at the metropolitan, 
State, and regional levels; 
(D) the motor carrier industry; (E) freight shippers; (F) highway safety groups; and (G) other appropriate entities. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Trans-portation Research Board shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section. 
(h) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Devel-opment Program, the Secretary shall use up to $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out 
this section. 
SEC. 12004. RESEARCHING SURFACE TRANSPOR-
TATION SYSTEM FUNDING ALTER-NATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mote the research of user-based alternative revenue mechanisms that preserve a user fee structure to maintain the long-term sol-vency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the re-
search described in subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) to study uncertainties relating to the 
design, acceptance, and implementation of 2 or more future user-based alternative rev-enue mechanisms; 
(2) to define the functionality of those 
user-based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(3) to conduct or promote research activi-
ties to demonstrate and test those user- based alternative revenue mechanisms, in-cluding by conducting field trials, by partnering with individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to con-duct the research activities; 
(4) to conduct outreach to increase public 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation programs and provide information on pos-sible approaches; 
(5) to provide recommendations regarding 
adoption and implementation of those user- based alternative revenue mechanisms; and 
(6) to minimize the administrative cost of 
any potential user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. (c) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall provide 
grants to individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to conduct re-search that addresses— 
(1) the implementation, interoperability, 
public acceptance, and other potential hur-dles to the adoption of a user-based alter-native revenue mechanism; 
(2) the protection of personal privacy; (3) the use of independent and private 
third-party vendors to collect fees and oper-ate the user-based alternative revenue mech-anism; 
(4) equity concerns, including the impacts 
of the user-based alternative revenue mecha-nism on differing income groups, various ge-ographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
(5) ease of compliance for different users of 
the transportation system; 
(6) the reliability and security of tech-
nology used to implement the user-based al-ternative revenue mechanism; 
(7) the flexibility and choices of user-based 
alternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
(8) the cost of administering the user-based 
alternative revenue mechanism; and 
(9) the ability of the administering entity 
to audit and enforce user compliance. 
(d) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish and lead a Sur-face Transportation Revenue Alternatives Advisory Council (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘‘Council’’) to inform the se-lection and evaluation of user-based alter-native revenue mechanisms. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The members of the 
Council shall— 
(i) be appointed by the Secretary; and (ii) include, at a minimum— (I) representatives with experience in user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms, of which— 
(aa) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment; 
(bb) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment of the Treasury; and 
(cc) not fewer than 2 shall be from State 
departments of transportation; 
(II) representatives from applicable users 
of the surface transportation system; and 
(III) appropriate technology and public pri-
vacy experts. 
(B) G
EOGRAPHIC CONSIDERATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall consider geographic diversity when selecting members under this para-graph. 
(3) F
UNCTIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the Council is established, the Council shall, at a minimum— 
(A) define the functionality of 2 or more 
user-based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(B) identify technological, administrative, 
institutional, privacy, and other issues that— 
(i) are associated with the user-based alter-
native revenue mechanisms; and 
(ii) may be researched through research ac-
tivities; 
(C) conduct public outreach to identify and 
assess questions and concerns about the user-based alternative revenue mechanisms for future evaluation through research ac-tivities; and 
(D) provide recommendations to the Sec-
retary on the process and criteria used for selecting research activities under sub-section (c). 
(4) E
VALUATIONS .—The Council shall con-
duct periodic evaluations of the research ac-tivities that have received assistance from the Secretary under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5238 July 21, 2015 
(5) A PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—The Council shall not be 
subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(e) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the research activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Com-mittee on Finance and the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a 
report describing the progress of the re-search activities. 
(f) F
INAL REPORT .—On the completion of 
the research activities under this section, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Treasury, acting jointly, shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the results of the research activities and any rec-ommendations. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Of the funds authorized to 
carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) $15,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in fiscal year 2016; and 
(2) $20,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
Subtitle B—Data 
SEC. 12101. TRIBAL DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 201(c)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) T
RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—In addition 
to the data to be collected under subpara-graph (A), not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, any entity carrying out a project under the tribal transportation program under section 202 shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of Interior, based on obligations and expenditures under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year, the following data: 
‘‘(i) The names of projects or activities 
carried out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the projects or activi-
ties identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The current status of the projects or 
activities identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) An estimate of the number of jobs 
created and the number of jobs retained by the projects or activities identified under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 12102. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA 
SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATASUP-
PORT .—The Administrator of the Federal 
Highway Administration shall develop, use, and maintain data sets and data analysis tools to assist metropolitan planning organi-zations, States, and the Federal Highway Ad-ministration in carrying out performance management analyses (including the per-formance management requirements under section 150 of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The data analysis activi-
ties authorized under subsection (a) may in-clude— 
(1) collecting and distributing vehicle 
probe data describing traffic on Federal-aid highways; 
(2) collecting household travel behavior 
data to assess local and cross-jurisdictional travel, including to accommodate external and through travel; 
(3) enhancing existing data collection and 
analysis tools to accommodate performance measures, targets, and related data, so as to 
better understand trip origin and destina-tion, trip time, and mode; 
(4) enhancing existing data analysis tools 
to improve performance predictions and travel models in reports described in section 150(e) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(5) developing tools— (A) to improve performance analysis; and (B) to evaluate the effects of project in-
vestments on performance. 
(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Devel-opment Program, the Administrator may use up to $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
Subtitle C—Transparency and Best Practices 
SEC. 12201. EVERY DAY COUNTS INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is in the national inter-
est for the Department, State departments of transportation, and all other recipients of Federal transportation funds— 
(1) to identify, accelerate, and deploy inno-
vation aimed at shortening project delivery, enhancing the safety of the roadways of the United States, and protecting the environ-ment; 
(2) to ensure that the planning, design, en-
gineering, construction, and financing of transportation projects is done in an effi-cient and effective manner; 
(3) to promote the rapid deployment of 
proven solutions that provide greater ac-countability for public investments and en-courage greater private sector involvement; and 
(4) to create a culture of innovation within 
the highway community. 
(b) E
VERY DAYCOUNTS INITIATIVE .—To ad-
vance the policy described in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall continue the Every Day Counts initiative to work with States, local transportation agencies, and in-dustry stakeholders to identify and deploy proven innovative practices and products that— 
(1) accelerate innovation deployment; (2) shorten the project delivery process; (3) improve environmental sustainability; (4) enhance roadway safety; and (5) reduce congestion. 
(c) I
NNOVATION DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least every 2 years, the 
Administrator shall work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify a new collec-tion of innovations, best practices, and data to be deployed to highway stakeholders through case studies, webinars, and dem-onstration projects. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In identifying a collec-
tion described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall take into account market readi-ness, impacts, benefits, and ease of adoption of the innovation or practice. 
(d) P
UBLICATION .—Each collection identi-
fied under subsection (c) shall be published by the Administrator on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 12202. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies with re-sponsibility for the review and approval of 
projects funded under title 23, United States Code, shall measure and report on— 
(1) the progress made toward aligning Fed-
eral reviews of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, and the improvement of project delivery associated with those projects; and 
(2) as applicable, the effectiveness of the 
Department in achieving the goals described in section 150(b) of title 23, United States Code, through discretionary programs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act and bienni-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the De-partment shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 12203. GRANT PROGRAM FOR ACHIEVEMENT 
IN TRANSPORTATION FOR PER-FORMANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ includes— 
(A) a State; (B) a unit of local government; (C) a tribal organization (as defined in sec-
tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); and 
(D) a metropolitan planning organization. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (D) any other territory (as defined in sec-
tion 165(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a competitive grant program to reward— 
(1) achievement in transportation perform-
ance management; and 
(2) the implementation of strategies that 
achieve innovation and efficiency in surface transportation. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section shall be to reward entities for the implementation of policies and proce-dures that— 
(1) support performance-based manage-
ment of the surface transportation system and improve transportation outcomes; or 
(2) use innovative technologies and prac-
tices that improve the efficiency and per-formance of the surface transportation sys-tem. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may 
submit to the Secretary an application for a grant under this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application under para-
graph (1) shall indicate the means by which the eligible entity has met the requirements and purpose of the program under this sec-tion, including by— 
(A) establishing, and making progress to-
ward achieving, performance targets that ex-ceed the requirements of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) using innovative techniques and prac-
tices that enhance the effective movement of people, goods, and services, such as tech-nologies that reduce construction time, im-prove operational efficiencies, and extend the service life of highways and bridges; and 
(C) employing transportation planning 
tools and procedures that improve trans-parency and the development of transpor-tation investment strategies within the ju-risdiction of the eligible entity. 
(e) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—In awarding a 
grant under this section, the Secretary shall take into consideration the extent to which the application of the applicable eligible en-tity under subsection (d)— 
(1) demonstrates performance in meeting 
the requirements of subsection (c); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5239 July 21, 2015 
(2) promotes the national goals described 
in section 150(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Amounts made 
available to carry out this section shall be used for projects eligible for funding under— 
(1) title 23, United States Code; or (2) chapter 53 of title 49, United States 
Code. 
(g) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant 
under this section shall be not more than $15,000,000. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available until ex-pended. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall withhold a reasonable amount of funds made available under paragraph (1) for ad-ministration of the program under this sec-tion, not to exceed 3 percent of the amount appropriated for each applicable fiscal year. 
(i) A
PPLICABILITY OF REQUIREMENTS .— 
Amounts made available under this section shall be administered as if the funds were ap-portioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 12204. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANS-
PARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANSPARENCY  
ANDACCOUNTABILITY REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) P UBLICLY AVAILABLE REPORT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the DRIVE Act and quarterly there-after, the Secretary shall compile data in ac-cordance with this subsection on the use of Federal-aid highway program funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the reports required under this subsection are made available in a user- friendly manner on the public website of the Department of Transportation and can be searched and downloaded by users of the website. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) A PPORTIONED AND ALLOCATED PRO -
GRAMS .—For each fiscal year, the report 
shall include comprehensive data for each program, organized by State, that includes— 
‘‘(i) the total amount of funds available for 
obligation, identifying the unobligated bal-ance of funds available at the end of the pre-ceding fiscal year and new funding available for the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funding obligated 
during the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the remaining amount of funds avail-
able for obligation; 
‘‘(iv) changes in the obligated, unexpended 
balance during the current fiscal year, in-cluding the obligated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and cur-rent fiscal year expenditures; and 
‘‘(v) the percentage of the total amount of 
obligations for the current fiscal year used for construction and the total amount obli-gated during the current fiscal year for reha-bilitation. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECT DATA .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the report shall include project-specific data, including data describ-ing— 
‘‘(i) the specific location of a project; ‘‘(ii) whether the project is located in an 
area of the State with a population of— 
‘‘(I) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(II) 5,000 or more individuals but less than 
50,000 individuals; or 
‘‘(III) 50,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(iii) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(iv) the amount of Federal funding being 
used on the project; 
‘‘(v) the 1 or more programs from which 
Federal funds are obligated on the project; 
‘‘(vi) the type of improvement being made, 
such as categorizing the project as— 
‘‘(I) a road reconstruction project; ‘‘(II) a new road construction project; ‘‘(III) a new bridge construction project; ‘‘(IV) a bridge rehabilitation project; or ‘‘(V) a bridge replacement project; and ‘‘(vii) the ownership of the highway or 
bridge. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN PROGRAMS .—The 
report shall include a description of the amount of funds transferred between pro-grams by each State under section 126.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1503 
of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 12205. REPORT ON HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 150 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing the administrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration funded from the Highway Trust Fund during the 3 most re-cent fiscal years. 
(b) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date on which the report is submitted under subsection (a) and every 5 years there-after, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report that updates the infor-mation provided in the report under that subsection for the preceding 5-year period. 
(c) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) or (b) shall include a de-scription of the— 
(1) types of administrative expenses of pro-
grams and offices funded by the Highway Trust Fund; 
(2) tracking and monitoring of administra-
tive expenses; 
(3) controls in place to ensure that funding 
for administrative expenses is used as effi-ciently as practicable; and 
(4) flexibility of the Department to reallo-
cate amounts from the Highway Trust Fund between full-time equivalent employees and other functions. 
SEC. 12206. AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
available to the public on the website of the Department any report required to be sub-mitted by the Secretary to Congress after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Each report described in 
subsection (a) shall be made available on the website not later than 30 days after the re-port is submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 12207. PERFORMANCE PERIOD ADJUST-
MENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(7), by striking ‘‘for 2 
consecutive reports submitted under this paragraph shall include in the next report submitted’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include as part of the performance target report under section 150(e)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘If, 
during 2 consecutive reporting periods, the condition of the Interstate System, exclud-ing bridges on the Interstate System, in a State falls’’ and inserting ‘‘If a State reports that the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, has fallen’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 148(i) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘performance targets of the State established under section 150(d) by the 
date that is 2 years after the date of the es-tablishment of the performance targets’’ and inserting ‘‘safety performance targets of the State established under section 150(d)’’; and 
(2) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by inserting 
‘‘safety’’ before ‘‘performance targets’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 12208. DESIGN STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ and inserting ‘‘shall consider’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-
cess for’’ and inserting ‘‘access and safety for’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the publication entitled ‘Highway 
Safety Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Offi-cials; 
‘‘(E) the publication entitled ‘Urban Street 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘pedes-
trian walkways,’’ after ‘‘bikeways,’’. 
(b) D
ESIGN STANDARD FLEXIBILITY .—Not-
withstanding section 109(o) of title 23, United States Code, a local jurisdiction may use a roadway design guide that is different from the roadway design guide used by the State in which the local jurisdiction is located for the design of projects on all roadways under the ownership of the local jurisdiction (other than a highway on the Interstate System) if— 
(1) the local jurisdiction is the project 
sponsor; 
(2) the roadway design guide— (A) is recognized by the Federal Highway 
Administration; and 
(B) is adopted by the local jurisdiction; and (3) the design complies with all other ap-
plicable Federal laws. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 13001. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 601(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this chapter, the’’ and 
inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘to sections 601 through 
609’’ after ‘‘apply’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) capitalizing a rural projects fund 
using the proceeds of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastruc-ture projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(4) in paragraph (10)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘related’’ before 
‘‘projects’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5240 July 21, 2015 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(which shall receive an in-
vestment grade rating from a rating agen-cy)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
ject to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter;’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to— 
‘‘(i) the availability of future funds being 
made available to carry out the TIFIA pro-gram; and 
‘‘(ii) the satisfaction of all of the condi-
tions for the provision of credit assistance under the TIFIA program, including section 603(b)(1);’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) receiving an investment grade rating 
from a rating agency;’’; 
(iii) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 602(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘in-cluding sections 602(c) and 603(b)(1)’’; and 
(iv) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(5) in paragraph (12)— (A) in subparagraph (D)(iv), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) a project to improve or construct pub-
lic infrastructure that is located within walking distance of, and accessible to, a fixed guideway transit facility, passenger rail station, intercity bus station, or inter-modal facility, including a transportation, public utility, and capital project described in section 5302(3)(G)(v) of title 49, and related infrastructure; 
‘‘(F) a project for the acquisition of plant 
and wildlife habitat pursuant to a conserva-tion plan that— 
‘‘(i) has been approved by the Secretary of 
the Interior pursuant to section 10 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1539); and 
‘‘(ii) as determined by the Secretary of the 
Interior, would mitigate the environmental impacts of transportation infrastructure projects otherwise eligible for assistance under the TIFIA program; and 
‘‘(G) the capitalization of a rural projects 
fund by a State infrastructure bank with the proceeds of a secured loan made in accord-ance with sections 602 and 603, for the pur-pose of making loans to sponsors of rural in-frastructure projects in accordance with sec-tion 610.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘means’’ 
and all that follows through the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘means a surface transportation infrastructure project located in an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census.’’; 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (16), (17), 
(18), (19), and (20) as paragraphs (17), (18), (20), (21), and (22), respectively; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(16) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term 
‘rural projects fund’ means a fund— 
‘‘(A) established by a State infrastructure 
bank in accordance with section 610(d)(4); 
‘‘(B) capitalized with the proceeds of a se-
cured loan made to the bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of making loans to 
sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(19) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK .—The 
term ‘State infrastructure bank’ means an infrastructure bank established under sec-tion 610.’’; and (10) in paragraph (22) (as redesignated), by 
inserting ‘‘established under sections 602 through 609’’ after ‘‘Department’’. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  
PROJECT SELECTION .—Section 602 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COST PARAMETERS .—’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (B), to be eligible for assistance under this chapter, a project’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C), a project under the TIFIA program’’; 
(II) by striking clause (i) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) $50,000,000; and’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘assist-
ance’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking the subparagraph designa-
tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS -
TEMS .—In the case’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) T
RANSIT -ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described 
in section 601(a)(12)(E), eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) R
URAL PROJECTS .—In the case of a 
rural infrastructure project or a project cap-italizing a rural projects fund, eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000, but not to ex-ceed $100,000,000. 
‘‘(iv) L
OCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .— 
Eligible project costs shall be reasonably an-ticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of projects or programs of projects— 
‘‘(I) in which the applicant is a local gov-
ernment, public authority, or instrumen-tality of local government; 
‘‘(II) located on a facility owned by a local 
government; or 
‘‘(III) for which the Secretary determines 
that a local government is substantially in-volved in the development of the project.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘To be eligible’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), to be eligible’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and in-
serting ‘‘no later than’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the State infrastructure bank shall dem-onstrate, not later than 2 years after the date on which a secured loan is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program, that the bank has executed a loan agreement with a borrower for a rural infrastructure project in accordance with section 610. After the demonstration is made, the bank may draw upon the secured loan. At the end of the 2- year period, to the extent the bank has not 
used the loan commitment, the Secretary may extend the term of the loan or withdraw the loan commitment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRAM OF RELATED PROJECTS .—The 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agreement for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms acceptable to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE FUNDING NOT AVAILABLE .—If 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eli-gible projects for a fiscal year and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit in-strument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a cred-it instrument until the fiscal year for which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(c) S
ECURED LOAN TERMS AND LIMITA -
TIONS .—Section 603(b) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The amount of’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the amount of’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the maximum amount of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank shall be determined in accordance with section 602(a)(5)(B)(iii).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(V) in the case of a secured loan for a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, 
any other dedicated revenue sources avail-able to a State infrastructure bank, includ-ing repayments from loans made by the bank for rural infrastructure projects; and’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘under this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘or a rural projects fund under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and rural 
project funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(4) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘The final’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the final’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the final maturity date of the secured loan shall not exceed 35 years after the date on which the secured loan is obligated.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘The total Federal assist-
ance provided on a project receiving a loan under this chapter’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total Federal assist-
ance provided for a project receiving a loan under the TIFIA program’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5241 July 21, 2015 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) R URAL PROJECTS FUND .—A project cap-
italizing a rural projects fund shall satisfy clause (i) through compliance with the Fed-eral share requirement described in section 610(e)(3)(B).’’. 
(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Section 605 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) A
SSISTANCE TO SMALL PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
made available to carry out the TIFIA pro-gram for each fiscal year, and after the set- aside under section 608(a)(6), not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for the Sec-retary to use in lieu of fees collected under subsection (b) for projects under the TIFIA program having eligible project costs that are reasonably anticipated not to equal or exceed $75,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—Any funds not 
used under paragraph (1) shall be made avail-able on October 1 of the following fiscal year to provide credit assistance to any project under the TIFIA program.’’. 
(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL PERMITS .—Section 606 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 607 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Section 608 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘of’’ after 
‘‘504(f)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastruc-ture projects’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastruc-ture projects’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘0.50 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.75 percent’’. 
(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 609 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter (other than section 610)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(i) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK PRO-
GRAM .—Section 610 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(11) R URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .— 
The term ‘rural infrastructure project’ has the meaning given the term in section 601. 
‘‘(12) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term 
‘rural projects fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 601.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year under each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (5) of section 104(b); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), re-spectively; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—Subject to 
subsection (j), the Secretary may permit a State entering into a cooperative agreement 
under this section to establish a State infra-structure bank to deposit into the rural projects fund of the bank the proceeds of a secured loan made to the bank in accordance with section 602 and 603.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(1)(A)(i)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) F
ORMS OF ASSISTANCE FROM STATE IN-
FRASTRUCTURE BANKS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State infrastructure 
bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private en-tity to carry out a project eligible for assist-ance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or pri-vate entity to carry out a rural infrastruc-ture project. 
‘‘(2) S
UBORDINATION OF LOAN .—The amount 
of a loan or other form of credit assistance provided for a project described in paragraph (1) may be subordinated to any other debt fi-nancing for the project. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—A 
State infrastructure bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private entity in an amount up to 100 percent of the cost of car-rying out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or pri-vate entity in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of carrying out a rural in-frastructure project. 
‘‘(4) I
NITIAL ASSISTANCE .—Initial assistance 
provided with respect to a project from Fed-eral funds deposited into a State infrastruc-ture bank under this section may not be made in the form of a grant.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each ac-
count’’ and inserting ‘‘the highway account, the transit account, and the rail account’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any loan funded from the rural projects fund of the bank shall bear interest at or below the interest rate charged for the TIFIA loan provided to the bank under sec-tion 603’’ after ‘‘feasible’’; and 
(5) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘For each 
of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and insert-ing ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 14001. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 101(a)(29) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘disabilities’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (F)(i), by striking 
‘‘133(b)(11)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(b)(14)’’. 
(b) Section 119(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘mobil-ity,’’ and inserting ‘‘congestion reduction, system reliability,’’. 
(c) Section 126(b) of title 23, United States 
Code (as amended by section 11014(b)), is amended by striking ‘‘133(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(d)(1)(A)’’. 
(d) Section 127(a)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(e) Section 150(c)(3)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. (f) Section 153(h)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1), (2), and (4)’’. 
(g) Section 163(f)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(h) Section 165(c)(7) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2), (4), (7), (8), (14), and (19)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (4), (6), (7), and (14)’’. 
(i) Section 202(b)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), in the matter 
preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘(a)(6),’’ after ‘‘subsections’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IV), by striking 
‘‘(III).]’’ and inserting ‘‘(III).’’. 
(j) Section 217(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(4)’’. 
(k) Section 327(a)(2)(B)(iii) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’. 
(l) Section 504(a)(4) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
(m) Section 515 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 512 through 518’’. 
(n) Section 518(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a report’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
(o) Section 6302(b)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6310’’ and inserting ‘‘6309’’. 
(p) Section 1301( l)(3) of SAFETEA–LU (23 
U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘complied’’ and inserting ‘‘compiled’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. 
(q) Section 4407 of SAFETEA–LU (Public 
Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1777), is amended by striking ‘‘hereby enacted into law’’ and in-serting ‘‘granted’’. 
(r) Section 51001(a)(1) of the Transportation 
Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 864) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 503(b), 503(d), and 509’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 503(b)’’. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 15001. APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1528 of MAP–21 (40 U.S.C. 14501 
note; Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2021’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2050’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘shall be 100 percent’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall be up to 100 percent, as determined by the State’’. 
SEC. 15002. APPALACHIAN REGIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) H IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEVELOPMENT  
INITIATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
145 of subtitle IV of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Re-
gional Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into con-tracts, or otherwise provide amounts to indi-viduals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities— 
‘‘(1) to increase affordable access to 
broadband networks throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(2) to conduct research, analysis, and 
training to increase broadband adoption ef-forts in the Appalachian region; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:38 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5242 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) to provide technology assets, including 
computers, smartboards, and video projec-tors to educational systems throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(4) to increase distance learning opportu-
nities throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(5) to increase the use of telehealth tech-
nologies in the Appalachian region; and 
‘‘(6) to promote e-commerce applications 
in the Appalachian region. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .— 
Of the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— 
‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be pro-
vided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried 
out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried 
out in a county for which an at-risk designa-tion is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to 
subsection (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in com-bination with amounts made available— 
‘‘(1) under any other Federal program; or ‘‘(2) from any other source. ‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding 
any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14508 the following: 
‘‘14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 14703 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2021’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT  
INITIATIVE .—Of the amounts made available 
under subsection (a), $10,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 14509 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14704 of title 40, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section take ef-fect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 15003. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE 
AND INNOVATION. 
Section 3907(a) of title 33, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively. 
SEC. 15004. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS TO EN-
COURAGE POLLINATOR HABITAT AND FORAGE ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing the enhancement of habitat and forage for pollinators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TAT AND FORAGE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTEC -
TION ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—In 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appropriate— 
‘‘(1) encourage integrated vegetation man-
agement practices on roadsides and other transportation rights-of-way, including re-duced mowing; and 
‘‘(2) encourage the development of habitat 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other na-tive pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, includ-ing noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF HABITAT , FORAGE , ANDMI-
GRATORY WAYSTATIONS FOR MONARCH BUT-
TERFLIES , OTHER NATIVE POLLINATORS , AND 
HONEY BEES.—Section 329(a)(1) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
SEC. 15005. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF 
BRIDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), 
the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall commission the Transportation Research Board of the Na-tional Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the performance of bridges that re-ceived funding under the innovative bridge research and construction program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109– 59; 119 Stat. 1144)) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
(1) the development of new, cost-effective 
innovative material highway bridge applica-tions; 
(2) the reduction of maintenance costs and 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or reha-bilitation of deficient bridges; 
(3) the development of construction tech-
niques to increase safety and reduce con-struction time and traffic congestion; 
(4) the development of engineering design 
criteria for innovative products and mate-rials for use in highway bridges and struc-tures; 
(5) the development of cost-effective and 
innovative techniques to separate vehicle and pedestrian traffic from railroad traffic; 
(6) the development of highway bridges and 
structures that will withstand natural disas-ters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
(7) the development of new nondestructive 
bridge evaluation technologies and tech-niques. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study commissioned 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of the performance of 
bridges that received funding under the pro-gram in meeting the goals described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a); 
(2) an analysis of the utility, compared to 
conventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and tech-nologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transpor-tation system; 
(3) recommendations to Congress on how 
the installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innova-tive materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maxi-
mize the cost reductions; and 
(4) a summary of any additional research 
that may be needed to further evaluate inno-vative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Before commis-
sioning the study under subsection (a), the Administrator shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. 
(d) D
ATA FROM STATES .—Each State that 
received funds under the program shall pro-vide to the Transportation Research Board any relevant data needed to carry out the study commissioned under subsection (a). 
(e) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator shall 
submit to Congress the study commissioned under subsection (a) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15006. SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND REC-
REATIONAL BOATING SAFETY. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c), as amended by section 73103, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
DIVISION B—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
TITLE XXI—FEDERAL PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
SEC. 21001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 21002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘bicycle 
storage facilities and installing equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘bicycle storage shelters and parking facilities and the installation of equipment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking subparagraph (F) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(F) leasing equipment or a facility for use 
in public transportation;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) in clause (iv), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(iii) by striking clause (vi); (C) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(D) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) associated transit improvements; or ‘‘(N) technological changes or innovations 
to modify low or no emission vehicles (as de-fined in section 5339(c)) or facilities.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(24) V
ALUE CAPTURE .—The term ‘value 
capture’ means recovering the increased value to property located near public trans-portation resulting from investments in pub-lic transportation.’’. 
SEC. 21003. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 5303 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ after ‘‘development of’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.045 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5243 July 21, 2015 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting 
‘‘natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘en-vironmental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting 
‘‘, provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, and reduce vulner-ability due to natural disasters of the exist-ing transportation infrastructure’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting be-
fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing conges-tion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and in-vestments that preserve and enhance inter-city bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)(C)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
(9) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-lation of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redsignating subsections (o), (p), 
and (q) as subsections (n), (o), and (p), respec-tively; 
(13) in subsection (o), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘apportioned under 
paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b) of title 23’’; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Re-gion’ has the meaning given the term ‘re-gion’ in subsection (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For purposes of this 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area 
under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised 
of— 
‘‘(i) a population of 145,000 and 25 square 
miles of land area in the State of California; and 
‘‘(ii) a population of 65,000 and 12 square 
miles of land area in the State of Nevada.’’. 
SEC. 21004. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5304 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘ur-
banized areas with a population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated ac-cording to the most recent decennial census, 
and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘title 23’’ and inserting 
‘‘this chapter’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘urbanized areas with a 
population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated according to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘’In’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter van-pool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pol-lution, and energy consumption in a cost-ef-fective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators)’’ after ‘‘private providers of trans-portation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (i); and (7) by redesignating subsections (j), (k), 
and (l) as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respec-tively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5303(b)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 5304(l)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5304(k)’’. 
SEC. 21005. URBANIZED AREA FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or gen-
eral public demand response service’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place that term appears; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO SPECIAL RULE .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (2), if a public transpor-tation system described in that paragraph executes a written agreement with 1 or more other public transportation systems within the urbanized area to allocate funds for the purposes described in that paragraph by a method other than by measuring vehicle rev-enue hours, each public transportation sys-tem that is a party to the written agreement may follow the terms of the written agree-ment without regard to measured vehicle revenue hours referred to in that paragraph. 
‘‘(4) T
EMPORARY AND TARGETED ASSIST -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may 
make a grant under this section to finance the operating cost of equipment and facili-ties to a recipient for use in public transpor-tation in an area that the Secretary deter-mines has— 
‘‘(i) a population of not fewer than 200,000 
individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
‘‘(ii) a 3-month unemployment rate, as re-
ported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, that is— 
‘‘(I) greater than 7 percent; and ‘‘(II) at least 2 percentage points greater 
than the lowest 3-month unemployment rate for the area during the 5-year period pre-ceding the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) A
WARD OF GRANT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subparagraph, the Secretary may make a grant under this paragraph for not more than 2 consecutive fiscal years. 
‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL YEAR .—If, at the end of 
the second fiscal year following the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to an area, the Secretary determines that the 3- month unemployment rate for the area is at least 2 percentage points greater than the unemployment rate for the area at the time the Secretary made the determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may make a grant to a recipient in the area for 1 addi-tional consecutive fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION PERIOD .—Beginning on the 
last day of the last consecutive fiscal year for which a recipient receives a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary may not make a subsequent grant under this paragraph to the recipient for a number of fiscal years equal to the number of consecutive fiscal years in which the recipient received a grant under this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(i) F IRST FISCAL YEAR .—For the first fis-
cal year following the date on which the Sec-retary makes a determination under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to an area, not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5244 July 21, 2015 
more than 25 percent of the amount appor-
tioned to a designated recipient under sec-tion 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECOND AND THIRD FISCAL YEARS .—For 
the second and third fiscal years following the date on which the Secretary makes a de-termination under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to an area, not more than 20 percent of the amount apportioned to a designated re-cipient under section 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(D) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY FOR OPER -
ATING ASSISTANCE .—Operating assistance 
awarded under this paragraph shall be avail-able for expenditure to a recipient in an area until the end of the second fiscal year fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to the area, after which time any unexpended funds shall be available to the recipient for other eligible activities under this section. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary may 
make a grant for operating assistance under this paragraph for a fiscal year only if the recipient certifies that— 
‘‘(i) the recipient will maintain public 
transportation service levels at or above the current service level, which shall be dem-onstrated by providing an equal or greater number of vehicle hours of service in the fis-cal year than the number of vehicle hours of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) any non-Federal entity that provides 
funding to the recipient, including a State or local governmental entity, will maintain the tax rate or rate of allocations dedicated to public transportation at or above the rate for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the recipient has allocated the max-
imum amount of funding under this section for preventive maintenance costs eligible as a capital expense necessary to maintain the level and quality of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iv) the recipient will not use funding 
under this section for new capital assets ex-cept as necessary for the existing system to maintain or achieve a state of good repair, assure safety, or replace obsolete tech-nology.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in a 
state of good repair’’ after ‘‘equipment and facilities’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (J), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (K); and (D) by redesignating subparagraph (L) as 
subparagraph (K). 
SEC. 21006. FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL INVEST-
MENT GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5309 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and 
weekend days’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, 
small start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guide-way capital projects’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) 2 or more projects that are any com-
bination of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core ca-pacity improvement projects.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$250,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘, poli-
cies and land use patterns that promote pub-lic transportation,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A)— 
(i) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) by striking clause (iv); and (iii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause 
(iv); 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, 
the policies and land use patterns that sup-port public transportation,’’; 
(4) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d), (e), or (h)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) the program of interrelated projects, 
when evaluated as a whole— 
‘‘(i) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2), subsection (e)(2), or paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (h), as applicable, if the pro-gram is comprised entirely of— 
‘‘(I) new fixed guideway capital projects; ‘‘(II) core capacity improvement projects; 
or 
‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2) if the program is comprised of any combination of new fixed guideway projects, small start projects, and core capacity im-provement projects;’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or 
(h)(5), as applicable’’ after ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—A project re-
ceiving a grant under this section that is part of a program of interrelated projects may not advance— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a small start project, 
from the project development phase to the construction phase unless the Secretary de-termines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable like-lihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway 
capital project or a core capacity improve-ment project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the pro-gram will continue to meet such require-ments.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(p) J
OINT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION AND  
INTERCITY PASSENGER RAILPROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants for new fixed guideway capital projects and core capacity improvement projects that provide both public transpor-tation and intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COSTS .—Eligible costs for a 
project under this subsection shall be lim-ited to the net capital costs of the public transportation costs attributable to the project based on projected use of the new segment or expanded capacity of the project corridor, not including project elements de-signed to achieve or maintain a state of good repair, as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT JUSTIFICATION AND LOCAL FI -
NANCIAL COMMITMENT .—A project under this 
subsection shall be evaluated for project jus-tification and local financial commitment under subsections (d), (e), (f), and (h), as ap-plicable to the project, based on— ‘‘(A) the net capital costs of the public 
transportation costs attributable to the project as determined under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) the share of funds dedicated to the 
project from sources other than this section included in the unified finance plan for the project. 
‘‘(4) C
ALCULATION OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The Secretary shall estimate the net 
capital costs of a project under this sub-section based on— 
‘‘(A) engineering studies; ‘‘(B) studies of economic feasibility; ‘‘(C) the expected use of equipment or fa-
cilities; and 
‘‘(D) the public transportation costs attrib-
utable to the project. 
‘‘(5) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
‘‘(A) G OVERNMENT SHARE .—The Govern-
ment share shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection as determined under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The re-
mainder of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection shall be pro-vided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital.’’. 
(b) E
XPEDITED PROJECT DELIVERY FOR CAP-
ITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions shall apply: 
(A) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ 
means a State or local governmental author-ity that applies for a grant under this sub-section. 
(B) C
APITAL PROJECT ; FIXED GUIDEWAY ; 
LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ; PUBLIC  
TRANSPORTATION ; STATE ; STATE OF GOOD RE -
PAIR.—The terms ‘‘capital project’’, ‘‘fixed 
guideway’’, ‘‘local governmental authority’’, ‘‘public transportation’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘state of good repair’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code. 
(C) C
ORE CAPACITY IMPROVEMENT PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘core capacity improvement project’’— 
(i) means a substantial corridor-based cap-
ital investment in an existing fixed guide-way system that increases the capacity of a corridor by not less than 10 percent; and 
(ii) may include project elements designed 
to aid the existing fixed guideway system in making substantial progress towards achiev-ing a state of good repair. 
(D) C
ORRIDOR -BASED BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘corridor-based bus 
rapid transit project’’ means a small start project utilizing buses in which the project represents a substantial investment in a de-fined corridor as demonstrated by features that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation sys-tems— 
(i) including— (I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public trans-
portation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services 
for a substantial part of weekdays; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may 
determine support a long-term corridor in-vestment; and 
(ii) the majority of which does not operate 
in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak peri-ods. 
(E) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a small start project, or a core ca-pacity improvement project that has not en-tered into a full funding grant agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5245 July 21, 2015 
with the Federal Transit Administration be-
fore the date of enactment of this Act. 
(F) F IXED GUIDEWAY BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘fixed guideway bus 
rapid transit project’’ means a bus capital project— 
(i) in which the majority of the project op-
erates in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak pe-riods; 
(ii) that represents a substantial invest-
ment in a single route in a defined corridor or subarea; and 
(iii) that includes features that emulate 
the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public trans-
portation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services 
for a substantial part of weekdays and week-
end days; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may 
determine are necessary to produce high- quality public transportation services that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems. 
(G) N
EW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘new fixed guideway 
capital project’’ means— 
(i) a fixed guideway project that is a min-
imum operable segment or extension to an existing fixed guideway system; or 
(ii) a fixed guideway bus rapid transit 
project that is a minimum operable segment or an extension to an existing bus rapid tran-sit system. 
(H) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘‘recipient’’ 
means a recipient of funding under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(I) S
MALL START PROJECT .—The term 
‘‘small start project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project, or a corridor-based bus rapid transit project for which— 
(i) the Federal assistance provided or to be 
provided under this subsection is less than $75,000,000; and 
(ii) the total estimated net capital cost is 
less than $300,000,000. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to States and local governmental authorities to assist in financing— 
(A) new fixed guideway capital projects or 
small start projects, including the acquisi-tion of real property, the initial acquisition of rolling stock for the system, the acquisi-tion of rights-of-way, and relocation, for projects in the advanced stages of planning and design; and 
(B) core capacity improvement projects, 
including the acquisition of real property, the acquisition of rights-of-way, double tracking, signalization improvements, elec-trification, expanding system platforms, ac-quisition of rolling stock associated with corridor improvements increasing capacity, construction of infill stations, and such other capacity improvement projects as the Secretary determines are appropriate to in-crease the capacity of an existing fixed guideway system corridor by not less than 10 percent. Core capacity improvement projects do not include elements to improve general station facilities or parking, or acquisition of rolling stock alone. 
(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
not more than 10 grants under this sub-section for an eligible project if the Sec-retary determines that— 
(i) the eligible project is part of an ap-
proved transportation plan required under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; 
(ii) the applicant has, or will have— (I) the legal, financial, and technical ca-
pacity to carry out the eligible project, in-cluding the safety and security aspects of the eligible project; 
(II) satisfactory continuing control over 
the use of the equipment or facilities; 
(III) the technical and financial capacity 
to maintain new and existing equipment and facilities; and 
(IV) advisors providing guidance to the ap-
plicant on the terms and structure of the project that are independent from investors in the project; 
(iii) the eligible project is supported, or 
will be supported, in part, through a public- private partnership, provided such support is 
determined by local policies, criteria, and decisionmaking under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(iv) the eligible project is justified based 
on findings presented by the project sponsor to the Secretary, including— 
(I) mobility improvements attributable to 
the project; 
(II) environmental benefits associated with 
the project; 
(III) congestion relief associated with the 
project; 
(IV) economic development effects derived 
as a result of the project; and 
(V) estimated ridership projections; and (v) the eligible project is supported by an 
acceptable degree of local financial commit-ment (including evidence of stable and de-pendable financing sources). 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—An applicant that has 
submitted the certifications required under subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (H) of section 5307(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be deemed to have provided sufficient information upon which the Secretary may make the determinations required under this paragraph. 
(C) T
ECHNICAL CAPACITY .—The Secretary 
shall use an expedited technical capacity re-view process for applicants that have re-cently and successfully completed not less than 1 new fixed guideway capital project, small start project, or core capacity im-provement project, if— 
(i) the applicant achieved budget, cost, and 
ridership outcomes for the project that are consistent with or better than projections; and 
(ii) the applicant demonstrates that the 
applicant continues to have the staff exper-tise and other resources necessary to imple-ment a new project. 
(D) F
INANCIAL COMMITMENT .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENTS .—In determining wheth-
er an eligible project is supported by an ac-ceptable degree of local financial commit-ment and shows evidence of stable and de-pendable financing sources for purposes of subparagraph (A)(v), the Secretary shall re-quire that— 
(I) each proposed source of capital and op-
erating financing is stable, reliable, and available within the proposed eligible project timetable; and 
(II) resources are available to recapitalize, 
maintain, and operate the overall existing and proposed public transportation system, including essential feeder bus and other serv-ices necessary, without degradation to the existing level of public transportation serv-ices. 
(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In assessing the sta-
bility, reliability, and availability of pro-posed sources of financing under clause (i), the Secretary shall consider— 
(I) the reliability of the forecasting meth-
ods used to estimate costs and revenues made by the applicant and the contractors to the applicant; 
(II) existing grant commitments; (III) the degree to which financing sources 
are dedicated to the proposed eligible project; 
(IV) any debt obligation that exists or is 
proposed by the applicant, for the proposed eligible project or other public transpor-tation purpose; and 
(V) private contributions to the eligible 
project, including cost-effective project de-livery, management or transfer of project risks, expedited project schedule, financial partnering, and other public-private partner-ship strategies. 
(E) L
ABOR STANDARDS .—The requirements 
under section 5333 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to each recipient of a grant under this subsection. 
(4) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—An applicant 
that desires a grant under this subsection and meets the requirements of paragraph (3) shall submit to the Secretary, and the Sec-retary shall approve for advancement, a grant request that contains— 
(A) identification of an eligible project; (B) a schedule and finance plan for the con-
struction and operation of the eligible project; 
(C) an analysis of the efficiencies of the 
proposed eligible project development and delivery methods and innovative financing arrangement for the eligible project, includ-ing any documents related to the— 
(i) public-private partnership required 
under paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
(ii) project justification required under 
paragraph (3)(A)(iv); and 
(D) a certification that the existing public 
transportation system of the applicant or, in the event that the applicant does not operate a public transportation system, the public transportation system to which the proposed project will be attached, is in a state of good repair. 
(5) W
RITTEN NOTICE FROM THE SECRETARY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a grant request of an applicant under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall provide written notice to the applicant— 
(i) of approval of the grant request; or (ii) if the grant request does not meet the 
requirements under paragraph (4), of dis-approval of the grant request, including a de-tailed explanation of the reasons for the dis-approval. 
(B) C
ONCURRENT NOTICE .—The Secretary 
shall provide concurrent notice of an ap-proval or disapproval of a grant request under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(6) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may grant a 
waiver to an applicant that does not comply with paragraph (4)(D) if— 
(A) the eligible project meets the defini-
tion of a core capacity improvement project; and 
(B) the Secretary certifies that the eligible 
project will allow the applicant to make sub-stantial progress in achieving a state of good repair. 
(7) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
may enter into a full funding grant agree-ment with an applicant under this sub-section for an eligible project for which an application has been submitted and approved for advancement by the Secretary under paragraph (4), only if the applicant has com-pleted the planning and activities required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(8) L
ETTERS OF INTENT AND FULL FUNDING  
GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(A) L ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
(i) A MOUNTS INTENDED TO BE OBLIGATED .— 
The Secretary may issue a letter of intent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5246 July 21, 2015 
an applicant announcing an intention to ob-
ligate, for an eligible project under this sub-section, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the fi-nancial participation of the Secretary in the eligible project. When a letter is issued for an eligible project under this subsection, the amount shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(ii) T
REATMENT .—The issuance of a letter 
under clause (i) is deemed not to be an obli-gation under section 1108(c), 1501, or 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, or an admin-istrative commitment. 
(B) F
ULL FUNDING GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (v), an eligible project shall be carried out under this subsection through a full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall enter 
into a full funding grant agreement, based the requirements of this subparagraph, with each applicant receiving assistance for an el-igible project that has received a written no-tice of approval under paragraph (5)(A)(i). 
(iii) T
ERMS .—A full funding grant agree-
ment shall— 
(I) establish the terms of participation by 
the Federal Government in the eligible project; 
(II) establish the maximum amount of Fed-
eral financial assistance for the eligible project; 
(III) include the period of time for com-
pleting construction of the eligible project, consistent with the terms of the public-pri-vate partnership agreement, even if that pe-riod extends beyond the period of an author-ization; and 
(IV) make timely and efficient manage-
ment of the eligible project easier according to the law of the United States. 
(iv) S
PECIAL FINANCIAL RULES .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—A full funding grant 
agreement under this subparagraph obligates an amount of available budget authority specified in law and may include a commit-ment, contingent on amounts to be specified in law in advance for commitments under this subparagraph, to obligate an additional amount from future available budget author-ity specified in law. 
(II) S
TATEMENT OF CONTINGENT COMMIT -
MENT .—A full funding grant agreement shall 
state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government. 
(III) I
NTEREST AND OTHER FINANCING  
COSTS .—Interest and other financing costs of 
efficiently carrying out a part of the eligible project within a reasonable time are a cost of carrying out the eligible project under a full funding grant agreement, except that el-igible costs may not be more than the cost of the most favorable financing terms reason-ably available for the eligible project at the time of borrowing. The applicant shall cer-tify, in a way satisfactory to the Secretary, that the applicant has shown reasonable dili-gence in seeking the most favorable financ-ing terms. 
(IV) C
OMPLETION OF OPERABLE SEGMENT .— 
The amount stipulated in an agreement under this subparagraph for a new fixed guideway capital project, core capacity im-provement project, or small start project shall be sufficient to complete at least an op-erable segment. 
(v) E
XCEPTION .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, to the 
maximum extent practicable, shall provide Federal assistance under this subsection for a small start project in a single grant. If the Secretary cannot provide such a single grant, the Secretary may execute an expe-dited grant agreement in order to include a commitment on the part of the Secretary to provide funding for the project in future fis-
cal years. 
(II) T
ERMS OF EXPEDITED GRANT AGREE -
MENTS .—In executing an expedited grant 
agreement under this clause, the Secretary may include in the agreement terms similar to those established under clause (iii). 
(C) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into full funding grant agreements under this paragraph for eligible projects that con-tain contingent commitments to incur obli-gations in such amounts as the Secretary de-termines are appropriate. 
(ii) A
PPROPRIATION REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion may be made under this paragraph only when amounts are appropriated for obliga-tion. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days be-
fore the date on which the Secretary issues a letter of intent or enters into a full funding grant agreement for an eligible project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed let-ter of intent or full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The written notification 
under clause (i) shall include a copy of the proposed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement for the eligible project. 
(9) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant for an eligible 
project shall not exceed 25 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(B) R
EMAINDER OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The remainder of the net capital 
project cost shall be provided from an undis-tributed cash surplus, a replacement or de-preciation cash fund or reserve, or new cap-ital. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed as authorizing the Secretary to re-quire a non-Federal financial commitment for a project that is more than 75 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ROLLING STOCK  
COSTS .—In addition to amounts allowed pur-
suant to subparagraph (A), a planned exten-sion to a fixed guideway system may include the cost of rolling stock previously pur-chased if the applicant satisfies the Sec-retary that only amounts other than amounts provided by the Federal Govern-ment were used and that the purchase was 
made for use on the extension. A refund or reduction of the remainder may be made only if a refund of a proportional amount of the grant of the Federal Government is made at the same time. 
(E) F
AILURE TO CARRY OUT PROJECT .—If an 
applicant does not carry out an eligible project for reasons within the control of the applicant, the applicant shall repay all Fed-eral funds awarded for the eligible project from all Federal funding sources, for all eli-gible project activities, facilities, and equip-ment, plus reasonable interest and penalty charges allowable by law. 
(F) C
REDITING OF FUNDS RECEIVED .—Any 
funds received by the Federal Government under this paragraph, other than interest and penalty charges, shall be credited to the appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived. 
(10) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount made avail-
able for an eligible project shall remain available to that eligible project for 5 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available. Any amounts that are unobligated to the eligible project at the end of the 5-fiscal-year period may be used 
by the Secretary for any purpose under this subsection. 
(B) U
SE OF DEOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—An 
amount available under this subsection that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this subsection. 
(11) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EXPEDITED PROJECT  
DELIVERY FOR CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .— 
Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes a proposed amount to be available to finance grants for anticipated projects under this subsection. 
(12) B
EFORE AND AFTER STUDY AND RE -
PORT .— 
(A) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Each recipient shall 
conduct a study that— 
(i) describes and analyzes the impacts of 
the eligible project on public transportation services and public transportation ridership; 
(ii) describes and analyzes the consistency 
of predicted and actual benefits and costs of the innovative project development and de-livery methods or innovative financing for the eligible project; and 
(iii) identifies reasons for any differences 
between predicted and actual outcomes for the eligible project. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 
2 years after an eligible project that is se-lected under this subsection begins revenue operations, the recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A). 
(13) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to— 
(A) require the privatization of the oper-
ation or maintenance of any project for which an applicant seeks funding under this subsection; 
(B) revise the determinations by local poli-
cies, criteria, and decisionmaking under sec-tion 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(C) alter the requirements for locally de-
veloped, coordinated, and implemented transportation plans under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(D) alter the eligibilities or priorities for 
assistance under this subsection or section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 21007. MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND INDIVID-
UALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PUBLIC TRANSPOR -
TATION SERVICES WITHOTHER FEDERALLY AS-
SISTED LOCAL TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘allocated cost model’’ means 
a method of determining the cost of trips by allocating the cost to each trip purpose served by a transportation provider in a manner that is proportional to the level of transportation service that the transpor-tation provider delivers for each trip pur-pose, to the extent permitted by applicable Federal requirements; and 
(B) the term ‘‘Council’’ means the Inter-
agency Transportation Coordinating Council on Access and Mobility established under Ex-ecutive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
(2) C
OORDINATING COUNCIL ON ACCESS AND  
MOBILITY STRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
(A) outlines the role and responsibilities of 
each Federal agency with respect to local transportation coordination, including non- emergency medical transportation; 
(B) identifies a strategy to strengthen 
interagency collaboration; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5247 July 21, 2015 
(C) addresses any outstanding rec-
ommendations made by the Council in the 2005 Report to the President relating to the implementation of Executive Order 13330, in-cluding— 
(i) a cost-sharing policy endorsed by the 
Council; and 
(ii) recommendations to increase participa-
tion by recipients of Federal grants in lo-cally developed, coordinated planning proc-esses; and 
(D) to the extent feasible, addresses rec-
ommendations by the Comptroller General of the United States concerning local coordi-nation of transportation services. 
(3) D
EVELOPMENT OF COST -SHARING POLICY  
IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL RE -
QUIREMENTS .—In establishing the cost-shar-
ing policy required under paragraph (2), the Council may consider, to the extent prac-ticable— 
(A) the development of recommended 
strategies for grantees of programs funded by members of the Council, including strate-gies for grantees of programs that fund non- emergency medical transportation, to use the cost-sharing policy in a manner that does not violate applicable Federal require-ments; and 
(B) optional incorporation of an allocated 
cost model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable require-ments of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
(i) eligibility requirements; (ii) service delivery requirements; and (iii) reimbursement requirements. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INNOVATIVE COORDI -
NATED ACCESS AND MOBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘eligible project’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘capital project’’ in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) the term ‘‘eligible recipient’’ means a 
recipient or subrecipient, as those terms are defined in section 5310 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to eligible recipients to assist in financing in-novative projects for the transportation dis-advantaged that improve the coordination of transportation services and non-emergency medical transportation services, including— 
(A) the deployment of coordination tech-
nology; 
(B) projects that create or increase access 
to community One-Call/One-Click Centers; and 
(C) such other projects as determined by 
the Secretary. 
(3) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible recipient 
shall submit to the Secretary an application that, at a minimum, contains— 
(A) a detailed description of the eligible 
project; 
(B) an identification of all eligible project 
partners and their specific role in the eligi-ble project, including— 
(i) private entities engaged in the coordi-
nation of non-emergency medical transpor-tation services for the transportation dis-advantaged; or 
(ii) nonprofit entities engaged in the co-
ordination of non-emergency medical trans-portation services for the transportation dis-advantaged; 
(C) a description of how the eligible project 
would— 
(i) improve local coordination or access to 
coordinated transportation services; 
(ii) reduce duplication of service, if appli-
cable; and 
(iii) provide innovative solutions in the 
State or community; and (D) specific performance measures the eli-
gible project will use to quantify actual out-comes against expected outcomes. 
(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share of 
the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 per-cent. 
(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non- 
Government share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions. 
(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes 
of this subsection, non-emergency medical transportation services shall be limited to services eligible under Federal programs other than programs authorized under chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 5310(a) 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘recipient’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a designated recipient or a State that 
receives a grant under this section directly; or 
‘‘(B) a State or local governmental entity 
that operates a public transportation serv-ice.’’. 
SEC. 21008. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL 
AREAS. 
Section 5311 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), as amended by divi-
sion G, by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) $5,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
distributed on a competitive basis by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
apportioned as formula grants, as provided in subsection (j).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (j)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘(as defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’ and inserting ‘‘(American Indian Areas, Alaska Native Areas, and Hawaiian Home Lands, as defined by the Bureau of the Cen-sus)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
LLOCATION BETWEEN MULTIPLE INDIAN  
TRIBES .—If more than 1 Indian tribe provides 
public transportation service on tribal lands in a single Tribal Statistical Area, and the Indian tribes do not determine how to allo-cate the funds apportioned under clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) between the Indian tribes, the Secretary shall allocate the funds such that each Indian tribe shall receive an amount equal to the total amount appor-tioned under such clause (iii) multiplied by the ratio of the number of annual unlinked passenger trips provided by each Indian tribe, as reported to the National Transit Database, to the total unlinked passenger trips provided by all the Indian tribes in the Tribal Statistical Area.’’. 
SEC. 21009. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, DEM-
ONSTRATION, AND DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5312 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ program ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), in the subsection 
heading, by striking ‘‘P ROJECTS ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘demonstration, deploy-ment, or evaluation’’ before ‘‘project that’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the deployment of low or no emission 
vehicles, zero emission vehicles, or associ-ated advanced technology.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary may not 
make grants under this subsection for the demonstration, deployment, or evaluation of a vehicle that is in revenue service unless the Secretary determines that the project makes significant technological advance-ments in the vehicle. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
means the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide 
public transportation that the Secretary de-termines sufficiently reduces energy con-sumption or harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to pro-
vide public transportation; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ 
means a low or no emission vehicle that pro-duces no carbon or particulate matter.’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
OW OR NOEMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘covered institution of high-
er education’ means an institution of higher education with which the Secretary enters into a contract or cooperative agreement, or to which the Secretary makes a grant, under paragraph (2)(B) to operate a facility des-ignated under paragraph (2)(A); 
‘‘(B) the terms ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
and ‘low or no emission vehicle’ have the meanings given those terms in subsection (d)(6); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘institution of higher edu-
cation’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle 
component’ means an item that is separately installed in and removable from a low or no emission vehicle. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING LOW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE  
COMPONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate not more than 2 facilities to conduct 
testing, evaluation, and analysis of low or no emission vehicle components intended for use in low or no emission vehicles. 
‘‘(B) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
enter into a contract or cooperative agree-ment with, or make a grant to, not more than 2 institutions of higher education to each operate and maintain a facility des-ignated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An institution of 
higher education described in clause (i) shall have— 
‘‘(I) previous experience with transpor-
tation-related advanced component and vehi-cle evaluation; 
‘‘(II) laboratories capable of testing and 
evaluation; 
‘‘(III) direct access to or a partnership with 
a testing facility capable of emulating real- world circumstances in order to test low or no emission vehicle components installed on the intended vehicle; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:25 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5248 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(IV) extensive knowledge of public-pri-
vate partnerships in the transportation sec-tor, with emphasis on development and eval-uation of materials, products, and compo-nents; 
‘‘(V) the ability to reduce costs to partners 
by leveraging existing programs to provide complementary research, development, test-ing, and evaluation; and 
‘‘(VI) the means to conduct performance 
assessments on low or no emission vehicle components based on industry standards. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A covered institution of higher 
education shall establish and collect fees, which shall be approved by the Secretary, for the assessment of low or no emission compo-nents at the applicable facility designated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS TO PAY FOR  
ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into 
a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each covered institution of higher education under which— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary shall pay 50 percent of 
the cost of assessing a low or no emission ve-hicle component at the applicable facility designated under subparagraph (A) from amounts made available to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the remaining 50 percent of such cost 
shall be paid from amounts recovered through the fees established and collected pursuant to subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) V
OLUNTARY TESTING .—A manufacturer 
of a low or no emission vehicle component is not required to assess the low or no emission vehicle component at a facility designated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(F) C
OMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 5318 .—Not-
withstanding whether a low or no emission vehicle component is assessed at a facility designated under subparagraph (A), each new bus model shall comply with the require-ments under section 5318. 
‘‘(G) S
EPARATE FACILITY .—Each facility 
designated under subparagraph (A) shall be separate and distinct from the facility oper-ated and maintained under section 5318. 
‘‘(3) L
OW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report on low or no emission vehicle component assessments conducted at each facility designated under paragraph (2)(A), which shall include information related to the maintainability, reliability, perform-ance, structural integrity, efficiency, and noise of those low or no emission vehicle components. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ASSESS -
MENTS .—Each assessment conducted at a fa-
cility designated under paragraph (2)(A) shall be made publically available, including to affected industries. 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to re-quire— 
‘‘(A) a low or no emission vehicle compo-
nent to be tested at a facility designated under paragraph (2)(A); or 
‘‘(B) the development or disclosure of a pri-
vately funded component assessment.’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) a list of any projects that returned 
negative results in the preceding fiscal year and an analysis of such results; and’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘based on projects in the pipeline, ongoing projects, and anticipated research efforts necessary to advance certain projects 
to a subsequent research phase’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish— 
‘‘(A) a public transportation cooperative 
research program under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) an independent governing board for 
the program, which shall recommend public transportation research, development, and technology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may make grants to, and cooperative agree-ments with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Secretary determines ap-propriate. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—If there would be 
a clear and direct financial benefit to an en-tity under a grant or contract financed under this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish a Government share consistent with that benefit.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 49 .—Chapter 53 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking section 5313. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 5312 and 5313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5312. Research, development, demonstra-
tion, and deployment program. 
‘‘[5313. Repealed.]’’. 
SEC. 21010. PRIVATE SECTOR PARTICIPATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5315 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter— 
‘‘(1) the eligibilities, requirements, or pri-
ority for assistance provided under this chapter; or 
‘‘(2) the requirements of section 5306(a).’’. 
(b) MAP-21 T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Sec-
tion 20013(d) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 694) is amended by striking ‘‘5307(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘5307(b)’’. 
SEC. 21011. INNOVATIVE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5315 the following: 
‘‘§ 5316. Innovative procurement 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘grantee’ means a recipient or subrecipient of assistance under this chapter. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS ; GENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative procurement 
contract’ means a contract— 
‘‘(I) entered into between a State govern-
ment or eligible nonprofit and 1 or more ven-dors; and 
‘‘(II) under which the vendors agree to pro-
vide an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to multiple participants; 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible nonprofit entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(I) a nonprofit entity that is not a grant-
ee; or 
‘‘(II) a consortium of entities described in 
subclause (I); 
‘‘(iii) the terms ‘lead nonprofit entity’ and 
‘lead procurement agency’ mean an eligible nonprofit entity or a State government, re-spectively, that acts in an administrative ca-pacity on behalf of each participant in a co-operative procurement contract; 
‘‘(iv) the term ‘participant’ means a grant-
ee that participates in a cooperative pro-curement contract; and ‘‘(v) the term ‘participate’ means to pur-
chase rolling stock and related equipment under a cooperative procurement contract using assistance provided under this chapter. 
‘‘(B) G
ENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) P ROCUREMENT NOT LIMITED TO INTRA -
STATE PARTICIPANTS .—A grantee may partici-
pate in a cooperative procurement contract without regard to whether the grantee is lo-cated in the same State as the parties to the contract. 
‘‘(ii) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Partici-
pation by grantees in a cooperative procure-ment contract shall be voluntary. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The lead procure-
ment agency or lead nonprofit entity for a cooperative procurement contract shall de-velop the terms of the contract. 
‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—A cooperative procure-
ment contract— 
‘‘(I) subject to subclauses (II) and (III), 
may be for an initial term of not more than 2 years; 
‘‘(II) may include not more than 3 optional 
extensions for terms of not more than 1 year each; and 
‘‘(III) may be in effect for a total period of 
not more than 5 years, including each exten-sion authorized under subclause (II). 
‘‘(v) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—A lead 
procurement agency or lead nonprofit entity, as applicable, that enters into a cooperative procurement contract— 
‘‘(I) may charge the participants in the 
contract for the cost of administering, plan-ning, and providing technical assistance for the contract in an amount that is not more than 1 percent of the total value of the con-tract; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the cost described in 
subclause (I), may incorporate the cost into the price of the contract or directly charge the participants for the cost, but not both. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT  
SCHEDULES .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A State government 
may enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if— 
‘‘(i) the vendors agree to provide an option 
to purchase rolling stock and related equip-ment to the State government and any other participant; and 
‘‘(ii) the State government acts through-
out the term of the contract as the lead pro-curement agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—In procuring rolling stock and re-
lated equipment under a cooperative pro-curement contract under this subsection, a State government shall comply with the policies and procedures that apply to pro-
curement by the State government when using non-Federal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conform-ance with applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(3) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR NONPROFIT COOPER -
ATIVE PROCUREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish and carry out a pilot program to demonstrate the effectiveness of cooperative procurement contracts administered by non-profit entities. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—In carrying out the 
program under this paragraph, the Secretary shall designate not less than 1 eligible non-profit entity to enter into a cooperative pro-curement contract under which the non-profit entity acts throughout the term of the contract as the lead nonprofit entity. 
‘‘(C) N
UMBER OF ENTITIES .—The Secretary 
may designate not more than 3 geographi-cally diverse eligible nonprofit entities under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—At 
a time determined appropriate by the lead nonprofit entity, each participant in a coop-erative procurement contract under this paragraph shall submit to the lead nonprofit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5249 July 21, 2015 
entity a nonbinding notice of intent to par-
ticipate. 
‘‘(c) L EASING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL LEASE DEFINED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘capital lease’ means any agreement under which a grantee acquires the right to use rolling stock or related equipment for a specified period of time, in exchange for a periodic payment. 
‘‘(B) M
AINTENANCE .—A capital lease may 
require that the lessor provide maintenance of the rolling stock or related equipment covered by the lease. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM TO SUPPORT INNOVATIVE LEAS -
ING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A grantee may use as-
sistance provided under this chapter to enter into a capital lease if— 
‘‘(i) the rolling stock or related equipment 
covered under the lease is eligible for capital assistance under this chapter; and 
‘‘(ii) there is or will be no Federal interest 
in the rolling stock or related equipment covered under the lease as of the date on which the lease takes effect. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTEE REQUIREMENTS .—A grantee 
that enters into a capital lease shall— 
‘‘(i) maintain an inventory of the rolling 
stock or related equipment acquired under the lease; and 
‘‘(ii) maintain on the accounting records of 
the grantee the liability of the grantee under the lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE LEASE COSTS .—The costs for 
which a grantee may use assistance under this chapter, with respect to a capital lease, include— 
‘‘(i) the cost of the rolling stock or related 
equipment; 
‘‘(ii) associated financing costs, including 
interest, legal fees, and financial advisor fees; 
‘‘(iii) ancillary costs such as delivery and 
installation charges; and 
‘‘(iv) maintenance costs. ‘‘(D) T
ERMS .—A grantee shall negotiate the 
terms of any lease agreement that the grant-ee enters into. 
‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT RE -
QUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) L EASE REQUIREMENTS .—Part 639 of title 
49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation, and implementing guid-
ance applicable to leasing shall not apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) B
UY AMERICA .—The requirements 
under section 5323(j) shall apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(3) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEAS -
ING OF ROLLING STOCK .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall 
carry out an incentive program for capital leasing of rolling stock (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘program’). 
‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall se-
lect not less than 6 grantees to participate in the program, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) geographically diverse; and ‘‘(II) evenly distributed among grantees in 
accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) P
OPULATION SIZE .—In selecting an 
even distribution of grantees under clause (i)(II), the Secretary shall select not less than— 
‘‘(I) 2 grantees that serve rural areas; ‘‘(II) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of fewer than 200,000 indi-viduals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
‘‘(III) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of 200,000 or more individ-uals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive a 
requirement under clause (ii) if an insuffi-cient number of eligible grantees of a par-ticular population size apply to participate 
in the program. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A grantee that partici-
pates in the program shall— 
‘‘(I) enter into a capital lease for a period 
of not less than 5 years; and 
‘‘(II) replace not less than 1⁄4of the grant-
ee’s fleet through the capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) V EHICLE REQUIREMENTS .—The vehicles 
replaced under clause (i)(II), with respect to the fleet as constituted on the day before the date on which the capital lease is entered into, shall— 
‘‘(I) be the oldest vehicles in the fleet; or ‘‘(II) produce the highest quantity of direct 
greenhouse gas emissions relative to the other vehicles in the fleet, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER OF FEDERAL INTEREST RE -
QUIREMENTS .—If a grantee participating in 
the program seeks to replace vehicles that have a remaining Federal interest, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(I) evaluate the economic and environ-
mental benefits of waiving the Federal inter-est, as demonstrated by the grantee; 
‘‘(II) if the grantee demonstrates a net eco-
nomic or environmental benefit, grant an early disposition of the vehicles; and 
‘‘(III) publish each evaluation and final de-
termination of the Secretary under this clause in a conspicuous location on the website of the Federal Transit Administra-tion. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPANT BENEFIT .—During the pe-
riod during which a capital lease described in subparagraph (C)(i)(I), entered into by a grantee participating in the program, is in effect, the limit on the Government share of operating expenses under subsection (d)(2) of section 5307, subsection (d)(2) of section 5310, or subsection (g)(2) of section 5311 shall not apply with respect to any grant awarded to the grantee under the applicable section. 
‘‘(E) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date on which a grant-ee enters into a capital lease under the pro-gram, the grantee shall submit to the Sec-retary a report that contains— 
‘‘(i) an evaluation of the overall costs and 
benefits of leasing rolling stock; 
‘‘(ii) a cost comparison of leasing versus 
buying rolling stock; 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of the expected short- 
term and long-term maintenance costs of leasing versus buying rolling stock; and 
‘‘(iv) a projected budget showing the 
changes in overall operating and capital ex-penses due to the capital lease that the grantee entered into under the program. 
‘‘(4) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEAS -
ING OF CERTAIN ZERO EMISSION VEHICLE COM -
PONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘removable power source’— ‘‘(I) means a power source that is sepa-
rately installed in, and removable from, a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(II) may include a battery, a fuel cell, an 
ultra-capacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 5339(c). 
‘‘(B) L
EASED POWER SOURCES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, for pur-poses of this subsection, the cost of a remov-able power source that is necessary for the operation of a zero emission vehicle shall not be treated as part of the cost of the vehicle if the removable power source is acquired using a capital lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CAPITAL LEASE .—A grantee 
may acquire a removable power source by itself through a capital lease.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5315 the following: 
‘‘5316. Innovative procurement.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5325(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘this subsection’’ the following: ‘‘, section 5316,’’. 
SEC. 21012. HUMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING. 
Section 5322 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-
ing, by striking ‘‘P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘I N GENERAL ’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMS .—A program eligible for as-
sistance under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) provide skills training, on-the-job 
training, and work-based learning; 
‘‘(B) offer career pathways that support 
the movement from initial or short-term em-ployment opportunities to sustainable ca-reers; 
‘‘(C) address current or projected work-
force shortages; 
‘‘(D) replicate successful workforce devel-
opment models; or 
‘‘(E) respond to such other workforce needs 
as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) give priority to minorities, women, in-
dividuals with disabilities, veterans, low-in-come populations, and other underserved populations.’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—A recipient of assist-
ance under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) identify the workforce needs and com-
mensurate training needs at the local level in coordination with entities such as local employers, local public transportation oper-ators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, State workforce agen-cies, State apprenticeship agencies (where applicable), university transportation cen-ters, community colleges, and community- based organizations representing minorities, women, disabled individuals, veterans, and low-income populations; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, conduct 
local training programs in coordination with existing local training programs supported by the Secretary, the Department of Labor (including registered apprenticeship pro-grams), and the Department of Education. 
‘‘(5) P
ROGRAM OUTCOMES .—A recipient of 
assistance under this subsection shall dem-onstrate outcomes for any program that in-cludes skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning, including— 
‘‘(A) the impact on reducing public trans-
portation workforce shortages in the area served; 
‘‘(B) the diversity of training participants; ‘‘(C) the number of participants obtaining 
certifications or credentials required for spe-cific types of employment; 
‘‘(D) employment outcomes, including job 
placement, job retention, and wages, using performance metrics established in consulta-tion with the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor and consistent with metrics used by programs under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5250 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(E) to the extent practical, evidence that 
the program did not preclude workers who are participating in skills training, on-the- job training, and work-based learning from being referred to, or hired on, projects fund-ed under this chapter without regard to the length of time of their participation in the program.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) U
SE FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary may use not more than 1 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide technical assistance for activities and programs developed, con-ducted, and overseen under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 0.5 per-
cent of the amounts made available to a re-cipient under sections 5307, 5337, and 5339 is available for expenditure by the recipient, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of eligi-ble activities under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) E
XISTING PROGRAMS .—A recipient may 
use amounts made available under paragraph (A) to carry out existing local education and training programs for public transportation employees supported by the Secretary, the Department of Labor, or the Department of Education.’’. 
SEC. 21013. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) when procuring rolling stock (includ-
ing train control, communication, and trac-tion power equipment, and rolling stock pro-totypes) under this chapter— 
‘‘(i) the cost of components and subcompo-
nents produced in the United States— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, is more 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has 
occurred in the United States; or’’; 
(B) by resdesignating paragraphs (5) 
through (9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), re-spectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) R
OLLING STOCK FRAMES OR CAR  
SHELLS .—In carrying out paragraph (2)(C) in 
the case of a rolling stock procurement re-ceiving assistance under this chapter in which the average cost of a rolling stock ve-hicle in the procurement is more than $300,000, if rolling stock frames or car shells are not produced in the United States, the Secretary shall include in the calculation of the domestic content of the rolling stock the cost of steel or iron used in the rolling stock frames or car shells if— 
‘‘(A) all manufacturing processes for the 
steel or iron occur in the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the amount of steel or iron used in the 
rolling stock frames or car shells is signifi-cant. 
‘‘(6) C
ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY  
AND DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(A) C ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY .— 
If the Secretary denies an application for a waiver under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written cer-tification that— 
‘‘(i) the steel, iron, or manufactured goods, 
as applicable, (referred to in this subpara-graph as the ‘item’) is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably 
available amount; 
‘‘(ii) the item produced in the United 
States is of a satisfactory quality; and 
‘‘(iii) includes a list of known manufactur-
ers in the United States from which the item can be obtained. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary shall dis-
close the waiver denial and the written cer-tification to the public in an easily identifi-able location on the website of the Depart-ment of Transportation.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Trans-portation Act of 2015’’; and 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(12) P
RODUCTION IN UNITED STATES .—For 
purposes of this subsection, steel and iron may be considered produced in the United States if all the manufacturing processes, except metallurgical processes involving re-finement of steel additives, took place in the United States. 
‘‘(13) D
EFINITION OF SMALL PURCHASE .—For 
purposes of determining whether a purchase qualifies for a general public interest waiver under paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, in-cluding under any regulation promulgated under that paragraph, the term ‘small pur-chase’ means a purchase of not more than $150,000.’’; 
(2) in subsection (q)(1), by striking the sec-
ond sentence; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(s) V
ALUE CAPTURE REVENUE ELIGIBLE FOR  
LOCAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a recipient of assistance under this chapter may use the revenue gen-erated from value capture financing mecha-nisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
‘‘(t) V
ALUE ENGINEERING .—Nothing in this 
chapter shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to mandate the use of value engi-neering in projects funded under this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 21014. PROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT. 
Section 5327 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 5338(i)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) a requirement that oversight— ‘‘(A) begin during the project development 
phase of a project, unless the Secretary finds it more appropriate to begin the oversight during another phase of the project, to maxi-mize the transportation benefits and cost savings associated with project management oversight; and 
‘‘(B) be limited to quarterly reviews of 
compliance by the recipient with the project management plan approved under subsection (b) unless the Secretary finds that the recipi-ent requires more frequent oversight because the recipient has, for 2 consecutive quarterly reviews, failed to meet the requirements of such plan and the project is at risk of going over budget or becoming behind schedule; and 
‘‘(3) a process for recipients that the Sec-
retary has found require more frequent over-sight to return to quarterly reviews for pur-poses of paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 21015. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5329 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) minimum safety standards to ensure 
the safe operation of public transportation systems that— 
‘‘(i) are not related to performance stand-
ards for public transportation vehicles devel-oped under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, take into 
consideration— 
‘‘(I) relevant recommendations of the Na-
tional Transportation Safety Board; 
‘‘(II) best practices standards developed by 
the public transportation industry; 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or 
performance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; and 
‘‘(IV) any additional information that the 
Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(2), by inserting after 
‘‘public transportation system of a recipi-ent’’ the following: ‘‘or the public transpor-tation industry generally’’; 
(3) in subsection (g)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an eli-gible State, as defined in subsection (e),’’ and inserting ‘‘a recipient’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) FOIA E
XEMPTION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘covered record’— 
‘‘(A) means any record that the Secretary 
obtains under a provision of, or regulation or order under, this section that relates to the establishment, implementation, or modifica-tion of a public transportation agency safety plan; and 
‘‘(B) includes a public transportation agen-
cy’s analysis of its safety risks and its state-ment of the mitigation measures with which it will address those risks. 
‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—Except as necessary for 
the Secretary or another Federal agency to enforce or carry out any provision of Federal law, any part of any covered record is ex-empt from the requirements of section 552 of title 5 if the covered record is— 
‘‘(A) supplied to the Secretary pursuant to 
the review or audit of a public transpor-tation agency safety plan; or 
‘‘(B) made available for inspection and 
copying by an officer, employee, or agent of the Secretary pursuant to a public transpor-tation agency safety plan. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (2), the Secretary may disclose any part of a covered record comprised of facts otherwise available to the public if, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, the Secretary de-termines that disclosure would be consistent with the confidentiality needed for a public transportation agency safety plan. 
‘‘(4) D
ISCRETIONARY PROHIBITION OF DISCLO -
SURE .—The Secretary may prohibit the pub-
lic disclosure of risk analyses or risk mitiga-tion analyses that the Secretary has ob-tained under other provisions of, or regula-tions or orders under, this chapter if the Sec-retary determines that the prohibition of public disclosure is necessary to promote public transportation safety.’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY STANDARDS .— 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commence a review of the safety standards and protocols used in rail fixed guideway public transportation sys-tems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5251 July 21, 2015 
(B) C ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting 
the review under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall review— 
(i) minimum safety performance standards 
developed by the public transportation in-dustry; 
(ii) safety performance standards, prac-
tices, or protocols in use by rail fixed guide-way public transportation systems, includ-ing— 
(I) written emergency plans and procedures 
for passenger evacuations; 
(II) training programs to ensure public 
transportation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
(III) coordination plans with local emer-
gency responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public transportation system, including— 
(aa) emergency preparedness training, 
drills, and familiarization programs for those first responders; and 
(bb) the scheduling of regular field exer-
cises to ensure appropriate response and ef-fective radio and public safety communica-tions; 
(IV) maintenance, testing, and inspection 
programs to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(aa) tunnel, station, and vehicle ventila-
tion systems; 
(bb) signal and train control systems, 
track, mechanical systems, and other infra-structure; and 
(cc) other systems as necessary; (V) certification requirements for train 
and bus operators and control center em-ployees; 
(VI) consensus-based standards, practices, 
or protocols available to the public transpor-tation industry; and 
(VII) any other standards, practices, or 
protocols the Secretary determines appro-priate; and 
(iii) vehicle safety standards, practices, or 
protocols in use by public transportation systems, concerning— 
(I) bus design and the workstation of bus 
operators, as it relates to— 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that con-
tribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
(bb) protecting bus operators from the risk 
of assault; and 
(II) scheduling fixed route bus service with 
adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities. 
(2) E
VALUATION .—After conducting the re-
view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in consultation with representatives of the public transportation industry, evaluate 
the need to establish Federal minimum pub-lic transportation safety standards, includ-ing— 
(A) standards governing worker safety; (B) standards for the operation of signals, 
track, on-track equipment, mechanical sys-tems, and control systems; and 
(C) any other areas the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the public transportation in-dustry, determines require further evalua-tion. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Upon completing the review 
and evaluation required under paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the of House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) findings based on the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); 
(B) the outcome of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (2); 
(C) a comprehensive set of recommenda-
tions to improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including rec-ommendations for legislative changes where 
applicable; and 
(D) actions that the Secretary will take to 
address the recommendations provided under subparagraph (C), including, if necessary, the establishment of Federal minimum public transportation safety standards. 
SEC. 21016. STATE OF GOOD REPAIR GRANTS. 
Section 5337 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(a)(2)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(a)(2)(L)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘the 
provisions of’’ before ‘‘section 5336(b)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(a)(2)(I)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(a)(2)(L)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts apportioned 
under this subsection may be used for any project that is an eligible project under sub-section (b)(1).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. The recipient may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(2) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project costs shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
SEC. 21017. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, 
as amended by division G, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5338. Authorizations 
‘‘(a) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund to carry out sections 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5322(b), 5322(d), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012, and section 21007(b) of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) $9,346,415,125 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $9,551,368,589 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $9,767,251,724 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $10,001,051,238 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $10,251,763,806 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $10,509,442,553 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Of the 
amounts made available under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) $132,020,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$134,934,342 for fiscal year 2017, $138,004,098 for fiscal year 2018, $141,328,616 for fiscal year 2019, $144,893,631 for fiscal year 2020, and $148,557,701 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to carry out section 5305; 
‘‘(B) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Trans-portation Act of 2012; 
‘‘(C) $4,648,142,625 for fiscal year 2016, 
$4,750,750,373 for fiscal year 2017, $4,858,829,944 for fiscal year 2018, $4,975,879,158 for fiscal year 2019, $5,101,395,710 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,230,399,804 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allocated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307; 
‘‘(D) $269,277,750 for fiscal year 2016, 
$275,222,056 for fiscal year 2017, $281,483,358 for fiscal year 2018, $288,264,292 for fiscal year 2019, $295,535,759 for fiscal year 2020, and $303,009,267 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to provide financial assistance for serv-ices for the enhanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities under section 5310; ‘‘(E) $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the pilot program for innovative coordinated access and mobility under section 21007(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015; 
‘‘(F) $633,631,500 for fiscal year 2016, 
$647,618,915 for fiscal year 2017, $662,352,246 for fiscal year 2018, $678,308,311 for fiscal year 2019, $695,418,638 for fiscal year 2020, and $713,004,385 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to provide financial assistance for rural 
areas under section 5311, of which not less than— 
‘‘(i) $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5311(c)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5311(c)(2); 
‘‘(G) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312, of which— 
‘‘(i) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312(e); and 
‘‘(ii) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312(h); 
‘‘(H) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5314; 
‘‘(I) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for bus test-ing under section 5318; 
‘‘(J) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the na-tional transit institute under section 5322(d); 
‘‘(K) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5335; 
‘‘(L) $2,328,342,500 for fiscal year 2016, 
$2,379,740,661 for fiscal year 2017, $2,433,879,761 for fiscal year 2018, $2,492,511,924 for fiscal year 2019, $2,555,385,537 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,620,006,127 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5337; 
‘‘(M) $534,750,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$550,748,856 for fiscal year 2017, $567,600,893 for fiscal year 2018, $585,851,498 for fiscal year 2019, $605,422,352 for fiscal year 2020, and $625,536,993 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able for the bus and bus facilities program under section 5339(a); 
‘‘(N) $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for bus and bus facilities competitive grants under sec-tion 5339(b) and no or low emission grants under section 5339(c), of which $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5339(c); 
‘‘(O) $548,250,750 for fiscal year 2016, 
$560,353,385 for fiscal year 2017, $573,101,425 for fiscal year 2018, $586,907,438 for fiscal year 2019, $601,712,178 for fiscal year 2020, and $616,928,276 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allo-cated in accordance with section 5340 to pro-vide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under sec-tion 5311; and 
‘‘(P) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5322(b). 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , DEMONSTRA -
TION, ANDDEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5312, other than subsections (e) and (h) of that section, $20,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out section 5314, $7,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 5322, $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5252 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(e) E MERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 5324. 
‘‘(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5309 of this title and section 21006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, $2,301,785,760 for fiscal year 2016, $2,352,597,681 for fiscal year 2017, $2,406,119,278 for fiscal year 2018, $2,464,082,691 for fiscal year 2019, $2,526,239,177 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,590,122,713 for fiscal year 2021, of which 
$276,214,291 for fiscal year 2016, $282,311,722 for fiscal year 2017, $288,734,313 for fiscal year 2018, $295,689,923 for fiscal year 2019, $303,148,701 for fiscal year 2020, and $310,814,726 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to carry out section 21006(b) of the Fed-eral Public Transportation Act of 2015. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out section 5334, $115,016,543 for fiscal year 2016, $117,555,533 for fiscal year 2017, $120,229,921 for fiscal year 2018, $123,126,260 for fiscal year 2019, $126,232,120 for fiscal year 2020, and $129,424,278 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 5329 .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated under paragraph (1), not less than $8,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 5326 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (2), not less than $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5326. 
‘‘(h) O
VERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this chapter for a fis-cal year, the Secretary may use not more than the following amounts for the activities described in paragraph (2): 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5305. 
‘‘(B) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5307. 
‘‘(C) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5309. 
‘‘(D) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-432; 126 Stat. 4968). 
‘‘(E) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5310. 
‘‘(F) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5311. 
‘‘(G) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5337, of which not less than 0.25 percent shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(H) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5339. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described 
in this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Activities to oversee the construction 
of a major capital project. 
‘‘(B) Activities to review and audit the 
safety and security, procurement, manage-ment, and financial compliance of a recipi-ent or subrecipient of funds under this chap-ter. 
‘‘(C) Activities to provide technical assist-
ance generally, and to provide technical as-sistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance reviews and audits carried out under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government shall pay the entire cost of car-rying out a contract under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS .— 
Funds made available under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made available to the Secretary be-fore allocating the funds appropriated to carry out any project under a full funding grant agreement. 
‘‘(i) G
RANTS AS CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) G RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM GENERAL  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the General Fund of the Treasury pursuant to this sec-tion is a contractual obligation of the Gov-ernment to pay the Government share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 21018. GRANTS FOR BUS AND BUS FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, as amended by division G, is amended by striking section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities 
‘‘(a) F
ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
has the meaning given that term in sub-section (c)(1); 
‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means a State of the 
United States; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means the Dis-
trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to assist eligible recipients described in para-graph (4)(A) in financing capital projects— 
‘‘(A) to replace, rehabilitate, and purchase 
buses and related equipment, including tech-nological changes or innovations to modify low or no emissions vehicles or facilities; and 
‘‘(B) to construct bus-related facilities. ‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments of— 
‘‘(A) section 5307 shall apply to recipients 
of grants made in urbanized areas under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) section 5311 shall apply to recipients 
of grants made in rural areas under this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS AND SUBRECIPI -
ENTS .— 
‘‘(A) R ECIPIENTS .—Eligible recipients under 
this subsection are— 
‘‘(i) designated recipients that allocate 
funds to fixed route bus operators; or 
‘‘(ii) State or local governmental entities 
that operate fixed route bus service. 
‘‘(B) S UBRECIPIENTS .—A recipient that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may al-locate amounts of the grant to subrecipients that are public agencies or private nonprofit organizations engaged in public transpor-tation. 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION OF GRANT FUNDS .—Funds 
allocated under section 5338(a)(2)(M) shall be distributed as follows: 
‘‘(A) N
ATIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—$102,500,000 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be allocated to all States and terri-tories, with each State receiving $2,000,000 for each such fiscal year and each territory receiving $500,000 for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION USING POPULATION AND  
SERVICE FACTORS .—The remainder of the 
funds not otherwise distributed under sub-paragraph (A) shall be allocated pursuant to the formula set forth in section 5336 other than subsection (b). ‘‘(6) T
RANSFERS OF APPORTIONMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTION FUNDS .—The Governor of a 
State may transfer any part of the State’s apportionment under paragraph (5)(A) to supplement amounts apportioned to the State under section 5311(c) of this title or amounts apportioned to urbanized areas under subsections (a) and (c) of section 5336 of this title. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR POPU -
LATION AND SERVICE FACTORS FUNDS .—The 
Governor of a State may expend in an urban-ized area with a population of less than 200,000 any amounts apportioned under para-graph (5)(B) that are not allocated to des-ignated recipients in urbanized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this subsection shall be for 80 percent of the net capital costs of the project. A recipient of a grant under this subsection may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(ii) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(iii) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a serv-
ice agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service orga-nization; or 
‘‘(v) from revenues generated from value 
capture financing mechanisms. 
‘‘(8) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY TO RECIPI -
ENTS .—Amounts made available under this 
subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned. Not later than 30 days after the end of the 3-fiscal-year period described in the preceding sentence, any amount that is not obligated on the last day of that period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) B
US AND BUSFACILITIES COMPETITIVE  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants under this subsection to designated recipients to assist in the financing of bus and bus facilities capital projects, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) replacing, rehabilitating, purchasing, 
or leasing buses or related equipment; and 
‘‘(B) rehabilitating, purchasing, con-
structing, or leasing bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT CONSIDERATIONS .—In making 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and bus-re-lated facilities. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEWIDE APPLICATIONS .—A State 
may submit a statewide application on be-half of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transpor-tation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide application shall not preclude the submission and consideration of any ap-plication under this subsection from other eligible recipients in an urbanized area in a State. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE SECRETARY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose all metrics and evaluation 
procedures to be used in considering grant applications under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5253 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) publish a summary of final scores for 
selected projects, metrics, and other evalua-tions used in awarding grants under this sub-section in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(5) R
URAL PROJECTS .—Not less 10 percent 
of the amounts made available under this subsection in a fiscal year shall be distrib-uted to projects in rural areas. 
‘‘(6) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) section 5307 for recipients of grants 
made in urbanized areas; and 
‘‘(ii) section 5311 for recipients of grants 
made in rural areas. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal 
years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an eligible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—Of the amounts made 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent may be awarded to a single grantee. 
‘‘(c) L
OW OR NOEMISSION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
means the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible project’ means a 
project or program of projects in an eligible area for— 
‘‘(i) acquiring low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(ii) leasing low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(iii) acquiring low or no emission vehicles 
with a leased power source; 
‘‘(iv) constructing facilities and related 
equipment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(v) leasing facilities and related equip-
ment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(vi) constructing new public transpor-
tation facilities to accommodate low or no 
emission vehicles; or 
‘‘(vii) rehabilitating or improving existing 
public transportation facilities to accommo-date low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘leased power source’ means 
a removable power source, as defined in para-graph (4)(A) of section 5316(c), that is made available through a capital lease under that section; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission bus’ 
means a bus that is a low or no emission ve-hicle; 
‘‘(E) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide 
public transportation that the Secretary de-termines sufficiently reduces energy con-sumption or harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to pro-
vide public transportation; 
‘‘(F) the term ‘recipient’ means a des-
ignated recipient, a local governmental au-thority, or a State that receives a grant under this subsection for an eligible project; and 
‘‘(G) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ 
means a low or no emission vehicle that pro-duces no carbon or particulate matter. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants to recipients to finance el-igible projects under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of section 5307. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER -
TAIN PROJECTS .—Section 5323(i) applies to eli-
gible projects carried out under this sub-section, unless the recipient requests a lower grant percentage. 
‘‘(C) C
OMBINATION OF FUNDING SOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) C OMBINATION PERMITTED .—An eligible 
project carried out under this subsection may receive funding under section 5307 or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(ii) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—Nothing in this 
subparagraph shall be construed to alter the Government share required under paragraph (7), section 5307, or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the date 
on which amounts are made available for ob-ligation under this subsection for a full fis-cal year, solicit grant applications for eligi-ble projects on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) award a grant under this subsection 
based on the solicitation under subparagraph (A) not later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) 75 days after the date on which the so-
licitation expires; or 
‘‘(ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the 
Secretary solicited the grant applications. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall only consider eligible projects relating to the acquisition or leasing of low or no emis-sion buses that— 
‘‘(A) make greater reductions in energy 
consumption and harmful emissions, includ-ing direct carbon emissions, than com-parable standard buses or other low or no emission buses; and 
‘‘(B) are part of a long-term integrated 
fleet management plan for the recipient. 
‘‘(6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available to an eligible 
project for 2 fiscal years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an eligible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Fed-
eral share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be de-rived from in-kind contributions.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 53 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities.’’. 
SEC. 21019. SALARY OF FEDERAL TRANSIT AD-
MINISTRATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5313 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5314 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 21020. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C HAPTER 53 OFTITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.— (1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 5319; (B) in section 5325— (i) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘at 
least two’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and in-serting ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’; 
(C) in section 5336— (i) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)(5)’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), as amended by divi-
sion G— 
(I) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
set aside to carry out section 5307(h);’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘1.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; and 
(D) in section 5340(b), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(b)(2)(M)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(a)(2)(O)’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 5319 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘[5319. Repealed.]’’. 
(b) C
HAPTER 105 OFTITLE 49, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Section 10501(c) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘mass transportation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘public transportation’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘mass 
transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘public trans-portation’’. 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 31001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Com-
prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’ 
SEC. 31002. REFERENCES TO TITLE 49, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 31003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Subtitle A of title XXXII, sections 33103, 
34101(g), 34105, 34106, 34107, 34133, 34141, 34202, 34203, 34204, 34205, 34206, 34207, 34208, 34211, 34212, 34213, 34214, 34215, subtitles C and D of title XXXIV, and title XXXV take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXXI—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
Subtitle A—Accelerating Project Delivery 
SEC. 31101. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 116. Administrations; acting officers 
‘‘No person designated to serve as the act-
ing head of an administration in the depart-ment of transportation under section 3345 of title may continue to perform the functions and duties of the office if the time limita-tions in section 3346 of that title would pre-vent the person from continuing to serve in a formal acting capacity.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.046 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5254 July 21, 2015 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 115 the following: 
‘‘116. Administrations; acting officers.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment under 
subsection (a) shall apply to any applicable office with a position designated for a Senate confirmed official. 
SEC. 31102. INFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING IM-
PROVEMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by adding after sec-tion 311 the following: 
‘‘§ 312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting 
Improvement Center 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established in 
the Office of the Secretary an Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
(b) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) G OVERNANCE .—The Center shall report 
to the chair of the Steering Committee de-scribed in paragraph (2) to ensure that the perspectives of all member agencies are rep-resented. 
‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING STEERING  
COMMITTEE .—An Infrastructure Permitting 
Steering Committee (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Steering Committee’) is estab-lished to oversee the work of the Center. The Steering Committee shall be chaired by the Federal Chief Performance Officer in con-sultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality and shall be com-prised of Deputy-level representatives from the following departments and agencies: 
‘‘(A) The Department of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Department of the Interior. ‘‘(C) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(D) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(E) The Department of Transportation. ‘‘(F) The Department of Energy. ‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
‘‘(H) The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy. 
‘‘(I) The Advisory Council on Historic Pres-
ervation. 
‘‘(J) The Department of the Army. ‘‘(K) The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development. 
‘‘(L) Other agencies the Chair of the Steer-
ing Committee invites to participate. 
‘‘(3) A
CTIVITIES .—The Center shall support 
the Chair of the Steering Committee and un-dertake the following: 
‘‘(A) Coordinate and support implementa-
tion of priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews for areas as defined and identified by the Steering Com-mittee. 
‘‘(B) Support modernization efforts at Fed-
eral agencies and interagency pilots for inno-vative approaches to the permitting and re-view of infrastructure projects. 
‘‘(C) Provide technical assistance and 
training to field and headquarters staff of Federal agencies on policy changes, innova-tive approaches to project delivery, and other topics as appropriate. 
‘‘(D) Identify, develop, and track metrics 
for timeliness of permit reviews, permit deci-sions, and project outcomes. 
‘‘(E) Administer and expand the use of on-
line transparency tools providing for— 
‘‘(i) tracking and reporting of metrics; ‘‘(ii) development and posting of schedules 
for permit reviews and permit decisions; and 
‘‘(iii) sharing of best practices related to 
efficient project permitting and reviews. 
‘‘(F) Provide reporting to the President on 
progress toward achieving greater efficiency in permitting decisions and review of infra-structure projects and progress toward achieving better outcomes for communities 
and the environment. 
‘‘(G) Meet not less frequently than annu-
ally with groups or individuals representing State, Tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastructure permitting process. 
‘‘(4) I
NFRASTRUCTURE SECTORS COVERED .— 
The Center shall support process improve-ments in the permitting and review of infra-structure projects in the following sectors: 
‘‘(A) Surface transportation. ‘‘(B) Aviation. ‘‘(C) Ports and waterways. ‘‘(D) Water resource projects. ‘‘(E) Renewable energy generation. ‘‘(F) Electricity transmission. ‘‘(G) Broadband. ‘‘(H) Pipelines. 
‘‘(I) Other sectors, as determined by the 
Steering Committee. 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the heads of other Federal agencies on the Steering Committee with re-sponsibility for the review and approval of infrastructure projects sectors described in subsection (b)(4), shall evaluate and report on— 
‘‘(A) the progress made toward aligning 
Federal reviews of such projects and the im-provement of project delivery associated with those projects; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the Center in 
achieving reduction of permitting time and project delivery time. 
‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Transportation establishes per-formance measures in accordance with para-graph (1), the Secretary shall establish per-formance targets relating to each of the measures and standards described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015 and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the 
targets established under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the 
targets established under paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3, as amended by sec-tions 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 311 the following: ‘‘312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting 
Improvement Center.’’. 
SEC. 31103. ACCELERATED DECISION-MAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 
is amended by inserting after section 304 the following: ‘‘§ 304a. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In preparing a final en-
vironmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the Department of Transportation, when acting as lead agency, modifies the statement in response to com-ments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or explanations of why the comments do not warrant additional De-partmental response, the Department may write on errata sheets attached to the state-ment instead of rewriting the draft state-ment, subject to the condition that the er-rata sheets— 
‘‘(1) cite the sources, authorities, or rea-
sons that support the position of the Depart-ment; and 
‘‘(2) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger Departmental reappraisal or further response. 
‘‘(b) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the Department shall expe-
ditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(1) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(2) there are significant new cir-
cumstances or information relevant to envi-ronmental concerns and that bear on the proposed action or the impacts of the pro-posed action.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 304 the following: 
‘‘304a. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31104. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW ALIGN-
MENT AND REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 
is amended by inserting after section 309 the following: 
‘‘§ 310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views 
‘‘(a) C
OORDINATED AND CONCURRENT ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee described in section 312 of this title, shall develop a coordinated and concurrent environmental review and per-mitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact statement under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) (referred to in this section as ‘NEPA’). The coordinated and concurrent environ-mental review and permitting process shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the Department of Trans-
portation and Federal agencies of jurisdic-tion possess sufficient information early in the review process to determine a statement of a transportation project’s purpose and need and range of alternatives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdic-tion will rely upon for concurrent environ-mental reviews and permitting decisions re-quired for the proposed project; 
‘‘(2) achieve early concurrence or issue res-
olution during the NEPA scoping process on the Department of Transportation’s state-ment of a project’s purpose and need and during development of the environmental impact statement on the range of alter-natives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction will rely upon for concurrent environmental reviews and per-mitting decisions required for the proposed project absent circumstances that require re-consideration in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obligations; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.047 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5255 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) achieve concurrence or issue resolu-
tion in an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives considered during any Federal agency’s envi-ronmental or permitting review in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obliga-tions. 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation and Federal agen-cies of jurisdiction likely to have sub-stantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, shall jointly develop 
a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic re-sources in the area of a proposed project. The purpose of the checklist is— 
‘‘(1) to identify agencies of jurisdiction and 
cooperating agencies, 
‘‘(2) to develop the information needed for 
the purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
‘‘(3) to improve interagency collaboration 
to help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and Federal agencies of ju-risdiction. 
‘‘(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—Con-
sistent with Federal environmental statutes and the priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews defined and identified by the Steering Committee estab-lished under section 312, the Secretary shall facilitate annual interagency collaboration sessions at the appropriate jurisdictional level to coordinate business plans and facili-tate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. This engagement shall ensure agency staff is fully engaged and utilizing the flexibility of existing regula-tions, policies, and guidance and identifying additional actions to facilitate high quality, efficient, and targeted environmental re-views and permitting decisions. The sessions and the interagency collaborations they gen-erate shall focus on how to work with State and local transportation entities to improve project planning, siting, and application quality and how to consult and coordinate with relevant stakeholders and Federal, trib-al, State, and local representatives early in permitting processes. 
‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee established under section 312 of this title, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal reviews as outlined in this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
‘‘310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views.’’. 
SEC. 31105. MULTIMODAL CATEGORICAL EXCLU-
SIONS. 
Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘operating authority’’ and 
inserting ‘‘operating administration or sec-retarial office’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘has expertise but’’ before 
‘‘is not the lead’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ 
before ‘‘project’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transpor-tation operating administration or secre-tarial office that has the lead responsibility for a proposed multimodal project.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘means an action by the Department of Transportation that in-volves expertise of 1 or more Department of Transportation operating administrations or secretarial offices’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion 
designated under the implementing regula-tions or’’ and inserting ‘‘categorical exclu-sions designated under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; 
(B) by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a prelimi-
nary determination on the applicability of a categorical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project and notifies the cooper-ating authority of its intent to apply the co-operating authority categorical exclusion; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not ob-
ject to the lead authority’s preliminary de-termination ofits applicability;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the lead authority deter-
mines that’’ before ‘‘the component of’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ 
before ‘‘project to be covered’’; and 
(D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(4) the lead authority, with the concur-
rence of the cooperating authority— 
‘‘(A) follows implementing regulations or 
procedures under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) determines that the proposed 
multimodal project does not individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(C) determines that extraordinary cir-
cumstances do not exist that merit additionalanalysis and documentation in an environmental impact statement or environ-mental assessment required under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATING AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .— 
A cooperating authority shall provide exper-tise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 31106. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is further amendedby inserting after section 310 the following: 
‘‘§ 311. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than years 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an online platform and, in coordination with Federal agencies described in subsection (b), issue re-porting standards to make publicly available the status and progress with respect to com-pliance with applicable requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal approval required under applicable laws for projects and activities requiring an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement. 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A 
Federal agency of jurisdiction over an ap-proval required for a project under applica-
ble laws shall provide information regarding the status and progress of the approval to the onine platform, consistent with the standards established under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) A
SSIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—An 
entity with assigned authority for respon-sibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), under section 326 or section 327 of title shall be responsible for supplying project develop-ment and compliance status for all applica-ble projects.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3, as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 310, the following: 
‘‘311. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31107. LOCAL TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE PROGRAM. 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) 10 percent of the funds apportioned to 
the State for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 under each of sections 104(b)(1), 104(b)(2), and 144; and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
Subtitle B—Research 
SEC. 31201. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the followings findings: 
(1) Federal transportation research plan-
ning and coordination— 
(A) should occur within the Office of the 
Secretary; and 
(B) should be, to the extent practicable, 
multi-modal and not occur solely within thesubagencies of the Department of Trans-portation. 
(2) Managing a multi-modal research port-
folio within the Office of the Secretary will— 
(A) help identify opportunities where re-
search could be applied across modes; and 
(B) prevent duplication of efforts and waste 
of limited Federal resources. 
(3) An ombudsman for research at the De-
partment of Transportation will— 
(A) give stakeholders a formal opportunity 
to address concerns; 
(B) ensure unbiased research; and (C) improve the overall research products 
of the Department. 
(4) Increasing transparency of transpor-
tation research efforts will— 
(A) build stakeholder confidence in the 
final product; and 
(B) lead to the improved implementation 
of research findings. 
SEC. 31202. MODAL RESEARCH PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 15 of 
the year preceding the research fiscal year, the head of each modal administration and joint program office of the Department of Transportation shall submit a comprehen-sive annual modal research plan to the As-sistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology of the Department of Transportation (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’). 
(b) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1 
of each year, the Assistant Secretary, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.047 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5256 July 21, 2015 
each plan submitted pursuant to subsection 
(a), shall— 
(A) review the scope of the research; and (B)(i) approve the plan; or (ii) request that the plan be revised. (2) P
UBLICATIONS .—Not later than January 
30 of each year, the Secretary shall publish each plan that has been approved under para-graph (1)(B)(i) on a public website. 
(3) R
EJECTION OF DUPLICATIVE RESEARCH EF -
FORTS .—The Assistant Secretary may not 
approve any plan submitted by the head of a modal administration or joint program office pursuant to subsection (a) if such plan dupli-cates the research efforts of any other modal administration. 
(c) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No funds may 
be expended by the Department of Transpor-tation on research that has not previously been approved as part of a modal research plan approved by the Assistant Secretary un-less— 
(1) such research is required by an Act of 
Congress; 
(2) such research was part of a contract 
that was funded before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
(3) the Secretary of Transportation cer-
tifies to Congress that such research is nec-essary before theapproval of a modal re-search plan. 
(d) D
UPLICATIVE RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), no funds may be expended by the Department of Transportation on re-search projects that the Secretary identifies as duplicative under subsection(b)(3). 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
(A) updates to previously commissioned re-
search; 
(B) research commissioned to carry out an 
Act of Congress; or 
(C) research commissioned before the date 
of enactment of this Act. 
(e) C ERTIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally certify to Congress that— 
(A) each modal research plan has been re-
viewed; and 
(B) there is no duplication of study for re-
search directed, commissioned, or conducted by the Department of Transportation. 
(2) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the Sec-
retary, after submitting a certification under paragraph (1), identifies duplication of research within the Department of Transpor-tation, the Secretary shall— 
(A) notify Congress of the duplicative re-
search; and 
(B) submit a corrective action plan to Con-
gress that will eliminate such duplicative re-search. 
SEC. 31203. CONSOLIDATED RESEARCH PRO-
SPECTUS AND STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) P ROSPECTUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally publish, on a public website, a com-prehensive prospectus on all research projects conducted by the Department of Transportation, including, to the extent practicable, research funded through Univer-sity Transportation Centers. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The prospectus published 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) include the consolidated modal re-
search plans approved under section 1302; 
(B) describe the research objectives, 
progress, and allocated funds for each re-search project; 
(C) identify research projects with 
multimodal applications; 
(D) specify how relevant modal administra-
tions have assisted, will contribute to, or plan to use the findings from the research projects identified under paragraph (1); 
(E) identify areas in which multiple modal 
administrations are conducting research projects on similar subjects or subjects 
which have bearing on multiple modes; 
(F) describe the interagency and cross 
modal communication and coordination that has occurred to prevent duplication of re-search efforts within the Department of Transportation; 
(G) indicate how research is being dissemi-
nated to improve the efficiency and safety of transportation systems; 
(H) describe how agencies developed their 
research plans; and 
(I) describe the opportunities for public 
and stakeholder input. 
(b) F
UNDING REPORT .—In conjunction with 
each of the President’s annual budget re-quests under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to appropriate committees of Congress that describes— 
(1) the amount spent in the last completed 
fiscal year on transportation research and development; and 
(2) the amount proposed in the current 
budget for transportation research and de-velopment. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE PLANS AND REPORTS .—In 
the plans and reports submitted under sec-tions 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall include— 
(1) a summary of the Federal transpor-
tation research and development activities for the previous fiscal year in each topic area; 
(2) the amount spent in each topic area; (3) a description of the extent to which the 
research and development is meeting the ex-pectations set forth in subsection (d)(3)(A); and 
(4) any amendments to the strategic plan 
developed under subsection (d). 
(d) T
RANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT STRATEGIC PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a 5-year transportation research and development strategic plan to guide future Federal transportation research and develop-ment activities. 
(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall be consistent with— 
(A) section 306 of title 5, United States 
Code; 
(B) sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United 
States Code; and 
(C) any other research and development 
plan within the Department of Transpor-tation. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) describe the primary purposes of the 
transportation research and development program, which shall include— 
(i) promoting safety; (ii) reducing congestion; (iii) improving mobility; (iv) preserving the existing transportation 
system; 
(v) improving the durability and extending 
the life of transportation infrastructure; and 
(vi) improving goods movement; (B) for each of the purposes referred to in 
subparagraph (A), list the primary research and development topics that the Department of Transportation intends to pursue to ac-complish that purpose, which may include— 
(i) fundamental research in the physical 
and natural sciences; 
(ii) applied research; (iii) technology research; and (iv) social science research intended for 
each topic; and 
(C) for each research and development 
topic— 
(i) identify the anticipated annual funding 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
(ii) include any additional information the 
Department of Transportation expects to discover at the end of the period covered by 
the strategic plan as a result of the research and development in that topic area. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
(A) reflects input from a wide range of 
stakeholders; 
(B) includes and integrates the research 
and development programs of all the Depart-ment of Transportation’s modal administra-tions, including aviation, transit, rail, and maritime; and 
(C) takes into account how research and 
development by other Federal, State, private sector, and nonprofit institutions— 
(i) contributes to the achievement of the 
purposes identified under paragraph (3)(A); and 
(ii) avoids unnecessary duplication of such 
efforts. 
(e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER 5 OF TITLE 23.—Chapter 5 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 508; (B) in the table of contents, by striking the 
item relating to section 508; 
(C) in section 502— (i) in subsection (a)(9), by striking ‘‘trans-
portation research and technology develop-ment strategic plan developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and development strategic plan under sec-tion 31203 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘trans-
portation research and development stra-tegic plan of the Secretary developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(D) in section 512(b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508’’. 
(2) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS -
TEMS .—Section 5205 of the Intelligent Trans-
portation Systems Act of 1998 (23 U.S.C. 502 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘as part 
of the Surface Transportation Research and Development Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘as part of the transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or 
the Surface Transportation Research and De-velopment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the transportation re-search and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
(3) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM  
RESEARCH .—Subtitle C of title V of the Safe, 
Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transpor-tation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (23 U.S.C. 512 note) is amended— 
(A) in section 5305(h)(3)(A), by striking 
‘‘the strategic plan under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the 5- year transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in section 5307(c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or 
the surface transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the 5-year transportation research and development strategic plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.047 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5257 July 21, 2015 
under section 31203 of the Comprehensive 
Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 31204. RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle III is amended 
by inserting after chapter 63 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 65—RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘6501. Research ombudsman. 
‘‘§ 6501. Research ombudsman 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Research and Technology shall ap-point a career Federal employee to serve as Research Ombudsman. This appointment shall not diminish the authority of peer re-view of research. 
‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Research Om-
budsman appointed under subsection (a), to the extent practicable— 
‘‘(1) shall have a background in academic 
research and a strong understanding of sound study design; 
‘‘(2) shall develop a working knowledge of 
the stakeholder communities and research needs of the transportation field; and 
‘‘(3) shall not have served as a political ap-
pointee of the Department. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) A DDRESSING COMPLAINTS AND QUES -
TIONS .—The Research Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) receive complaints and questions 
about— 
‘‘(i) significant alleged omissions, impro-
prieties, and systemic problems; and 
‘‘(ii) excessive delays of, or within, a spe-
cific research project; and 
‘‘(B) evaluate and address the complaints 
and questions described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) P ETITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) R EVIEW .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall review petitions relating to— 
‘‘(i) conflicts of interest; ‘‘(ii) the study design and methodology; ‘‘(iii) assumptions and potential bias; ‘‘(iv) the length of the study; and ‘‘(v) the composition of any data sampled. ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSE TO PETITIONS .—The Re-
search Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(i) respond to relevant petitions within a 
reasonable period; 
‘‘(ii) identify deficiencies in the petition’s 
study design; and 
‘‘(iii) propose a remedy for such defi-
ciencies to the administrator of the modal administration responsible for completing the research project. 
‘‘(C) R
ESPONSE TO PROPOSED REMEDY .—The 
administrator of the modal administration charged with completing the research project shall respond to the proposed re-search remedy. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED REVIEWS .—The Research Om-
budsman shall evaluate the study plan for all statutorily required studies and reports be-fore the commencement of such studies to ensure that the research plan has an appro-priate sample size and composition to ad-dress the stated purpose of the study. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon the completion of 
each review under subsection (c), the Re-search Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing the results 
of such review to— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the head of the relevant modal admin-
istration; and 
‘‘(iii) the study or research leader; and ‘‘(B) publish such results on a public 
website, with the modal administration re-sponse required under subsection (c)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Each report required 
under this section shall be provided directly to the individuals described in paragraph (1) without any comment or amendment from the Secretary, the Deputy Secretary of Transportation, the head of any modal ad-
ministration of the Department, or any other officer or employee of the Department or the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT TO INSPECTOR GENERAL .—The 
Research Ombudsman shall submit any evi-dence of misfeasance, malfeasance, waste, fraud, or abuse uncovered during a review under this section to the Inspector General for further review. 
‘‘(f) R
EMOVAL .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall be subject to adverse employment ac-tion for misconduct or good cause in accord-ance with the procedures and grounds set forth in chapter 75 of title 5.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— The table of chapters for subtitle III 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 63 the following: ‘‘6501. Research ombudsman 
SEC. 31205. SMART CITIES TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a study of digital technologies and in-formation technologies, including shared mobility, data, transportation network com-panies, and on-demand transportation serv-ices— 
(1) to understand the degree to which cities 
are adopting these technologies; 
(2) to assess future planning, infrastruc-
ture and investment needs; and 
(3) to provide best practices to plan for 
smart cities in which information and tech-nology are used— 
(A) to improve city operations; (B) to grow the local economy; (C) to improve response in times of emer-
gencies and natural disasters; and 
(D) to improve the lives of city residents. (b) C
OMPONENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of the United States to plan for and invest in smart cities, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific infor-mation; and 
(2) review how the expanded use of digital 
technologies, mobile devices, and informa-tion may— 
(A) enhance the efficiency and effective-
ness of existing transportation networks; 
(B) optimize demand management services; (C) impact low-income and other disadvan-
taged communities; 
(D) assess opportunities to share, collect, 
and use data; 
(E) change current planning and invest-
ment strategies; and 
(F) provide opportunities for enhanced co-
ordination and planning. 
(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish the report containing the results of the study required under sub-section (a) to a public website. 
SEC. 31206. BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STA-
TISTICS INDEPENDENCE. 
Section 6302 is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(d) I NDEPENDENCE OF BUREAU .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall not be 
required— 
‘‘(A) to obtain the approval of any other of-
ficer or employee of the Department with re-spect to the collection or analysis of any in-formation; or 
‘‘(B) prior to publication, to obtain the ap-
proval of any other officer or employee of the United States Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases lawfully prepared by the Director. 
‘‘(2) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—The Director 
shall have final authority for the disposition and allocation of the Bureau’s authorized budget, including— ‘‘(A) all hiring, grants, cooperative agree-
ments, and contracts awarded by the Bureau to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) the disposition and allocation of 
amounts paid to the Bureau for cost-reim-bursable projects. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary shall di-
rect external support functions, such as the coordination of activities involving multiple modal administrations. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—In con-
sultation with the Chief Information Officer, the Director shall have the final authority in decisions regarding information technology in order to protect the confidentiality of in-formation provided solely for statistical pur-poses, in accordance with the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Effi-ciency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note).’’. 
SEC. 31207. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARIES ; GENERAL COUN -
SEL.—Section 102(e) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘5’’ and 
inserting ‘‘6’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘an 
Assistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology,’’ before ‘‘and an Assistant Sec-retary’’. 
(2) O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY OF THE DEPART -
MENT OF TRANSPORTATION .—Section 112 is re-
pealed. 
(3) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. 
(4) R
ESEARCH CONTRACTS .—Section 330 is 
amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘contracts ’’ and inserting ‘‘ activities ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
(C) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘R ESPON -
SIBILITIES .—’’ before ‘‘In carrying out’’; 
(D) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘P UBLI-
CATIONS .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; and 
‘‘(d) D UTIES .—The Secretary shall provide 
for the following: 
‘‘(1) Coordination, facilitation, and review 
of the Department’s research and develop-ment programs and activities. 
‘‘(2) Advancement, and research and devel-
opment, of innovative technologies, includ-ing intelligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(3) Comprehensive transportation statis-
tics research, analysis, and reporting. 
‘‘(4) Education and training in transpor-
tation and transportation-related fields. 
‘‘(5) Activities of the Volpe National 
Transportation Systems Center. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(1) enter into grants and cooperative 
agreements with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public enti-ties, private organizations, and other per-sons— 
‘‘(A) to conduct research into transpor-
tation service and infrastructure assurance; and 
‘‘(B) to carry out other research activities ‘‘(2) carry out, on a cost-shared basis, col-
laborative research and development to en-courage innovative solutions to multimodal transportation problems and stimulate the deployment of new technology with— 
‘‘(A) non-Federal entities, including State 
and local governments, foreign governments, institutions of higher education, corpora-tions, institutions, partnerships, sole propri-etorships, and trade associations that are in-corporated or established under the laws of any State; 
‘‘(B) Federal laboratories; and ‘‘(C) other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(3) directly initiate contracts, grants, co-
operative research and development agree-ments (as defined in section of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.047 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5258 July 21, 2015 
1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a)), and other agreements 
to fund, and accept funds from, the Trans-portation Research Board of the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences, State departments of transpor-tation, cities, counties, institutions of high-er education, associations, and the agents of those entities to carry out joint transpor-tation research and technology efforts. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Federal share of the cost of an activity carried out under subsection (e)(3) shall not exceed 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary deter-
mines that the activity is of substantial pub-lic interest or benefit, the Secretary may ap-prove a greater Federal share. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—All costs di-
rectly incurred by the non-Federal partners, including personnel, travel, facility, and hardware development costs, shall be cred-ited toward the non-Federal share of the cost of an activity described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(g) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—For fiscal years 2016 through 2021, 
the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for necessary expenses for administration and operations of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology for the coordina-tion, evaluation, and oversight of the pro-grams administered under this section. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY .—The research, 
development, or use of a technology under a contract, grant, cooperative research and de-velopment agreement, or other agreement entered into under this section, including the terms under which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the Ste-venson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
‘‘(i) W
AIVER OF ADVERTISING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— Section 6101 of title 41 shall not 
apply to a contract, grant, or other agree-ment entered into under this section.’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The item relating 
to section 330 in the table of contents of chapter is amended by striking ‘‘Contracts’’ and inserting ‘‘Activities’’. 
(6) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—Section 6302(a) is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be within 
the Department the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL III.—Section 5313 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.’’. 
(2) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator, Research and Inno-vative Tech ″nology Administration.’’. 
(3) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘(4)’’ in the undesignated item relating to 
Assistant Secretaries of Transportation and inserting ‘‘(5)’’ 
(4) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL V .—Section 5316 is 
amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
SEC. 31208. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5503 is repealed. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 55 is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
Subtitle C—Port Performance Act 
SEC. 31301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Port 
Performance Act’’. 
SEC. 31302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) America’s ports play a critical role in 
the Nation’s transportation supply chain network. 
(2) Reliable and efficient movement of 
goods through the Nation’s ports ensures that American goods are available to cus-tomers throughout the world. 
(3) Breakdowns in the transportation sup-
ply chain network, particularly at the Na-tion’s ports, can result in tremendous eco-nomic losses for agri culture, businesses, and retailers that rely on timely shipments. 
(4) A clear understanding of terminal and 
port productivity and throughput should help— 
(A) to identify freight bottlenecks; (B) to indicate performance and trends 
over time; and 
(C) to inform investment decisions. 
SEC. 31303. PORT PERFORMANCE FREIGHT STA-
TISTICS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 63 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall estab-
lish, on ‘‘behalf of the Secretary, a port per-formance statistics program to provide na-tionally consistent measures of performance of, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) the Nation’s top ports by tonnage; ‘‘(2) the Nation’s top ports by 20-foot equiv-
alent unit; and 
‘‘(3) the Nation’s top ports by dry bulk. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) P ORT CAPACITY AND THROUGHPUT .—Not 
‘‘later than January of each year, the Direc-tor shall submit an annual report to Con-gress that includes statistics on capacity and throughput at the ports described in sub-section (a). 
‘‘(2) P
ORT PERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The 
Director shall collect monthly port perform-ance measures for each of the United States ports referred to in subsection (a) that re-ceives Federal assistance or is subject to Federal regulation to submit an annual re-port to the Bureau of Transportation Statis-tics that includes monthly statistics on ca-pacity and throughput as applicable to the specific configuration of the port. 
‘‘(A) M
ONTHLY MEASURES .—The Director 
‘‘shall collect monthly measures, including— 
‘‘(i) the average number of lifts per hour of 
containers by crane; 
‘‘(ii) the average vessel turn time by vessel 
type; 
‘‘(iii) the average cargo or container dwell 
time; 
‘‘(iv) the average truck time at ports; ‘‘(v) the average rail time at ports; and ‘‘(vi) any additional metrics, as determined 
by the Director after receiving recommenda-tions from the working group established under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director may 
consider a modification to a metric under subparagraph (A) if the modification meets the intent of the section. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall ob-
tain recommendations for— 
‘‘(A) specifications and data measurements 
for the port performance measures listed in subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(B) additionally needed data elements for 
measuring port performance; and 
‘‘(C) a process for the Department of 
Transportation to collect timely and con-sistent data, including identifying safe-guards to protect proprietary information described in subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
‘‘(A) operating administrations of the De-
partment of Transportation; ‘‘(B) the Coast Guard; 
‘‘(C) the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(E) the Marine Transportation System National Advisory Council; ‘‘(F) the Army Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(G) the Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-
ment Corporation; 
‘‘(H) the Advisory Committee on Supply Chain Competitiveness; ‘‘(I) representative from the rail industry; ‘‘(J) representative from the trucking in-
dustry; 
‘‘(K) representative from the maritime 
shipping industry; 
‘‘(L) representative from a labor organiza-
tion for each industry described in subpara-graphs (I) through (K); 
‘‘(M) representative from a port authority; ‘‘(N) representative from a terminal oper-
ator; 
‘‘(O) representatives of the National 
Freight Advisory Committee of the Depart-ment; and 
‘‘(P) representatives of the Transportation 
Research Board of the National Academies. 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 
year after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the working group commissioned under this subsection shall submit its recommendations to the Director. 
‘‘(d) A
CCESS TO DATA.—The Director shall 
ensure that the statistics compiled under this section are readily accessible to the pub-lic, consistent with applicable security con-straints and confidentiality interests.’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN DISCLOSURES .— 
Section 6307(b)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’ each place it appears. 
(c) C
OPIES OF REPORTS .—Section 
6307(b)(2)(A) is amended by inserting ‘‘or sec-tion 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 206302(b)(3)(B)’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .— 
The table of contents for chapter 63 is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program.’’. 
TITLE XXXII—COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE AND DRIVER PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Compliance, Safety, and 
Accountability Reform 
SEC. 32001. CORRELATION STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
(1) the Safety Measurement System (re-
ferred to in this subtitle as ‘‘SMS’’); and 
(2) the Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
program (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘CSA program’’). 
(b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the 
study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a), the National Research Council— 
(1) shall analyze— (A) the accuracy with which the Behavior 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this subtitle as ‘‘BASIC’’) safety measures used by SMS— 
(i) identify high risk drivers and carriers; 
and 
(ii) predict or be correlated with future 
crash risk, crash severity, or other safety in-dicators for individual drivers, motor car-riers, and the highest risk carriers; 
(B) the methodology used to calculate 
BASIC percentiles and identify carriers for enforcement, including the weights assigned to particular violations, and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, in order to accurately identify and predict future crash risk for motor carriers; 
(C) the relative value of inspection infor-
mation and roadside enforcement data; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.047 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5259 July 21, 2015 
(D) any data collection gaps or data suffi-
ciency problems that may exist and the im-pact of those data gaps and insufficiencies on the efficacy of the CSA program; and 
(E) the accuracy of data processing; and (2) should consider— (A) whether the current SMS provides 
comparable precision and confidence for SMS alerts and percentiles for the relative crash risk of individual large and small motor carriers; 
(B) whether alternative systems would 
identify high risk carriers or identify high risk drivers and motor carriers more accu-rately; and 
(C) the recommendations and findings of 
the Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General, and independent review team reports issued before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report con-taining the results of the completed study to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; 
(3) the Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Transportation; and 
(4) the Comptroller General of the United 
States. 
(d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the Administrator submits a report under subsection (c) that identifies a defi-ciency or opportunity for improvement in the CSA program or in any element of SMS, the Administrator shall submit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that— 
(A) responds to the concerns highlighted 
by the report; 
(B) identifies how the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration will address such concerns; and 
(C) provides an estimate of the cost, in-
cluding changes in staffing, enforcement, and data collection necessary to implement the recommendations. 
(2) P
ROGRAM REFORMS .—The corrective ac-
tion plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an implementation plan that— 
(A) includes benchmarks; (B) includes programmatic reforms, revi-
sions to regulations, or proposals for legisla-tion; and 
(C) shall be considered in any rulemaking 
by the Department of Transportation that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS data sets or analysis. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 120 days after the Administrator issues a corrective action plan under subsection (d), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan 
implements— 
(A) recommendations contained in the re-
port submitted under subsection (c); and 
(B) recommendations issued by the Comp-
troller General or the Inspector General be-fore the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit a report to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the responsiveness of the corrective action plan to the recommenda-tions described in paragraph (1). 
(f) F
ISCAL LIMITATION .—The Administrator 
shall carry out the study required under this section using amounts appropriated to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-
tion and available for obligation and expend-iture as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32002. SAFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
incorporate a methodology into the CSA pro-gram or establish a third-party process to allow recognition, including credit, improved score, or by establishing a safety BASIC in SMS for safety technology, tools, programs, and systems approved by the Administrator through the qualification process developed under subsection (b) that exceed regulatory requirements or are used to enhance safety performance, including— 
(1) the installation of qualifying advanced 
safety equipment, such as— 
(A) collision mitigation systems; (B) lane departure warnings; 
(C) speed limiters; (D) electronic logging devices; (E) electronic stability control; (F) critical event recorders; and (G) strengthening rear guards and 
sideguards for underride protection; 
(2) the use of enhanced driver fitness meas-
ures that exceed current regulatory require-ments, such as— 
(A) additional new driver training; (B) enhanced and ongoing driver training; 
and 
(C) remedial driver training to address spe-
cific deficiencies as identified in roadside in-spection or enforcement reports; 
(3) the adoption of qualifying administra-
tive fleet safety management tools tech-nologies, driver performance and behavior management technologies, and programs; and 
(4) technologies and measures identified 
through the process described in subsection (c). 
(b) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Administrator, 
through a notice and comment process, shall develop technical or other performance standards for technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers that will qualify for credit under this section. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In modi-
fying the CSA program under subsection (a), the Administrator, through notice and com-ment, shall develop a process for identifying and reviewing other technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers to improve safety perform-ance that— 
(1) provides for a petition for reviewing 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; 
(2) seeks input and participation from in-
dustry stakeholders, including drivers, tech-nology manufacturers, vehicle manufactur-ers, motor carriers, enforcement commu-nities, and safety advocates, and the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee; and 
(3) includes technology, advanced safety 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems with a date certain for future statutory or regulatory implementation. 
(d) S
AFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS USE AND  
VERIFICATION .—The Administrator, through 
notice and comment process, shall develop a process for— 
(1) providing recognition or credit within a 
motor carrier’s SMS score for the installa-tion and use of measures in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a); 
(2) ensuring that the safety improvement 
metrics developed under this section are pre-sented with other SMS data; 
(3) verifying the installation or use of such 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-
grams, or systems; 
(4) modifying or removing recognition or 
credit upon verification of noncompliance with this section; 
(5) ensuring that the credits or recognition 
referred to in paragraph (1) reflect the safety improvement anticipated as a result of the installation or use of the specific tech-nology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measure, tool, pro-gram, or system; 
(6) verifying the deployment and use of 
qualifying equipment or management sys-tems by a motor carrier through a certifi-cation from the vehicle manufacturer, the system or service provider, the insurance carrier, or through documents submitted by the motor carrier to the Department of Transportation; 
(7) annually reviewing the list of quali-
fying safety technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems; and 
(8) removing systems mandated by law or 
regulation, or if such systems demonstrate a lack of efficacy, from the list of qualifying technologies, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems eligible for credit under the CSA program. 
(e) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
Administrator shall maintain a public website that contains information regard-ing— 
(1) the technology, advanced safety equip-
ment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems eligible for cred-it and improved scores; 
(2) any petitions for study of the tech-
nology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; and 
(3) statistics and information relating to 
the use of such technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems. 
(f) P
UBLIC REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the establishment of the Safety Im-provement Metrics System (referred to in this section as ‘‘SIMS’’) under this section, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall publish, on a public website, a report that identifies— 
(1) the types of technology, advanced safe-
ty equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems that are el-igible for credit; 
(2) the number of instances in which each 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measure, tool, pro-gram, or system is used; 
(3) the number of motor carriers, and a de-
scription of the carrier’s fleet size, that re-ceived recognition or credit under the modi-fied CSA program; and 
(4) the pre- and post-adoption safety per-
formance of the motor carriers described in paragraph (3). 
(g) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RE-
SPONSIBILITY .—The Administrator shall en-
sure that the activities described in sub-sections (a) through (f) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(h) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the implementation of SIMS under this section, the Administrator shall conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of SIMS by reviewing the impacts of SIMS on— 
(A) law enforcement, commercial drivers 
and motor carriers, and motor carrier safety; and 
(B) safety and adoption of new tech-
nologies. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 months 
after the implementation of the program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5260 July 21, 2015 
the Administrator shall submit a report to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes— 
(A) the results of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration plans to take to mod-ify the demonstration program based on such results. 
(i) U
SE OF ESTIMATES OF SAFETY EF-
FECTS .—In conducting regulatory impact 
analyses for rulemakings relating to the technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems selected for credit under the CSA program, the Administrator, to the extent practicable, shall use the data gath-ered under this section and appropriate sta-tistical methodology, including sufficient sample sizes, composition, and appropriate comparison groups, including representative motor carriers of all sizes, to estimate the effects on safety performance and reduction in the number and severity of accidents with qualifying technology, advanced safety equipment, tools, programs, and systems. 
(j) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to provide the Ad-ministrator with additional authority to change the requirements for the operation of a commercial motor vehicle. 
SEC. 32003. DATA CERTIFICATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Beginning not later than 1 
day after the date of enactment of this Act, none of the analysis of violation informa-tion, enforcement prioritization, not-at-fault crashes, alerts, or the relative percentile for each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Im-provement Category developed through the CSA program may be made available to the general public (including through requests under section 552 of title 5, United States Code), but violation and inspection informa-tion submitted by the States may be pre-sented, until the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation certifies that— 
(1) any deficiencies identified in the cor-
relation study required under section 32001 have been addressed; 
(2) the corrective action plan has been im-
plemented and the concerns raised by the correlation study under section 32001 have been addressed; 
(3) the Administrator has fully imple-
mented or satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the February 2014 GAO report enti-tled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Ac-countability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ (GAO–14–114), which called into question the accuracy and completeness of safety per-formance calculations; 
(4) the study required under section 32001 
has been published on a public website; and 
(5) the CSA program has been modified in 
accordance with section 32002. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF CSA A NALYSIS .— 
The analysis of violation information, en-forcement prioritization, alerts, or the rel-ative percentile for each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Category developed through the CSA program within the SMS system may not be used for safety fitness de-terminations until the requirements under subsection (a) have been satisfied. 
(c) C
ONTINUED PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF  
DATA.—Inspection and violation information 
submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration by commercial motor ve-hicle inspectors and qualified law enforce-ment officials shall remain available for pub-lic viewing. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the limi-
tations set forth in subsections (a) and (b)— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration and State and local commercial motor vehicle enforcement agencies may only use the information referred to in sub-section (a) for purposes of investigation and enforcement prioritization; 
(B) motor carriers and commercial motor 
vehicle drivers may access information re-ferred to in subsection (a) that relates di-rectly to the motor carrier or driver, respec-tively; and 
(C) the data analysis of motorcoach opera-
tors may be provided online, with a notation indicating that the ratings or alerts listed are not intended to imply any Federal safety rating of the carrier. 
(2) N
OTATION .—The notation described 
under paragraph (1)(C) shall include: ‘‘Read-ers should not draw conclusions about a car-rier’s overall safety condition simply based on the data displayed in this system. Unless a motor carrier has received an UNSATIS-FACTORY safety rating under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or has otherwise been ordered to discontinue oper-ations by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, it is authorized to operate on the Nation’s roadways.’’. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraphs 
(A) and (B) of paragraph (1) may be con-strued to restrict the official use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforcement personnel. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification proc-
ess described in subsection (a) shall occur concurrently with the implementation of SIMS under section 32002. 
(f) C
OMPLETION .—The Secretary shall mod-
ify the CSA program in accordance with sec-tion 32002 not later than year after the date of completion of the report described in sec-tion 32001(c). 
SEC. 32004. DATA IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) F UNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop functional specifications to ensure the con-sistent and accurate input of data into sys-tems and databases relating to the CSA pro-gram. 
(b) F
UNCTIONALITY .—The specifications de-
veloped pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(1) shall provide for the hardcoding and 
smart logic functionality for roadside in-spection data collection systems and data-bases; and 
(2) shall be made available to public and 
private sector developers. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATA MANAGEMENT .—The 
Administrator shall ensure that internal sys-tems and databases accept and effectively manage data using uniform standards. 
(d) C
ONSULTATION WITH THE STATES .—Be-
fore implementing the functional specifica-tions described in subsection (a) or the standards described in subsection (c), the Ad-ministrator shall seek input from the State agencies responsible for enforcing section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 32005. ACCIDENT REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator shall ini-
tiate a demonstration program that allows motor carriers and drivers to request a re-view of crashes, and the removal of crash data for use in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s safety measurement system of crashes, and removal from any weighting, or carrier safety analysis, if the commercial motor vehicle was operated le-gally and another motorist in connection with the crash is found— 
(1) to have been driving under the influ-
ence; 
(2) to have been driving the wrong direc-
tion on a roadway; (3) to have struck the commercial motor 
vehicle in the rear; 
(4) to have struck the commercial motor 
vehicle which was legally stopped; 
(5) by the investigating officer or agency to 
have been responsible for the crash; or 
(6) to have committed other violations de-
termined by the Administrator. 
(b) D
OCUMENTS .—As part of a request for 
review under subsection (a), the motor car-rier or driver shall submit a copy of avail-able police reports, crash investigations, ju-dicial actions, insurance claim information, and any related court actions submitted by each party involved in the accident. 
(c) S
OLICITATION OF OTHER INFORMATION .— 
Following a notice and comment period, the Administrator may solicit other types of in-formation to be collected under subsection (b) to facilitate appropriate reviews under this section. 
(d) E
VALUATION .—The Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration shall review the information submitted under subsections (b) and (c). 
(e) R
ESULTS .—Subject to subsection (h)(2), 
the results of the review under subsection (a)— 
(1) shall be used to recalculate the motor 
carrier’s crash BASIC percentile; and 
(2) if the carrier is determined not to be re-
sponsible for the crash incident, such infor-mation, shall be reflected on the website of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration. 
(f) F
EESYSTEM .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator 
may establish a fee system, in accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, in which a motor carrier is charged a fee for each review of a crash requested by such motor carrier under this section. 
(2) D
ISPOSITION OF FEES .—Fees collected 
under this section— 
(A) may be credited to the Department of 
Transportation appropriations account for purpose of carrying out this section; and 
(B) shall be used to fully fund the oper-
ation of the review program authorized under this section. 
(g) R
EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not earlier than 
2 years after the establishment of the dem-onstration program under this section, the Administrator shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the internal crash 
review program to determine if other crash types should be included; and 
(2) submit a report to Congress that de-
scribes— 
(A) the number of crashes reviewed; (B) the number of crashes for which the 
commercial motor vehicle operator was de-termined not to be at fault; and 
(C) relevant information relating to the 
program, including the cost to operate the program and the fee structure established. 
(h) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RE-
SPONSIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
ensure that the activities described in sub-sections (a) through (d) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(2) R
EVIEWS INVOLVING FATALITIES .—If a re-
view under subsection (a) involves a fatality, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall audit and certify the review prior to making any changes under subsection (e). 
SEC. 32006. POST-ACCIDENT REPORT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group— 
(1) to review the data elements of post-ac-
cident reports, for tow-away accidents in-volving commercial motor vehicles, that are reported to the Federal Government; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5261 July 21, 2015 
(2) to report to the Secretary its findings 
and any recommendations, including best practices for State post-accident reports to achieve the data elements described in sub-section (c). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—Not less than 51 percent 
of the working group should be composed of individuals representing the States or State law enforcement officials. The remaining members of the working group shall rep-resent industry, labor, safety advocates, and other interested parties. 
(c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group 
shall consider requiring additional data ele-ments, including— 
(1) the primary cause of the accident, if the 
primary cause can be determined; 
(2) the physical characteristics of the com-
mercial motor vehicle and any other vehicle involved in the accident, including— 
(A) the vehicle configuration; (B) the gross vehicle weight if the weight 
can be readily determined; 
(C) the number of axles; and (D) the distance between axles, if the dis-
tance can be readily determined; and 
(3) any data elements that could con-
tribute to the appropriate consideration of requests under section 32005. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review the findings of the working 
group; 
(2) identify the best practices for State 
post-accident reports that are reported to the Federal Government, including identi-fying the data elements that should be col-lected following a tow-away commercial motor vehicle accident; and 
(3) recommend to the States the adoption 
of new data elements to be collected fol-lowing reportable commercial motor vehicle accidents. 
SEC. 32007. RECOGNIZING EXCELLENCE IN SAFE-
TY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a program to publicly recognize motor carriers and drivers whose safety records and programs exceed compliance with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration’s safety regulations and dem-onstrate clear and outstanding safety prac-
tices. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION .—The program established 
under subsection (a) may not be deemed to be an endorsement of, or a preference for, motor carriers or drivers recognized under the program. 
SEC. 32008. HIGH RISK CARRIER REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After the completion of 
the certification under section 32003 of this Act, and the establishment of the Safety Fit-ness Determination program, the Secretary shall ensure that a review is completed on each motor carrier that demonstrates through performance data that it poses the highest safety risk. At a minimum, a review shall be conducted whenever a motor carrier is among the highest risk carriers for con-secutive months. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the completion of the certification under section 32003 of this Act and the establish-ment of the Safety Fitness Determination program, the Secretary shall post on a public website a report on the actions the Secretary has taken to comply with this section, in-cluding the number of high risk carriers identified and the high risk carriers re-viewed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4138 
of the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (49 U.S.C. 31144 note) is repealed. 
Subtitle B—Transparency and Accountability 
SEC. 32201. RULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, if the Sec-retary determines that a significant number 
of crashes are not covered by the current minimum insurance requirements, the Sec-retary shall commence a rulemaking to de-termine whether to increase the minimum levels of financial responsibility required under section 31139 of title 49, United States Code, for a motor carrier to transport prop-erty. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In considering a no-
tice of proposed rulemaking or final rule to increase the minimum levels of financial re-sponsibility under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall identify and consider— 
(1) current State insurance requirements; (2) the differences between the State insur-
ance requirements identified under para-graph (1) and Federal requirements; 
(3) the amount of an insurance claim at the 
current minimum levels of financial respon-sibility that is applied toward— 
(A) medical care; (B) compensation; or (C) other identifiable costs of a claim; and (4) the frequency in which an insurance 
claim exceeds the current minimum levels of financial responsibility, including, to the ex-tent practicable, unsealed verdicts and set-tlements. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING .—If the Secretary com-
mences a rulemaking under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in the rule-making— 
(1) an estimate of the regulation’s impact 
on— 
(A) the safety of motor vehicle transpor-
tation; 
(B) the economic condition of the motor 
carrier industry, including small and minor-ity motor carriers and independent owner- operators; 
(C) the ability of the insurance industry to 
provide the required amount of insurance; and 
(D) the ability of the minimum insurance 
level to cover the full cost of injuries, com-pensatory damages, and fatalities; and 
(2) an estimate of the effects an increase in 
the minimum levels of financial responsi-bility would have on— 
(A) small motor carriers; (B) insurance premiums for motor carriers, 
including small and minority motor carriers and independent owner-operators; and 
(C) the availability of insurance to meet 
the minimum levels of financial responsi-bility. 
SEC. 32202. PETITIONS FOR REGULATORY RE-
LIEF. 
(a) A PPLICATIONS FOR REGULATORY RE-
LIEF.—Notwithstanding subpart C of part 381 
of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary shall allow an applicant rep-resenting a class or group of motor carriers to apply for a specific exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for commercial motor vehicle drivers. 
(b) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish the procedures for the application for and the review of an exemption under sub-section (a). 
(2) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of an application for an exemption, the Secretary shall publish the application in the Federal Register and provide the public with an opportunity to comment. 
(3) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each application shall be 
available for public comment for a 30-day pe-riod, but the Secretary may extend the op-portunity for public comment for up to 60 days if it is a significant or complex request. 
(B) R
EVIEW .—Beginning on the date that 
the public comment period under subpara-graph (A) ends, the Secretary shall have 60 days to review all of the comments received. (4) D
ETERMINATION .—At the end of the 60- 
day period under paragraph (3)(B), the Sec-retary shall publish a determination in the Federal Register, including— 
(A) the reason for granting or denying the 
application; and 
(B) if the application is granted— (i) the specific class of persons eligible for 
the exemption; 
(ii) each provision of the regulations to 
which the exemption applies; and 
(iii) any conditions or limitations applied 
to the exemption. 
(5) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a deter-
mination whether to grant or deny an appli-cation for an exemption, the Secretary shall consider the safety impacts of the request and may provide appropriate conditions or limitations on the use of the exemption. 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY FOR RESUBMISSION .—If an 
application is denied and the applicant can reasonably address the reason for the denial, the Secretary may allow the applicant to re-submit the application. 
(d) P
ERIOD OF APPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) of this subsection and sub-section (f), each exemption granted under this section shall be valid for a period of 5 years unless the Secretary identifies a com-pelling reason for a shorter exemption pe-riod. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—At the end of the 5-year pe-
riod under paragraph (1)— 
(A) the Secretary, at the Secretary’s dis-
cretion, may renew the exemption for an ad-ditional 5-year period; or 
(B) an applicant may apply under sub-
section (a) for a permanent exemption from each applicable provision of the regulations. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—No exemption under this 
section may be granted to or used by any motor carrier that has an unsatisfactory or conditional safety fitness determination. 
(f) P
ERMANENT EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
permanent the following limited exceptions: 
(A) Department of Defense Military Sur-
face Deployment and Distribution Command transport of weapons, munitions, and sen-sitive classified cargo as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 20556). 
(B) Department of Energy transport of se-
curity-sensitive radioactive materials as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 22, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 35703). 
(C) Motor carriers that transport haz-
ardous materials shipments requiring secu-rity plans under regulations of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on May 1, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 25004). 
(D) Perishable construction products as 
published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 2, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 17819). 
(E) Passenger vehicle record of duty status 
change as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 4, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 31961). 
(F) Transport of commercial bee hives as 
published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 19, 2018. (80 Fed. Reg. 35425). 
(G) Specialized carriers and drivers respon-
sible for transporting loads requiring special permits as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 18, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34957). 
(H) Safe transport of livestock as published 
in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 33584). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may make any temporary exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, for commercial motor vehicle drivers that is in effect on the date of enactment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5262 July 21, 2015 
this Act permanent if the Secretary deter-
mines that the permanent exemption will not degrade safety. The Secretary shall pro-vide public notice and comment on a list of the additional temporary exemptions to be made permanent under this paragraph. 
(3) R
EVOCATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may revoke an exemption issued under this section if the Secretary can dem-onstrate that the exemption has had a nega-tive impact on safety. 
SEC. 32203. INSPECTOR STANDARDS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration shall revise the regulations under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as necessary, to incorporate by ref-erence the certification standards for road-side inspectors issued by the Commercial Ve-hicle Safety Alliance. 
SEC. 32204. TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall con-duct a comprehensive analysis on the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s information technology and data collection and management systems. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) evaluate the efficacy of the existing in-
formation technology, data collection, proc-essing systems, and data management sys-tems and programs, including their inter-action with each other and their efficacy in meeting user needs; 
(2) identify any redundancies among the 
systems and programs described in para-graph (1); 
(3) explore the feasibility of consolidating 
data collection and processing systems; 
(4) evaluate the ability of the systems and 
programs described in paragraph (1) to meet the needs of— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration, at both the headquarters and State level; 
(B) the State agencies that implement the 
Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) other users; (5) evaluate the adaptability of the sys-
tems and programs described in paragraph (1), in order to make necessary future changes to ensure user needs are met in an easier, timely, and more cost efficient man-ner; 
(6) investigate and make recommendations 
regarding— 
(A) deficiencies in existing data sets im-
pacting program effectiveness; and 
(B) methods to improve any and all user 
interfaces; and 
(7) evaluate the appropriate role the Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration should take with respect to software and in-formation systems design, development, and maintenance for the purpose of improving the efficacy of the systems and programs de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle C—Trucking Rules Updated by 
Comprehensive and Key Safety Reform 
SEC. 32301. UPDATE ON STATUTORY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (5), the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the status of a final rule for— (1) the minimum entry-level training re-
quirements for an individual operating a commercial motor vehicle under section 31305(c) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) motor carrier safety fitness determina-
tions; 
(3) visibility of agricultural equipment 
under section 31601 of division C of the Mov-ing Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note); 
(4) regulations to require commercial 
motor vehicles in interstate commerce and operated by a driver subject to the hours of service and record of duty status require-ments under part 395 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, be equipped with an elec-tronic control module capable of limiting the maximum speed of the vehicle; and 
(5) any outstanding commercial motor ve-
hicle safety regulation required by law and incomplete for more than 2 years. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-
section (a) shall include a description of the work plan, an updated rulemaking timeline, current staff allocations, any resource con-straints, and any other details associated with the development of the rulemaking. 
SEC. 32302. STATUTORY RULEMAKING. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration resources for the completion of each outstanding statutory re-quirement for a rulemaking before beginning any new rulemaking unless the Secretary certifies to Congress that there is an immi-nent and significant safety need to move for-ward with a new rulemaking. 
SEC. 32303. GUIDANCE REFORM. 
(a) G UIDANCE .— 
(1) P OINT OF CONTACT .—Each guidance doc-
ument, other than a regulatory action, issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall have a date of publica-tion or a date of revision, as applicable, and the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration who can respond to ques-tions regarding the general applicability of the guidance. 
(2) P
UBLIC ACCESSIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each guidance document 
and interpretation issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on the Department of Transpor-tation’s public website on the date of issuance. 
(B) R
EDACTION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion may redact from a guidance document or interpretation under subparagraph (A) any information that would reveal investiga-tive techniques that would compromise Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration enforcement efforts. 
(3) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date that a guidance document is published under paragraph (2) or during the comprehensive review under subsection (c), whichever is earlier, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall re-vise the applicable regulations to incor-porate the guidance document to the extent practicable. 
(4) R
EISSUANCE .—If a guidance document is 
not incorporated into the applicable regula-tions under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall— 
(A) reissue an updated guidance document; 
and 
(B) review and reissue an updated guidance 
document every 5 years during the com-prehensive review process under subsection (c) until the date that the guidance docu-ment is removed or incorporated into the ap-plicable regulations under paragraph (3) of this subsection. (b) U
PDATE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall review regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies published on the Department of Transportation’s public website to ensure the regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies are current, readily accessible to the public, and meet the stand-ards under subsection (c)(1). 
(c) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
not less than once every 5 years, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall conduct a comprehen-sive review of its guidance and enforcement policies to determine whether— 
(A) the guidance and enforcement policies 
are consistent and clear; 
(B) the guidance is uniformly and consist-
ently enforceable; and 
(C) the guidance is still necessary. (2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to begin-
ning the review, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment soliciting input from stakeholders on which regulations should be updated or eliminated. 
(3) P
RIORITIZATION OF OUTSTANDING PETI -
TIONS .—As part of the review under para-
graph (1), the Administrator shall prioritize consideration of each outstanding petition (as defined in section 32304(b) of this Act) submitted by a stakeholder for rulemaking. 
(4) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date that a review under paragraph (1) is complete, the Administrator shall pub-lish on the Department of Transportation’s public website a report detailing the review and a full inventory of guidance and enforce-ment policies. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under subpara-
graph (A) of this paragraph shall include a summary of the response of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to each comment received under paragraph (2) indi-cating each request the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration is granting. 
SEC. 32304. PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall— 
(1) publish on the Department of Transpor-
tation’s public website all petitions for regu-latory action submitted; 
(2) prioritize stakeholder petitions based 
on the likelihood of providing safety im-provements; 
(3) formally respond to each petition by in-
dicating whether the Administrator will ac-cept, deny, or further review, the petition not later than 180 days after the date the pe-tition is published under paragraph (1); 
(4) prioritize resulting actions consistent 
with an action’s potential to reduce crashes, improve enforcement, and reduce unneces-sary burdens; and 
(5) not later than 60 days after the date of 
receipt, publish, and update as necessary, on the Department of Transportation’s public website an inventory of the petitions de-scribed in paragraph (1), including any appli-cable disposition information for that peti-tion. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF PETITION .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for new regulations, regulatory interpreta-tions or clarifications, or retrospective re-view of regulations to eliminate or modify obsolete, ineffective, or overly-burdensome rules. 
SEC. 32305. REGULATORY REFORM. 
(a) R EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Within each regulatory 
impact analysis of a proposed or final rule issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the Secretary shall when-ever practicable— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5263 July 21, 2015 
(A) consider effects of the proposed or final 
rule on a carrier with differing characteris-tics; and 
(B) formulate estimates and findings on 
the best available science. 
(2) S
COPE.—To the extent feasible and ap-
propriate, and consistent with law, the anal-ysis described in paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) use data generated from a representa-
tive sample of commercial vehicle operators, motor carriers, or both, that will be covered under the proposed or final rule; and 
(B) consider effects on commercial truck 
and bus carriers of various sizes and types. 
(b) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before promulgating a 
proposed rule under part B of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the proposed rule is likely to lead to the promulgation of a major rule the Secretary shall— 
(A) issue an advance notice of proposed 
rulemaking; or 
(B) determine to proceed with a negotiated 
rulemaking. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each advance notice of 
proposed rulemaking issued under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) identify the compelling public concern 
for a potential regulatory action, such as failures of private markets to protect or im-prove ″the safety of the public, the environ-
ment, or the well-being of the American peo-ple; 
(B) identify and request public comment on 
the best available science or technical infor-mation on the need for regulatory action and on the potential regulatory alternatives; 
(C) request public comment on the benefits 
and costs of potential regulatory alter-natives reasonably likely to be included or analyzed as part of the notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
(D) request public comment on the avail-
able alternatives to direct regulation, in-cluding providing economic incentives to en-courage the desired behavior. 
(3) W
AIVER .—This subsection shall not 
apply when the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) an advance notice of proposed rulemaking impracticable, un-necessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to limit the contents of any Advance Notice of Proposed Rule-making. 
Subtitle D—State Authorities 
SEC. 32401. EMERGENCY ROUTE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group to determine best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recov-ery. 
(2) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives from— 
(A) State highway transportation depart-
ments or agencies; 
(B) relevant modal agencies within the De-
partment of Transportation; 
(C) emergency response or recovery ex-
perts; 
(D) relevant safety groups; and (E) persons affected by special permit re-
strictions during emergency response and re-covery efforts. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining best 
practices under subsection (a), the working group shall consider whether— 
(1) hurdles currently exist that prevent the 
expeditious State approval for special per-mits for vehicles involved in emergency re-sponse and recovery; (2) it is possible to pre-identify and estab-
lish emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair mate-rials could be delivered following a natural disaster or an emergency; 
(3) a State could pre-designate an emer-
gency route identified under paragraph (1) as a certified emergency route if a motor vehi-cle that exceeds the otherwise applicable Federal and State truck length or width lim-its may safely operate along such route dur-ing period of emergency recovery; and 
(4) an online map could be created to iden-
tify each pre-designated emergency route under paragraph (2), including information on specific limitations, obligations, and noti-fication requirements along that route. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit to the Secretary a re-port of its findings under this section and any recommendations for the implementa-tion of the best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency recovery. Upon re-ceipt, the Secretary shall publish the report on a public website. 
(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 32402. ADDITIONAL STATE AUTHORITY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, any State impacted by section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) shall be provided the option to update the routes listed in the final list as long as the update shifts routes to divided highways or does not increase cen-terline miles by more than 5 percent and the change is expected to increase safety per-formance. 
SEC. 32403. COMMERCIAL DRIVER ACCESS. 
(a) I NTERSTATE COMPACT PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion may establish a 6-year pilot program to study the feasibility, benefits, and safety im-pacts of allowing a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. 
(2) I
NTERSTATE COMPACTS .—The Secretary 
shall allow States, including the District of Columbia, to enter into an interstate com-pact with contiguous States to allow a li-censed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a motor vehicle across the applicable State lines. The Secretary shall approve as many as 3 interstate compacts, with no more than 4 States per compact participating in each interstate compact. 
(3) M
UTUAL RECOGNITION OF LICENSES .—A 
valid intrastate commercial driver’s licenses issued by a State participating in an inter-state compact under paragraph (2) shall be recognized as valid not more than 100 air miles from the border of the driver’s State of licensure in each State that is participating in that interstate compact. 
(4) S
TANDARDS .—In developing an inter-
state compact under this subsection, partici-pating States shall provide for minimum li-censure standards acceptable for interstate travel under this section, which may include, for a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program— 
(A) age restrictions; (B) distance from origin (measured in air 
miles); 
(C) reporting requirements; or (D) additional hours of service restrictions. (5) L
IMITATIONS .—An interstate compact 
under paragraph (2) may not permit special configuration or hazardous cargo operations to be transported by a licensed driver under 
the age of 21. 
(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary may— 
(A) prescribe such additional requirements, 
including training, for a licensed driver be-tween the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program as the Secretary considers necessary; and 
(B) provide risk mitigation restrictions 
and limitations. 
(b) A
PPROVAL .—An interstate compact 
under subsection (a)(2) may not go into ef-fect until it has been approved by the gov-ernor of each State (or the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia, if applicable) that is a party to the interstate compact, after con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation and the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
(c) D
ATACOLLECTION .—The Secretary shall 
collect and analyze data relating to acci-dents (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) in which a driv-er under the age 21 of participating in the pilot program is involved. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Beginning 3 years after the 
date the first compact is established and ap-proved, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the data collection and findings of the pilot program, a deter-mination of whether a licensed driver be-tween the ages of 18 and 21 can operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate com-merce with an equivalent level of safety, and the reasons for that determination. The Sec-retary may extend the air mileage require-ments under subsection (a)(3) to expand oper-ation areas and gather additional data for analysis. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may ter-
minate the pilot program if the data col-lected under subsection (c) indicates that drivers under the age of 21 do not operate in interstate commerce with an equivalent level of safety of those drivers age 21 and over. 
Subtitle E—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
SEC. 32501. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31101 is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
(4) ‘‘‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of 
Transportation.’’. 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 31101, as amended by sub-
section (a), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘passengers’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘of 
Transportation’’. 
SEC. 32502. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Section 31102 is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘§ 31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a motor carrier safety assistance program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) G
OAL.—The goal of the program is to 
ensure that the Secretary, States, local gov-ernments, other political jurisdictions, fed-erally-recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish pro-grams to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation sys-tem— 
‘‘(1) by making targeted investments to 
promote safe commercial motor vehicle transportation, including the transportation of passengers and hazardous materials; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5264 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) by investing in activities likely to 
generate maximum reductions in the number and severity of commercial motor vehicle crashes and fatalities resulting from such crashes; 
‘‘(3) by adopting and enforcing effective 
motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(4) by assessing and improving statewide 
performance by setting program goals and meeting performance standards, measures, and benchmarks. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe procedures for a State to submit a multiple-year plan, and annual updates thereto, under which the State agrees to as-sume responsibility for improving motor car-rier safety, adopting and enforcing compat-ible regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government on commercial motor vehicle safety and hazardous materials transportation safety. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove a plan if the Secretary determines that the plan is adequate to comply with the re-quirements of this section, and the plan— 
‘‘(A) implements performance-based activi-
ties, including deployment and maintenance of technology to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of commercial motor vehicle safety programs; 
‘‘(B) designates a lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan throughout the State; 
‘‘(C) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency has or will have the legal au-thority, resources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, stand-ards, and orders; 
‘‘(D) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the State will devote adequate resources to the administration of the plan and enforce-ment of the regulations, standards, and or-ders; 
‘‘(E) provides a right of entry and inspec-
tion to carry out the plan; 
‘‘(F) provides that all reports required 
under this section be available to the Sec-retary on request; 
‘‘(G) provides that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the reporting requirements and use the forms for recordkeeping, inspections, and in-vestigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
‘‘(H) requires all registrants of commercial 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of applicable safety regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government and the State; 
‘‘(I) provides that the State will grant 
maximum reciprocity for inspections con-ducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally- accepted system that allows ready identi-fication of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(J) ensures that activities described in 
subsection (h), if financed through grants to the State made under this section, will not diminish the effectiveness of the develop-ment and implementation of the programs to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety as described in sub-section (b); 
‘‘(K) ensures that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will coordi-nate the plan, data collection, and informa-tion systems with the State highway safety improvement program required under sec-tion 148(c) of title 23; 
‘‘(L) ensures participation in appropriate 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion information technology and data sys-tems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdictions receiving Motor 
Carrier Safety Assistance Program funding; 
‘‘(M) ensures that information is ex-
changed among the States in a timely man-ner; 
‘‘(N) provides satisfactory assurances that 
the State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traffic safety laws and regulations related to commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(O) provides satisfactory assurances in 
the plan that the State will address national priorities and performance goals, including— 
‘‘(i) activities aimed at removing impaired 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the highways of the United States through ade-quate enforcement of regulations on the use 
of alcohol and controlled substances and by ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol de-tection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an ap-
propriate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employees on recognizing drivers im-paired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
‘‘(iii) when conducted with an appropriate 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, crimi-nal interdiction activities, and appropriate strategies for carrying out those interdiction activities, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined under section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and republished from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(P) provides that the State has estab-
lished and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
‘‘(i) the State collects and reports to the 
Secretary accurate, complete, and timely motor carrier safety data; and 
‘‘(ii) the State participates in a national 
motor carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(Q) ensures that the State will cooperate 
in the enforcement of financial responsi-bility requirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 of this title, and regulations issued under these sections; 
‘‘(R) ensures consistent, effective, and rea-
sonable sanctions; 
‘‘(S) ensures that roadside inspections will 
be conducted at locations that are adequate to protect the safety of drivers and enforce-ment personnel; 
‘‘(T) provides that the State will include in 
the training manuals for the licensing exam-ination to drive both noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles in-formation on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and com-mercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(U) provides that the State will enforce 
the registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 of this title by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be op-erated by a motor carrier without a registra-tion issued under those sections or to be op-erated beyond the scope of the motor car-rier’s registration; 
‘‘(V) provides that the State will conduct 
comprehensive and highly visible traffic en-forcement and commercial motor vehicle safety inspection programs in high-risk loca-tions and corridors; 
‘‘(W) except in the case of an imminent 
hazard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting pas-sengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a station, terminal, border crossing, maintenance facility, destination, or other location where adequate food, shel-ter, and sanitation facilities are available for passengers, and reasonable accommodations are available for passengers with disabilities; ‘‘(X) ensures that the State will transmit 
to its roadside inspectors the notice of each Federal exemption granted under section 31315(b) of this title and sections 390.23 and 390.25 of title 49 of the Code of Federal Regu-lations and provided to the State by the Sec-retary, including the name of the person granted the exemption and any terms and conditions that apply to the exemption; 
‘‘(Y) except as provided in subsection (d), 
provides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct safety audits of interstate 
and, at the State’s discretion, intrastate new entrant motor carriers under section 31144(g) of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party 
to conduct safety audits under section 31144(g) on its behalf, the State verifies the quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activities; 
‘‘(Z) provides that the State agrees to fully 
participate in the performance and registra-tion information system management under section 31106(b) not later than October 1, 2020, by complying with the conditions for participation under paragraph (3) of that sec-tion; 
‘‘(AA) provides that a State that shares a 
land border with another country— 
‘‘(i) will conduct a border commercial 
motor vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes en-forcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(ii) will forfeit all funds calculated by the 
Secretary based on border-related activities if the State declines to conduct the program described in clause (i) in its plan; and 
‘‘(BB) provides that a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established in subsection (l)(3) may fund operation and maintenance costs associated with innova-tive technology deployment under sub-section (l)(3) with Motor Carrier Safety As-sistance Program funds authorized under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall publish each ap-proved State multiple-year plan, and each annual update thereto, on the Department of Transportation’s public website not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary ap-proves the plan or update. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Before posting an ap-
proved State multiple-year plan or annual update under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall redact any information identi-fied by the State that, if disclosed— 
‘‘(i) would reasonably be expected to inter-
fere with enforcement proceedings; or 
‘‘(ii) would reveal enforcement techniques 
or procedures that would reasonably be ex-pected to risk circumvention of the law. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF U.S. T ERRITORIES .—The 
requirement that a State conduct safety au-dits of new entrant motor carriers under sub-section (c)(2)(Y) does not apply to a territory of the United States unless required by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) I
NTRASTATE COMPATIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary shall prescribe regulations specifying tolerance guidelines and standards for ensur-ing compatibility of intrastate commercial motor vehicle safety laws, including regula-tions, with Federal motor carrier safety reg-ulations to be enforced under subsections (b) and (c). To the extent practicable, the guide-lines and standards shall allow for maximum flexibility while ensuring a degree of uni-formity that will not diminish motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) B ASELINE .—Except as provided under 
paragraphs (2) and (3) and in accordance with section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5265 July 21, 2015 
a State plan under subsection (c) shall pro-
vide that the total expenditure of amounts of the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan will be maintained at a level each fiscal year at least equal to— 
‘‘(A) the average level of that expenditure 
for fiscal years 2004 and 2005; or 
‘‘(B) the level of that expenditure for the 
year in which the Secretary implements a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTED BASELINE AFTER FISCAL YEAR  
2017.—At the request of a State, the Sec-retary may evaluate additional documenta-tion related to the maintenance of effort and may make reasonable adjustments to the maintenance of effort baseline after the year in which the Secretary implements a new al-location formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015, and this ad-justed baseline will replace the maintenance of effort requirement under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—At the request of a State, 
the Secretary may waive or modify the re-quirements of this subsection for fiscal year if the Secretary determines that a waiver or modification is reasonable, based on cir-cumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of commercial motor vehi-cle enforcement activities in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF STATE EXPENDITURES .—In es-
timating the average level of State expendi-ture under paragraph (1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) may allow the State to exclude State 
expenditures for Federally-sponsored dem-onstration and pilot programs and strike forces; 
‘‘(B) may allow the State to exclude ex-
penditures for activities related to border enforcement and new entrant safety audits; and 
‘‘(C) shall require the State to exclude 
State matching amounts used to receive Federal financing under section 31104. 
‘‘(g) U
SE OF UNIFIED CARRIER REGISTRATION  
FEES AGREEMENT .—Amounts generated 
under section 14504a of this title and received by a State and used for motor carrier safety purposes may be included as part of the State’s match required under section 31104 of this title or maintenance of effort required by subsection (f) of this section. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF GRANTS TOENFORCE OTHER  
LAWS.—When approved in the States’ plan 
under subsection (c), a State may use Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds re-ceived under this section— 
‘‘(1) if the activities are carried out in con-
junction with an appropriate inspection of a commercial motor vehicle to enforce Federal or State commercial motor vehicle safety regulations, for— 
‘‘(A) enforcement of commercial motor ve-
hicle size and weight limitations at loca-tions, excluding fixed weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous ter-rains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can significantly affect the safe operation of the vehicle, or at ports where intermodal shipping containers enter and leave the United States; and 
‘‘(B) detection of and enforcement actions 
taken as a result of criminal activity, in-cluding the trafficking of human beings, in a commercial motor vehicle or by any occu-pant, including the operator, of the commer-cial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(2) for documented enforcement of State 
traffic laws and regulations designed to pro-mote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, including documented en-forcement of such laws and regulations relat-ing to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— ‘‘(A) the number of motor carrier safety 
activities, including roadside safety inspec-tions, conducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
‘‘(B) the State does not use more than 10 
percent of the basic amount the State re-ceives under a grant awarded under section 31104(a)(1) for enforcement activities relating to noncommercial motor vehicles necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles unless the Secretary deter-mines that a higher percentage will result in significant increases in commercial motor vehicle safety; and 
‘‘(3) for the enforcement of household 
goods regulations on intrastate and inter-state carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household goods regulations. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF PLANS AND AWARD OF  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARDS .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish criteria for the application, evaluation, and approval of State plans under this sec-tion. Subject to subsection (j), the Secretary may allocate the amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) among the States. 
‘‘(2) O
PPORTUNITY TO CURE .—If the Sec-
retary disapproves a plan under this section, the Secretary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for approval. 
‘‘(j) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, by regu-
lation, shall prescribe allocation criteria for funds made available under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL ALLOCATIONS .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and after making a deduction under section 31104(c), the Secretary shall al-locate amounts made available in section 31104(a)(1) to carry out this section for the fiscal year among the States with plans ap-proved under this section in accordance with the criteria under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) E
LECTIVE ADJUSTMENTS .—Subject to 
the availability of funding and notwith-standing fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary to calculate the an-nual allocation amounts, after the creation of a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015 the Secretary may not make elective adjust-ments to the allocation formula that de-crease a State’s Federal funding levels by more than 3 percent in a fiscal year. The 3 percent limit shall not apply to the with-holding provisions of subsection (k). 
‘‘(k) P
LANMONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On the basis of reports 
submitted by the lead State agency respon-sible for administering an approved State plan and an investigation by the Secretary, the Secretary shall periodically evaluate State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISAPPROVAL .—If, after notice and an 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that the State plan previously approved is not being followed or has become inadequate to ensure enforcement of the regulations, standards, or orders, or the State is other-wise not in compliance with the require-ments of this section, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the plan and notify the State. The plan is no longer in effect once the State receives notice, and the Secretary shall withhold all funding under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING .—In lieu 
of withdrawing approval of the plan, the Sec-retary may, after providing notice and an op-portunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would other-
wise be entitled under this section for the pe-riod of the State’s noncompliance. In exer-cising this option, the Secretary may with-hold— 
‘‘(i) up to 5 percent of funds during the fis-
cal year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first 
full fiscal year of noncompliance; 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the sec-
ond full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for 
the third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A State adversely 
affected by a determination under paragraph (2) may seek judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. Notwithstanding the disapproval of a State plan under paragraph (2)(A) or the withholding under paragraph (2)(B), the State may retain jurisdiction in an adminis-trative or a judicial proceeding that com-menced before the notice of disapproval or withholding if the issues involved are not re-lated directly to the reasons for the dis-approval or withholding. 
‘‘(l) H
IGH PRIORITY FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a high priority financial assistance program funded under section 31104 for the purposes described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES RELATED TO MOTOR CARRIER  
SAFETY .—The purpose of this paragraph is to 
make discretionary grants to and coopera-tive agreements with States, local govern-ments, federally-recognized Indian tribes, other political jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority ac-tivities and projects that augment motor carrier safety activities and projects planned in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), including activities and projects that— 
‘‘(A) increase public awareness and edu-
cation on commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(B) target unsafe driving of commercial 
motor vehicles and non-commercial motor vehicles in areas identified as high risk crash corridors; 
‘‘(C) support the enforcement of State 
household goods regulations on intrastate and interstate carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household good laws; 
‘‘(D) improve the safe and secure move-
ment of hazardous materials; 
‘‘(E) improve safe transportation of goods 
and persons in foreign commerce; 
‘‘(F) demonstrate new technologies to im-
prove commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(G) support participation in performance 
and registration information systems man-agement under section 31106(b)— 
‘‘(i) for entities not responsible for submit-
ting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) for entities responsible for submitting 
the plan under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(I) before October 1, 2020, to achieve com-
pliance with the requirements of participa-tion; and 
‘‘(II) beginning on October 1, 2020, or once 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participa-tion; 
‘‘(H) conduct safety data improvement 
projects— 
‘‘(i) that complete or exceed the require-
ments under subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities not responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) that exceed the requirements under 
subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(I) otherwise improve commercial motor 
vehicle safety and compliance with commer-cial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5266 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) I NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an innovative technology deploy-ment grant program to make discretionary grants funded under section 31104(a)(2) to eli-gible States for the innovative technology deployment of commercial motor vehicle in-formation systems and networks. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-
gram shall be— 
‘‘(i) to advance the technological capa-
bility and promote the deployment of intel-ligent transportation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, in-cluding commercial motor vehicle, commer-cial driver, and carrier-specific information systems and networks; and 
‘‘(ii) to support and maintain commercial 
motor vehicle information systems and net-works— 
‘‘(I) to link Federal motor carrier safety 
information systems with State commercial motor vehicle systems; 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and produc-
tivity of commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with com-
mercial motor vehicle operations and Fed-eral and State commercial vehicle regu-latory requirements. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this paragraph, a State shall— 
‘‘(i) have a commercial motor vehicle in-
formation systems and networks program 
plan approved by the Secretary that de-scribes the various systems and networks at the State level that need to be refined, re-vised, upgraded, or built to accomplish de-ployment of commercial motor vehicle infor-mation systems and networks capabilities; 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its com-
mercial motor vehicle information systems and networks deployment activities, includ-ing hardware procurement, software and sys-tem development, and infrastructure modi-fications— 
‘‘(I) are consistent with the national intel-
ligent transportation systems and commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks architectures and available stand-ards; and 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and effi-
ciency to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability 
tests developed by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to verify that its sys-tems conform with the national intelligent transportation systems architecture, appli-cable standards, and protocols for commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds may be 
used— 
‘‘(i) for deployment activities and activi-
ties to develop new and innovative advanced technology solutions that support commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks; 
‘‘(ii) for planning activities, including the 
development or updating of program or top level design plans in order to become eligible or maintain eligibility under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(iii) for the operation and maintenance 
costs associated with innovative technology. 
‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to award a State fund-ing for the operation, and maintenance costs associated with innovative technology de-ployment with funds made available under both sections 31104(a)(1) and 31104(a)(2) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 31103 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Opera-
tors Grant Program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a commercial motor vehicle opera-tors grant program funded under section 
31104. 
‘‘(b) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the grant 
program is to train individuals in the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301).’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OFAPPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31104 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31104. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be ap-propriated from the Highway Trust Fund for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration Financial Assistance Pro-grams: 
‘‘(1) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this 
subsection and subsection (c) of this section, to carry out section 31102— 
‘‘(A) $295,636,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $301,845,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $308,183,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $314,655,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $321,263,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY ACTIVITIES FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Subject to subsection 
(c), to make grants and cooperative agree-ments under section 31102(l) of this title, the Secretary may set aside from amounts made available under paragraph (1) of this sub-section up to— 
‘‘(A) $42,323,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $43,212,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $44,119,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $45,046,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $45,992,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 
31103— 
‘‘(A) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; 
‘‘(D) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Subject to subsection (c), to 
carry out section 31313— 
‘‘(A) $31,273,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $31,930,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $32,600,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $33,285,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $33,984,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) R
EIMBURSEMENT AND PAYMENT TO RE-
CIPIENTS FOR GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under subsection (a) shall be used to reim-burse financial assistance recipients propor-tionally for the Federal Government’s share of the costs incurred. 
‘‘(2) Reimbursement amounts.—The Sec-
retary shall reimburse a recipient, in accord-ance with a financial assistance agreement made under section 31102, 31103, or 31313, an amount that is at least 85 percent of the costs incurred by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing pro-grams under these sections. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Govern-ment in the financial assistance agreement. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s in- kind contributions in determining the reim-bursement. 
‘‘(3) V
OUCHERS .—Each recipient shall sub-
mit vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipient incurs in developing and imple-menting programs under section 31102, 31103, or 31313. 
‘‘(c) D
EDUCTIONS FOR PARTNER TRAINING  
AND PROGRAM SUPPORT .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon after that date as practicable, the Secretary may deduct from amounts made available under paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (a) for that fis-cal year not more than 1.50 percent of those amounts for partner training and program 
support in that fiscal year. The Secretary shall use at least 75 percent of those de-ducted amounts to train non-Federal Gov-ernment employees and to develop related training materials in carrying out these pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
ASCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .—The approval 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Secretary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Gov-ernment’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agree-ment. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agree-ments under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the financial assistance program ap-
plication period. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT FUNDS FOR RECIPI -
ENTEXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The period of avail-
ability for a recipient to expend a grant or cooperative agreement authorized under sub-section (a) is as follows: 
‘‘(A) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102, other than section 31102(l), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out section 31102(l)(2), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘(C) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102(l)(3), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(D) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31103, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(E) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out 31313, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) R
EOBLIGATION .—Amounts not expended 
by a recipient during the period of avail-ability shall be released back to the Sec-retary for reobligation for any purpose under sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 in ac-cordance with subsection (i) of this section. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(i) T
RANSFER OF OBLIGATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the contract author-
ity authorized for motor carrier safety grants, the Secretary shall have authority to transfer available unobligated contract au-thority and associated liquidating cash with-in or between Federal financial assistance programs authorized under this section and make new Federal financial assistance awards under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OST ESTIMATES .—Of the funds trans-
ferred, the contract authority and associated liquidating cash or obligations and expendi-tures stemming from Federal financial as-sistance awards made with this contract au-thority shall not be scored as new obliga-tions by the Congressional Budget Office or by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON TOTAL OF OBLIGA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, no limitation on the total of obliga-tions for Federal financial assistance pro-grams carried out by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration under this sec-tion shall apply to unobligated funds trans-ferred under this subsection.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5267 July 21, 2015 
(d) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S AFETY FITNESS OF OWNERS AND OPER -
ATOR ; SAFETY REVIEWS OF NEW OPERATORS .— 
Section 31144(g) is amended by striking para-graph (5). 
(2) I
NFORMATION SYSTEMS ; PERFORMANCE  
AND REGISTRATION INFORMATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 31106(b) is amended by striking para-graph (4). 
(3) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
31107 is repealed. 
(4) P ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT .—Section 31109 
is repealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 311 is amended— 
(A) by striking the items relating to 31107 
and 31109; and 
(B) by striking the items relating to sec-
tions 31102, 31103, and 31104 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram. 
‘‘31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Operators 
Grant Program. 
‘‘31104. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(6) G
RANTS FOR COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’SL I-
CENSE PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 
31313(a), as amended by section 32506 of this 
Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall administer a financial assistance program for commer-cial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall administer a financial assistance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation funded under section 31104 of this title for the pur-poses described in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. 
(7) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—Section 
4126 of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note) is repealed. 
(8) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note) is repealed. 
(9) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134 of 
SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is re-pealed. 
(10) W
INTER HOME HEATING OIL DELIVERY  
STATE FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—Section 346 of 
National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 (49 U.S.C. 31166 note) is repealed. 
(11) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AS CONDITION  
ON GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 103(c) of the 
Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(12) S
TATE COMPLIANCE WITH CDL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 103(e) of the Motor Carrier 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(13) B
ORDER STAFFING STANDARDS .—Section 
218(d) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improve-ment Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31133 note) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under 1 
section 31104(f)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. 
(f) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding the 
amendments made by this section, the Sec-retary shall carry out sections 31102, 31103, 31104 of title 49, United States Code, and any sections repealed under subsection (d) of this section, as necessary, as those sections were in effect on the day before October 1, 2016, with respect to applications for grants, coop-erative agreements, or contracts under those sections submitted before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 32503. NEW ENTRANT SAFETY REVIEW PRO-
GRAM STUDY. 
(a) I N ENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of 
Transportation shall report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives on its assessment of the new operator safety review program, required under section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, including the program’s effectiveness in reducing commercial motor vehicles involved in crashes, fatalities, and injuries, and in improving commercial motor vehicle safety. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
completion of the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives a report on the ac-tions the Secretary will take to address any recommendations included in the study under subsection (a). 
(c) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT OF 1995; E X-
CEPTION .—The study and the Office of the In-
spector General assessment shall not be sub-ject to section 3506 or section 3507 of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 32504. PERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 31106(b) is amended in the heading 
by striking ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘Sys-
tems Management’’. 
SEC. 32505. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
311 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 31110. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account) for the Secretary of Transpor-tation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion— 
‘‘(1) $264,439,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $269,992,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $275,662,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $281,451,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $287,361,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $293,396,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds authorized 
by this section shall be used— 
‘‘(1) for personnel costs; ‘‘(2) for administrative infrastructure; ‘‘(3) for rent; ‘‘(4) for information technology; ‘‘(5) for programs for research and tech-
nology, information management, regu-latory development, the administration of the performance and registration informa-tion systems management; 
‘‘(6) for programs for outreach and edu-
cation under subsection (d); 
‘‘(7) to fund the motor carrier safety facil-
ity working capital fund established under subsection (c); 
‘‘(8) for other operating expenses; ‘‘(9) to conduct safety reviews of new oper-
ators; and 
‘‘(10) for such other expenses as may from 
time to time become necessary to implement statutory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. 
‘‘(c) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY FACILITY  
WORKING CAPITAL FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a motor carrier safety facility work-ing capital fund. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—Amounts in the fund shall 
be available for modernization, construction, leases, and expenses related to vacating, oc-cupying, maintaining, and expanding motor carrier safety facilities, and associated ac-tivities. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the fund 
shall be available without regard to fiscal year limitation. 
‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Amounts may be appro-
priated to the fund from the amounts made available in subsection (a). 
‘‘(5) F
UND TRANSFERS .—The Secretary may 
transfer funds to the working capital fund from the amounts made available in sub-section (a) or from other funds as identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-
duct, through any combination of grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other activities, an internal and external outreach and education program to be administered by the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
an outreach and education program for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able in subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available such sums as are necessary to carry out this subsection each fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION .—The ap-
proval of funds by the Secretary under this section is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Fed-eral Government’s share of costs.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ; AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 31104 is 
amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (i); and (B) by 
redesignating subsections (j) and (k) and sub-sections (i) and (j), respectively. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER  
SUBSECTION (I).—Section 4116(d) of 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31104 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31110’’. 
(3) I
NTERNAL COOPERATION .—Section 31161 
is amended by striking ‘‘31104(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘31110’’. 
(4) SAFETEA–LU; 
OUTREACH AND EDU -
CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
Stat. 1741; Public Law 109–59) is repealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of subchapter I of chapter 311 is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘31110. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 32506. COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE 
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31313 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license pro-
gram implementation financial assistance program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall administer a financial assist-ance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(1) S
TATE COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5268 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) to comply with the requirements of 
section 31311; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that is making 
a good faith effort toward substantial com-pliance with the requirements of section 31311, to improve its implementation of its commercial driver’s license program, includ-ing expenses— 
‘‘(i) for computer hardware and software; 
‘‘(ii) for publications, testing, personnel, 
training, and quality control; 
‘‘(iii) for commercial driver’s license pro-
gram coordinators; and 
‘‘(iv) to implement or maintain a system 
to notify an employer of an operator of a commercial motor vehicle of the suspension or revocation of the operator’s commercial driver’s license consistent with the stand-ards developed under section 32303(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhance-ment Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 31304 note). 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
may make a grant or cooperative agreement in a fiscal year to a State agency, local gov-ernment, or any person for research, develop-ment or testing, demonstration projects, public education, or other special activities and projects relating to commercial driver’s licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
‘‘(A) benefit all jurisdictions of the United 
States; 
‘‘(B) address national safety concerns and 
circumstances; 
‘‘(C) address emerging issues relating to 
commercial driver’s license improvements; 
‘‘(D) support innovative ideas and solu-
tions to commercial driver’s license program issues; or 
‘‘(E) address other commercial driver’s li-
cense issues, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—A recipient may not 
use financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall issue an 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(d) A
PPORTIONMENT .—All amounts made 
available to carry out this section for a fis-cal year shall be apportioned to a State or recipient described in subsection (a)(2) ac-cording to criteria prescribed by the Sec-retary.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents of chapter 313 
is amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation financial as-sistance program.’’. 
SEC. 32507. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY PROGRAMS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM GRANT EXTENSION .—Section 
31104(a) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘and, for fiscal year 2016, sec-tions 31102, 31107, and 31109 of this title and section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note)’’ after ‘‘31102’’; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF GRANT PROGRAMS .—Sec-
tion 4101(c) SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715; Public Law 109–59), is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS FUNDING .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the High-way Trust Fund the following sums for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration programs: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying out the commercial driver’s license program 
improvement grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—From 
amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for border enforcement grants under section 31107 of that title, $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION IN -
FORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—From amounts made available 
under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for the performance and reg-istration information systems management grant program under section 31109 of that title, $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—For car-
rying out the commercial vehicle informa-tion systems and networks deployment pro-gram under section 4126 of this Act (the in-novative technology deployment program), $25,000,000, for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
From amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for safety data improvement grants under sec-tion 4128 of this Act, $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(c) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(j)(2), as redesignated by section 32505 of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘2014 and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,,’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(d) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S ET ASIDE .—The Secretary shall set 
aside from amounts made available by sec-tion 31104(a) up to $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for audits of new entrant motor carriers conducted under this paragraph.’’. 
(e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU(49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make avail-able, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out the commercial motor vehicle operators grant program.’’. 
(f) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA– 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Pub-lic Law 109–59) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted towards the $2,500,000 max-imum aggregate amount for core deploy-ment.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the develop-ment or updating of program or top level de-sign plans.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(4), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the devel-opment or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
(2) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commer-
cial vehicle information systems and net-works deployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) may also be referred to as the in-novative technology deployment program. 
SEC. 32508. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSIST-
ANCE PROGRAM ALLOCATION. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a motor carrier 
safety assistance program formula working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the working group shall consist of rep-resentatives of the following: 
(i) The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration. 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehi-
cle safety agencies responsible for admin-istering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State 
agencies responsible for enforcing a program for inspection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary 
considers necessary. 
(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Representatives of State 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
(3) N
EW ALLOCATION FORMULA .—The work-
ing group shall analyze requirements and factors for a new motor carrier safety assist-ance program allocation formula. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is es-tablished under paragraph (1), the working group shall make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program allocation for-mula. 
(5) FACA 
EXEMPTION .—The Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall publish on a public website sum-maries of its meetings, and the final rec-ommendation provided to the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .— 
After receiving the recommendation under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice seeking pub-lic comment on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) B
ASIS FOR FORMULA .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the new allocation formula is based on factors that reflect, at a min-imum— 
(1) the relative needs of the States to com-
ply with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) the relative administrative capacities 
of and challenges faced by States in com-plying with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(3) the average of each State’s new entrant 
motor carrier inventory for the 3-year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(4) the number of international border in-
spection facilities and border crossings by commercial vehicles in each State; and 
(5) any other factors the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) F
UNDING AMOUNTS PRIOR TO DEVELOP -
MENT OF A NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) I NTERIM FORMULA .—Prior to the devel-
opment of the new allocation formula, the Secretary may calculate the interim funding amounts for the motor carrier safety assist-ance program in fiscal year 2017 (and later fiscal years, as necessary) under section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, by the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall calculate the fund-
ing amount using the allocation formula the Secretary used to award motor carrier safety assistance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 2507 of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5269 July 21, 2015 
(B) The Secretary shall average the fund-
ing awarded or other equitable amounts to a State in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for border enforcement grants awarded under section 32603(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Pub-lic Law 112–141) and new entrant audit grants awarded under that section, or other equi-table amounts. 
(C) The Secretary shall add the amounts 
calculated in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the avail-
ability of funding and notwithstanding fluc-tuations in the data elements used by the Secretary, the initial amounts resulting from the calculation described in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for each State, the amount shall not be less than 97 percent of the average amount of funding re-ceived or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(A) motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram funds awarded under section 32603(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); 
(B) border enforcement grants awarded 
under section 32603(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); and 
(C) new entrant audit grants awarded 
under section 32603(a) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141). 
(3) I
MMEDIATE RELIEF .—In developing the 
new allocation formula, the Secretary shall provide immediate relief for at least fiscal years to all States currently subject to the withholding provisions of Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds for matters of noncompliance. 
(4) F
UTURE WITHHOLDINGS .—Beginning on 
the date that the new allocation formula is implemented, the Secretary shall impose all future withholdings in accordance with sec-tion 31102(k) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This 
section expires upon the implementation of a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-gram Allocation Formula. 
SEC. 32509. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT CALCULA-
TION. 
(a) B EFORE NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—If a new allocation 
formula has not been established for fiscal year 2017, then, for fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall calculate the maintenance of effort required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, by averaging the expenditures for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141), as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Sec-
retary may use the methodology for calcu-lating the maintenance of effort for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter if a new allocation formula has not been estab-lished. 
(b) B
EGINNING WITHNEWALLOCATION FOR-
MATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3)(B), beginning on the date that a new allocation formula is established under sec-tion 2508, upon the request of a State, the Secretary may modify the baseline mainte-nance of effort required by section 31102(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, for the purpose of establishing a new baseline maintenance of effort if the Secretary determines that a waiver or modification— 
(A) is equitable due to reasonable cir-
cumstances; 
(B) will ensure the continuation of com-
mercial motor vehicle enforcement activi-ties in the State; and 
(C) is necessary to ensure that the total 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sec-tions 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States 
Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State mainte-nance of effort and matching expenditures for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT METHODOLOGY .—If re-
quested by a State, the Secretary may mod-ify the maintenance of effort baseline ac-cording to the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall establish the main-
tenance of effort using the average of fiscal years 2004 and 2005, as required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141). 
(B) The Secretary shall calculate the aver-
age required match by a lead State commer-cial motor vehicle safety agency for fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for motor carrier safety assistance grants established at 20 percent by section 31103 of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(C) The Secretary shall calculate the esti-
mated match required under section 31104(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(D) The Secretary will subtract the 
amount in subparagraph (B) from the amount in subparagraph (C) and— 
(i) if the number is greater than 0, then the 
Secretary shall subtract the number from the amount in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, 
then the Secretary shall calculate the main-tenance of effort using the methodology in subparagraph (A). 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use 
the amount calculated in paragraph (2) as the baseline maintenance of effort required in section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—If a State does not request 
a waiver or modification under this sub-section before September 30 during the first fiscal year that the Secretary implements the new allocation formula under section 32508, the Secretary shall calculate the main-tenance of effort using the methodology in paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection. 
(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT DESCRIBED .— 
The maintenance of effort calculated under this section is the amount required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OFEFFECTIVENESS .—The 
authority under this section terminates ef-fective on the date that the new mainte-nance of effort is calculated based on the new allocation formula implemented under section 32508. 
Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 32601. WINDSHIELD TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in sec-tion 393.60(e) of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (relating to the prohibition on ob-structions to the driver’s field of view) to ex-empt from that section the voluntary mounting on a windshield of vehicle safety technology likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent the exemption. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF VEHICLE SAFETY TECH-
NOLOGY .—In this section, ‘‘vehicle safety 
technology’’ includes fleet-related incident management system, performance or behav-ior management system, speed management system, lane departure warning system, for-ward collision warning or mitigation system, active cruise control system, and any other technology that the Secretary considers ap-
plicable. 
(c) R
ULEOFCONSTRUCTION .—For purposes 
of this section, any windshield mounted technology with a short term exemption under part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be considered likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent an ex-emption under subsection (a). 
SEC. 32602. ELECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICES RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 31137(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘apply 
to’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3), apply to’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A motor carrier, when 
transporting a motor home or recreation ve-hicle trailer within the definition of ‘driveaway-towaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations) may comply with the hours of serv-ice requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
‘‘(A) a paper record of duty status form; or ‘‘(B) an electronic logging device.’’. 
SEC. 32603. LAPSE OF REQUIRED FINANCIAL SE-
CURITY; SUSPENSION OF REGISTRA-TION. 
Section 13906(e) is amended by inserting 
‘‘or suspend’’ after ‘‘revoke’’. 
SEC. 32604. ACCESS TO NATIONAL DRIVER REG-
ISTER. 
Section 30305(b) is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(13) The Administrator of the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information under sub-section (a) of this section about an indi-vidual in connection with a safety investiga-tion under the Administrator’s jurisdic-tion.’’. 
SEC. 32605. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL MOTOR VE-
HICLE DRIVER COMMUTING. 
(a) E FFECTS OF COMMUTING .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall conduct a study of the effects of motor carrier operator commutes exceeding 150 minutes commuting time on safety and commercial motor vehicle driver fatigue. 
(b) S
TUDY .—In conducting the study, the 
Administrator shall consider— 
(1) the prevalence of driver commuting in 
the commercial motor vehicle industry, in-cluding the number and percentage of drivers who commute; 
(2) the distances traveled, time zones 
crossed, time spent commuting, and methods of transportation used; 
(3) research on the impact of excessive 
commuting on safety and commercial motor vehicle driver fatigue; 
(4) the commuting practices of commercial 
motor vehicle drivers and policies of motor carriers; 
(5) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration regulations, policies, and guid-ance regarding driver commuting; and 
(6) any other matters the Administrator 
considers appropriate. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the findings under the study and any recommendations for legislative ac-tion concerning driver commuting. 
SEC. 32606. HOUSEHOLD GOODS CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary shall 
establish a working group for the purpose of developing recommendations on how to best convey to inexperienced consumers the in-formation such consumers need to know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5270 July 21, 2015 
with respect to the Federal laws concerning 
the interstate transportation of household goods by motor carrier. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the working group is comprised of individuals with expertise in consumer af-fairs, educators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(1) C ONTENTS .—The recommendations de-
veloped by the working group shall include, at a minimum, recommendations on— 
(A) condensing publication ESA 03005 of 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration into a format that is more easily used by consumers; 
(B) using state-of-the-art education tech-
niques and technologies, including opti-mizing the use of the Internet as an edu-cational tool; and 
(C) reducing and simplifying the paper-
work required of motor carriers and shippers in interstate transportation. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall make the recommenda-tions described in paragraph (1) which the Secretary shall publish on a public website. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than year after the 
date on which the working group makes its recommendations, the Secretary shall issue a report to Congress on the implementation of such recommendations. 
(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sec-tion. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 32607. INTERSTATE VAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 4136 of SAFETEA-LU (Public Law 
109–59; 119 Stat. 1745; 49 U.S.C. 3116 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘with the exception of commuter vanpool operations, which shall remain exempt’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 32608. REPORT ON DESIGN AND IMPLEMEN-
TATION OF WIRELESS ROADSIDE IN-SPECTION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the de-sign, development, testing, and implementa-tion of wireless roadside inspection systems. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include a determination as to whether wireless roadside inspection systems— 
(1) conflict with existing non-Federal elec-
tronic screening systems, or create capabili-ties already available; 
(2) require additional statutory authority 
to incorporate generated inspection data into the safety measurement system or the safety fitness determinations program; and 
(3) provide appropriate restrictions to spe-
cifically address privacy concerns of affected motor carriers and operators. 
SEC. 32609. MOTORCOACH HOURS OF SERVICE 
STUDY. 
(a) REQUIREMENT BEFORE IMPLE-
MENTING NEW RULES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
amend, adjust, or revise the driver hours of service regulations for motor carriers of pas-sengers, by rulemaking or any other means, until the Secretary conducts a formal study that properly accounts for operational dif-ferences and variances in crash data for driv-ers in intercity motorcoach service and interstate property carrier operations and between segments of the intercity motor-
coach industry. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) the impact of the current hours of serv-
ice regulations for motor carriers of pas-sengers on fostering safe operation of inter-city motorcoaches; 
(B) the separation of the failures of the 
current passenger carrier hours-of-service regulations and the lack of enforcement of the current regulations by Federal and State agencies; 
(C) the correlation of noncompliance with 
current passenger carrier hours of service rule to passenger carrier accidents using data from 2000 through 2013; and 
(D) how passenger carrier crashes could 
have been mitigated by any changes to pas-senger carrier hours of service rules. 
(b) E
MERGENCY REGULATIONS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect the Secretary’s existing authority to provide re-lief from the hours of service regulations in the event of an emergency under section 390.232 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SEC. 32610. GAO REVIEW OF SCHOOL BUS SAFE-
TY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a review of the following: 
(1) Existing Federal and State rules and 
guidance, as of the date of the review, con-cerning school bus transportation of elemen-tary school and secondary school students engaging in home-to-school transport or other transport determined by the Comp-troller General to be a routine part of kin-dergarten through grade 12 education, in-cluding regulations and guidance regarding driver training programs, capacity require-ments, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age require-ments, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
(2) Any correlation between public or pri-
vate school bus fleet operators whose vehi-cles are involved in an accident as defined by section 390.5 of title, Code of Federal Regula-tions, and each of the following: 
(A) A failure by those same operators of 
State or local safety inspections. 
(B) The average age or odometer readings 
of the school buses in the fleets of such oper-ators. 
(C) Violations of Federal laws adminis-
tered by the Department of Transportation, or of State law equivalents of such laws. 
(D) Violations of State or local law relat-
ing to illegal passing of a school bus. 
(3) A regulatory framework comparison of 
public and private school bus operations. 
(4) Expert recommendations on best prac-
tices for safe and reliable school bus trans-portation, including driver training pro-grams, inspection standards, school bus age and odometer reading maximums for retire-ment, the percentage of buses in a local bus fleet needed as spare buses, and capacity lev-els per school bus for different age groups. 
SEC. 32611. USE OF HAIR TESTING FOR PRE-
EMPLOYMENT AND RANDOM CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES TESTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Drug Free Commercial Driver Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF HAIRTESTING AS AN  
ACCEPTABLE PROCEDURE FOR PREEMPLOYMENT  
AND RANDOM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTS.—Section 31306 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’ and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall permit motor carriers— 
‘‘(i) to conduct preemployment testing of 
commercial motor vehicle operators for the use of alcohol; and 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable 
alternative to urinalysis— 
‘‘(I) in conducting preemployment screen-
ing for the use of a controlled substance; and 
‘‘(II) in conducting random screening for 
the use of a controlled substance by individ-uals who were subject to preemployment screening.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) laboratory protocols and cut-off levels 
for hair testing to detect the use of a con-trolled substance;’’. 
(c) E
XEMPTION FROM MANDATORY URINAL -
YSIS.— 
(1) I NGENERAL .—Any motor carrier that 
demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, in consultation with the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, that it can carry out an applicable hair testing program, consistent with generally accepted industry standards, to detect the use of a controlled substance by commercial motor vehicle operators, may apply to the Administrator for an exemption from the mandatory urinalysis testing requirements set forth in subpart C of part 382 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations until a final rule is issued implementing the amendments made by subsection (b). 
(2) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In evaluating applica-
tions for an exemption under paragraph (1), the Administrator, in consultation with the Department of Health and Human Services, shall determine if the applicant’s testing program employs procedures and protections similar to fleets that have carried out hair testing programs for at least 1 year. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A testing program 
may not receive an exemption under para-graph (1) unless the applicable testing lab-oratories— 
(i) have obtained laboratory accreditation 
specific to hair testing from an accrediting body, compliant with international or other Federal standards, as appropriate, such as the College of American Pathologists; and 
(ii) utilize hair testing assays that have 
been cleared by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration under section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(k)). 
(3) D
EADLINE FOR DECISIONS .—Not later 
than 90 days after receiving an application from a motor carrier under this subsection, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether the motor carrier is exempt from the testing requirements de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Any motor 
carrier that is granted an exemption under paragraph (1) shall submit records to the na-tional clearinghouse established under sec-tion 31306a of title 49, United States Code, re-lating to all positive test results and test re-fusals from the hair testing program de-scribed in that paragraph. 
(d) G
UIDELINES FOR HAIR TESTING .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5271 July 21, 2015 
method of detecting the use of a controlled 
substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by subsection (b). When issuing the scientific and technical guidelines, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may consider differentiating between exposure to, and usage of, various controlled substances. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall submit an annual report to Congress that— 
(1) summarizes the results of preemploy-
ment and random drug testing using both hair testing and urinalysis; 
(2) evaluates the efficacy of each method; 
and 
(3) determines which method provides the 
most accurate means of detecting the use of controlled substances over time. 
TITLE XXXIII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
SEC. 33101. ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) E XCLUSIONS .—Section 5117(d)(1) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) a service vehicle (as defined in section 
33101 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015) car-rying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less that is— 
‘‘(i) driven by a class A commercial driv-
er’s license holder who is a custom har-vester, an agricultural retailer, an agricul-tural business employee, an agricultural co-operative employee, or an agricultural pro-ducer; and 
‘‘(ii) clearly marked with a placard reading 
‘‘Diesel Fuel’.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS ENDORSEMENT  
EXEMPTION .—The Secretary shall exempt all 
class A commercial driver’s license holders who are custom harvesters, agricultural re-tailers, agricultural business employees, ag-ricultural cooperative employees, or agricul-tural producers from the requirement to ob-tain a hazardous materials endorsement under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, while operating a service vehi-cle carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less if the tank con-taining such fuel is clearly marked with a placard reading ‘‘Diesel Fuel’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF SERVICE VEHICLE .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘service vehicle’’ means a vehicle carrying diesel fuel that will be deductible as a profit-seeking activity— 
(1) under section 162 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 as a business expense; or 
(2) under section 212 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 as a production of income expense. 
SEC. 33102. ENHANCED REPORTING. 
Section 5121(h) is amended by striking 
‘‘transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘post on the Depart-ment of Transportation public website’’. 
SEC. 33103. HAZARDOUS MATERIAL INFORMA-
TION. 
(a) D ERAILMENT DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the form for reporting a rail equipment accident or incident under section 225.21 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (Form FRA F 6180.54, Rail Equip-ment Accident/Incident Report), including to its instructions, to require additional data concerning rail cars carrying crude oil or ethanol that are involved in a reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of that title. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The data under subsection 
(a) shall include— 
(A) the number of rail cars carrying crude 
oil or ethanol; 
(B) the number of rail cars carrying crude 
oil or ethanol damaged or derailed; and 
(C) the number of rail cars releasing crude 
oil or ethanol. 
(3) D IFFERENTIATION .—The data described 
in paragraph (2) shall be reported separately for crude oil and for ethanol. 
(b) D
ATABASE CONNECTIVITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement information man-agement practices to ensure that the Pipe-line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration Hazardous Materials Incident Re-ports Database (referred to in this section as ‘‘Incident Reports Database’’) and the Fed-eral Railroad Administration Railroad Safe-ty Information System contain accurate and consistent data on a reportable rail equip-ment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involv-ing the release of hazardous materials. 
(2) I
DENTIFIERS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the Incident Reports Database uses a searchable Federal Railroad Administra-tion report number, or other applicable unique identifier that is linked to the Fed-eral Railroad Safety Information System, for each reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
(c) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall— 
(A) evaluate the accuracy of information 
in the Incident Reports Database, including determining whether any inaccuracies exist in— 
(i) the type of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(ii) the quantity of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iii) the location of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iv) the damages or effects of hazardous 
materials released; and 
(v) any other data contained in the data-
base; and 
(B) considering the requirements in sub-
section (b), evaluate the consistency and ac-curacy of data involving accidents or inci-dents reportable to both the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the Federal Railroad Administration, in-cluding whether the Incident Reports Data-base uses a searchable identifier described in subsection (b)(2). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Department of Transportation Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (1) and recommendations for resolving any inconsistencies or inaccuracies. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to prohibit the Sec-retary from requiring other commodity-spe-cific information for any reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 33104. NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND DIS-
ASTER RESPONSE. 
(a) P URPOSE .—Section 5101 is amended by 
inserting and ‘‘and to facilitate the safe movement of hazardous materials during na-tional emergencies’’ after ‘‘commerce’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
Section 5103 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) F EDERALLY DECLARED DISASTER AND  
EMERGENCY AREAS .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may prescribe standards to facili-tate the safe movement of hazardous mate-rials into, from, and within a federally de-clared disaster area or a national emergency area.’’. 
SEC. 33105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 5128 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5128. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this chapter (except sections 5107(e), 5108(g)(2), 5113, 5115, 5116, and 5119)— 
‘‘(1) $43,660,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $44,577,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $45,513,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $46,469,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $47,445,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $48,441,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend, during each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
‘‘(1) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(2) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(3) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(4) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(5) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j). ‘‘(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—From the Hazardous Materials 
Emergency Preparedness Fund established pursuant to section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend $4,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out section 5107(e). 
‘‘(d) C
REDITS TO APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XPENSES .—In addition to amounts 
otherwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for ex-penses the Secretary incurs in providing training to the State, authority, or entity. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended.’’. 
TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Highway Traffic Safety 
PART I—HIGHWAY SAFETY 
SEC. 34101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—For car-
rying out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $243,526,500 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $252,267,972 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $261,229,288 for fiscal year 2018; 
(D) $270,415,429 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $279,831,482 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $289,482,646 for fiscal year 2021. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—For carrying out section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $137,835,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $140,729,535 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $143,684,855 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $146,702,237 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $149,782,984 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $152,928,427 for fiscal year 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.048 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5272 July 21, 2015 
(3) N ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $274,720,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $277,467,200 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $280,241,872 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $283,044,291 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $285,874,734 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $288,733,481 for fiscal year 2021. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—For the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
(A) $5,105,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $5,212,205 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $5,321,661 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $5,433,416 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $5,547,518 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $5,664,016 for fiscal year 2021. (5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—For carrying out section 2009 of 
SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note)— 
(A) $29,290,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $29,582,900 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $29,878,729 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $30,177,516 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $30,479,291 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $30,784,084 for fiscal year 2021. (6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—For admin-
istrative and related operating expenses of the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration in carrying out chapter of title 23, United States Code, and this subtitle— 
(A) $25,755,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $26,012,550 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $26,272,676 for fiscal year 2018; 
(D) $26,535,402 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $26,800,756 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $27,068,764 for fiscal year 2021. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER USES.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, in this subtitle, and in the amendments made by this subtitle, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for a program under such chapter— 
(1) shall only be used to carry out such pro-
gram; and 
(2) may not be used by States or local gov-
ernments for construction purposes. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and in this subtitle, amounts made available under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available for obligation in the same manner as if such funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Grants 
awarded under this subtitle shall be in ac-cordance with regulations issued by the Sec-retary. 
(e) S
TATE MATCHING REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
grant awarded under this subtitle requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activi-ties made during any fiscal year by the State and its political subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) shall be available for the purpose of cred-iting the State during such fiscal year for the non-Federal share of the cost of any project under this subtitle (other than plan-ning or administration without regard to whether such expenditures were actually made in connection with such project. 
(f) G
RANT APPLICATION AND DEADLINE .—To 
receive a grant under this subtitle, a State shall submit an application, and the Sec-retary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
(g) T
RANSFERS .—Section 405(a)(1)(G) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraphs (A) through (F), the Secretary shall reallocate, before the last day of any 
fiscal year, any amounts remaining available of the amounts allocated to carry out any of the activities described in subsections (b) through (g) to increase the amount made available to carry out section 402, in order to ensure, to the maximum extent possible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 34102. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—Section 402(g) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to authorize the appropria-tion or expenditure of funds for highway con-struction, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incorporated into guidelines).’’. 
(b) 
USE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
402(c)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘A State may provide the funds apportioned under this section to a political subdivision of a State, including In-dian tribal governments.’’ after ‘‘neighboring States.’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 405(a)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(I) P
OLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS .—A State may 
provide the funds awarded under this section to a political subdivision of a State, includ-ing Indian tribal governments.’’. 
(c) T
RACKING PROCESS .—Section 412 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) T
RACKING PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall develop a process to identify and miti-gate possible systemic issues across States and regional offices by reviewing oversight findings and recommended actions identified in triennial State management reviews.’’. 
(d) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PLANS .—Section 
402(k)(5)(A) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’. 
(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Section 
405(a)(1)(H) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT CERTIFI -
CATION .—As part of the grant application re-
quired in section 402(k)(3)(F), a State receiv-ing a grant in any fiscal year under sub-section (b), subsection (c), or subsection (d) of this section shall provide certification that the lead State agency responsible for programs described in any of those sections is maintaining aggregate expenditures at or above the average level of such expenditures in the 2 fiscal years prior to the date of en-actment of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 34103. GRANTS FOR ALCOHOL-IGNITION 
INTERLOCK LAWS AND 24–7 SOBRI-ETY PROGRAMS. 
Section 405(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)— (A) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by amending the 
heading to read as follows: ‘‘G RANTS TO  
STATES WITH ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK  
LAWS .—’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (A), 
the following: 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO STATES WITH 24–7 SOBRIETY  
PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall make a sep-
arate grant under this subsection to each State that— 
‘‘(i) adopts and is enforcing a law that re-
quires all individuals convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while intoxicated to receive a restriction on 
driving privileges; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a 24–7 sobriety program.’’; (E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; 
(G) by amending subparagraph (E), as re-
designated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) F UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH  
ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK LAWS .—Not 
more than 12 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(ii) F
UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH  
24–7 SOBRIETY PROGRAMS .—Not more than 3 
percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
XCEPTIONS .—A State alcohol-ignition 
interlock law under subparagraph (A) may include exceptions for the following cir-cumstances: 
‘‘(i) The individual is required to operate 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(ii) The individual is certified by a med-
ical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an igni-tion interlock device.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘or a State agency’’ and in-
serting ‘‘or an agency with jurisdiction’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘bond,’’ before ‘‘sentence’’; (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘who plead 
guilty or’’ and inserting ‘‘who was arrested, plead guilty, or’’; and 
(C) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘at an in- 
person testing location’’ after ‘‘per day’’. 
SEC. 34104. REPEAT OFFENDER CRITERIA. 
Section 164(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) 24–7 
SOBRIETY PROGRAM .—The term ‘24– 
7 sobriety program’ has the meaning given the term in section 405(d)(7)(A).’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws or programs’’ after ‘‘State law’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) receive, for a period of not less than 1 
year— 
‘‘(i) a suspension of all driving privileges; ‘‘(ii) a restriction on driving privileges 
that limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock de-vice installed, unless a special exception ap-plies; 
‘‘(iii) a restriction on driving privileges 
that limits the individual to operating motor vehicles only if participating in, and com-plying with, a 24–7 sobriety program; or 
‘‘(iv) any combination of clauses (i) 
through (iii);’’; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; and 
(E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (i) in clause (i)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5273 July 21, 2015 
(I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general 
practice is that such an individual will be in-carcerated; and’’; and (ii) in clause (ii)— 
(I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general 
practice is that such an individual will re-ceive approximately 10 days of incarcer-ation.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end— ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL EXCEPTION .—The term ‘special 
exception’ means an exception under a State alcohol-ignition interlock law for the fol-lowing circumstances: 
‘‘(A) The individual is required to operate 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(B) The individual is certified by a med-
ical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an igni-tion interlock device.’’. 
SEC. 34105. STUDY ON THE NATIONAL ROADSIDE 
SURVEY OF ALCOHOL AND DRUG USE BY DRIVERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that 
the Comptroller General reviews and reports on the overall value of the National Roadside Survey to researchers and other public safe-ty stakeholders, the differences between a National Roadside Survey site and typical law enforcement checkpoints, and the effec-tiveness of the National Roadside Survey methodology at protecting the privacy of the driving public, as requested by the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate on June 5, 2014 (Senate Report 113–182), the Sec-retary shall report to Congress on the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion’s progress toward reviewing that report and implementing any recommendations made in that report. 
SEC. 34106. INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF 
THE DANGERS OF DRUG-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Adminis-
trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration, in consultation with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, State highway safety offices, and other interested parties, as determined by the Administrator, shall identify and carry out additional actions that should be under-taken by the Administration to assist States in their efforts to increase public awareness of the dangers of drug-impaired driving, in-cluding the dangers of driving while under the influence of heroin or prescription opioids. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the additional actions undertaken by the Administration pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 34107. IMPROVEMENT OF DATA COLLECTION 
ON CHILD OCCUPANTS IN VEHICLE CRASHES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investiga-tion data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever 
a child restraint system was in use in a vehi-cle involved in a crash: 
(1) The type or types of child restraint sys-
tems in use during the crash in any vehicle involved in the crash, including whether a five-point harness or belt-positioning boost-er. 
(2) If a five-point harness child restraint 
system was in use during the crash, whether the child restraint system was forward-fac-ing or rear-facing in the vehicle concerned. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In implementing sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall work with law enforcement officials, safety advocates, the medical community, and research orga-nizations to improve the recordation of data described in subsection (a) in police and other applicable incident reports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report on child occupant crash data collection in the crash investigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration pursuant to the revision required by subsection (a). 
PART II—STOP MOTORCYCLE 
CHECKPOINT FUNDING ACT 
SEC. 34121. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Motor-
cycle Checkpoint Funding Act’’. 
SEC. 34122. GRANT RESTRICTION. 
Notwithstanding section 153 of title 23, 
United States Code, the Secretary may not provide a grant or any funds to a State, county, town, township, Indian tribe, mu-nicipality, or other local government that may be used for any program— 
(1) to check helmet usage; or (2) to create checkpoints that specifically 
target motorcycle operators or motorcycle passengers. 
PART III—IMPROVING DRIVER SAFETY 
ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34131. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Driver Safety Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34132. DISTRACTED DRIVING INCENTIVE 
GRANTS. 
Section 405(e) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘includes 
distracted driving issues as part of the State’s driver’s license examination and’’ after ‘‘any State that’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a vio-
lation of the statute; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to use a personal wireless communications device for texting while stopped in traffic.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) prohibits the use of a personal wire-
less communications device while driving for drivers— 
‘‘(i) younger than 18 years of age; or ‘‘(ii) in the learner’s permit and inter-
mediate license stages;’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a vio-
lation of the statute; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communications device 
while stopped in traffic.’’; and (4) in para-graph (4)— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 31152’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 31136’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any additional exceptions determined 
by the Secretary through the rulemaking process.’’; 
(5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL DISTRACTED DRIVING  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall use up to 50 percent of the amounts available for grants under this subsection to award grants to any State that— 
‘‘(i) in fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(I) certifies that it has enacted a basic 
text messaging statute that— 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; 
and 
‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text 
messaging statute a primary offense or sec-ondary enforcement action as allowed by State statute; and 
‘‘(II) is otherwise ineligible for a grant 
under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements under clause 
(i); 
‘‘(II) imposes fines for violations; and ‘‘(III) has a statute that prohibits drivers 
who are younger than 18 years of age from using a personal wireless communications device while driving. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (5) and subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this subparagraph, amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for activities related to the enforcement of distracted driving laws, including for public information and awareness purposes. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017.—In fiscal year 2017, 
up to 15 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activity under sec-tion 402. 
2‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018.—In fiscal year 
2018, up to 25 percent of the amounts re-ceived by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activ-ity under section 402.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding operation while temporarily sta-tionary because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
SEC. 34133. BARRIERS TO DATA COLLECTION RE-
PORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) identifies any legal and technical bar-
riers to capturing adequate data on the prev-alence of the use of wireless communications devices while driving; and 
(2) provides recommendations on how to 
address such barriers. 
SEC. 34134. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR STATE 
GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING IN-CENTIVE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 405(g)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘21’’ 
and inserting ‘‘18’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5274 July 21, 2015 
(2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) L ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in 
compliance with the 2-stage licensing proc-ess described in this subparagraph if the State’s driver’s license laws include— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under paragraph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a pri-mary offense; 
‘‘(III) requires applicants to successfully 
pass a vision and knowledge assessment prior to receiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accom-
panied and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a li-censed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a State-certified driving instructor; 
‘‘(V) has a requirement that the driver— ‘‘(aa) complete a State-certified driver edu-
cation or training course; or 
‘‘(bb) obtain at least 50 hours of behind- 
the-wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
intermediate stage; or 
‘‘(bb) reaches 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) commences immediately after the ex-
piration of the learner’s permit stage and successful completion of a driving skills as-sessment; 
‘‘(II) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(III) prohibits the driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device (as de-fined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under para-graph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a primary of-fense; 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 months of the inter-
mediate stage, restricts driving at night be-tween the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transpor-tation to work, school, religious activities, or emergencies; 
‘‘(V) prohibits the driver from operating a 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial passenger younger than 21 years of age un-less a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver 
reaches 17 years of age; and 
‘‘(iii) a learner’s permit and intermediate 
stage that require, in addition to any other penalties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be auto-matically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a driving-related of-fense during the first 6 months, including— 
‘‘(I) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(II) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(III) reckless driving; ‘‘(IV) driving without wearing a seat belt; 
‘‘(V) speeding; or ‘‘(VI) any other driving-related offense, as 
determined by the Secretary.’’. 
PART IV—TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 34141. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE 
MOTOR VEHICLE AND HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
(a) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
402 of title 23, United States Code is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘ex-
cept as provided in paragraph (3),’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘in which a State’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for which a State’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (k)(4), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 403(e) of title 23, United 
States Code is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49’’ after ‘‘chapter 301’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 405 of title 23, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(5), by striking ‘‘section 
402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 402’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(4)(A)(iv), by striking 
‘‘developed under subsection (g)’’. 
Subtitle B—Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 34201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, amounts as follows: 
(1) $132,730,000 for fiscal year 2016. (2) $135,517,330 for fiscal year 2017. (3) $138,363,194 for fiscal year 2018. (4) $141,268,821 for fiscal year 2019. (5) $144,235,466 for fiscal year 2020. (6) $147,264,411 for fiscal year 2021. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO -
PRIATIONS IF A CERTIFICATION ISMADE.— 
(1) I NGENERAL .—In addition to the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) is made during a fis-cal year there is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary for that purpose for that fiscal year and subsequent fiscal years an additional amount as follows: 
(A) $46,270,000 for fiscal year 2016. (B) $51,537,670 for fiscal year 2017. (C) $57,296,336 for fiscal year 2018. (D) $62,999,728 for fiscal year 2019. (E) $69,837,974 for fiscal year 2020. (F) $76,656,407 for fiscal year 2021. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-
cation described in this paragraph is a cer-tification made by the Secretary and sub-mitted to Congress that the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration has im-plemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). As part of the certification, the Secretary shall review the actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has taken to imple-ment the recommendations and issue a re-port to Congress detailing how the rec-ommendations were implemented. The Sec-retary shall not delegate or assign the re-sponsibility under this paragraph. 
SEC. 34202. INSPECTOR GENERAL RECOMMENDA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, the Department of Transportation In-spector General shall report to the appro-priate committees of Congress on whether and what progress has been made to imple-ment the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PROGRESS .—The Ad-
ministrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the actions the Administrator has taken to implement the recommenda-tions in the audit report described in sub-section (a), including a plan for imple-menting any remaining recommendations; 
and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, issue a final report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the implementation of all of the rec-ommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OMPLETION DATE .—The term ‘‘comple-
tion date’’ means the date that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has implemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
SEC. 34203. IMPROVEMENTS IN AVAILABILITY OF 
RECALL INFORMATION. 
(a) V EHICLE RECALL INFORMATION .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall imple-ment current information technology, web design trends, and best practices that will help ensure that motor vehicle safety recall information available to the public on the Federal website is readily accessible and easy to use, including— 
(1) by improving the organization, avail-
ability, readability, and functionality of the website; 
(2) by accommodating high-traffic volume; 
and 
(3) by establishing best practices for sched-
uling routine website maintenance. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
PUBLIC AWARENESS REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
shall study the current use by consumers, dealers, and manufacturers of the safety re-call information made available to the pub-lic, including the usability and content of the Federal and manufacturers’ websites and the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration’s efforts to publicize and educate consumers about safety recall information. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall issue a report with the findings of the study under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommending any actions the Sec-retary can take to improve public awareness and use of the websites for safety recall in-formation. 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—Sec-
tion 31301(c) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30166 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .— 
The Secretary shall improve public aware-ness of safety recall information made pub-licly available by periodically updating the method of conveying that information to consumers, dealers, and manufacturers, such as through public service announcements.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet detailed guidance for consumers submitting safety complaints, in-cluding— 
(1) a detailed explanation of what informa-
tion a consumer should include in a com-plaint; and 
(2) a detailed explanation of the possible 
actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can take to address a com-plaint and respond to the consumer, includ-ing information on— 
(A) the consumer records, such as photo-
graphs and police reports, that could assist with an investigation; and 
(B) the length of time a consumer should 
retain the records described in subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5275 July 21, 2015 
(e) VIN S EARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with industry, including manufactur-ers and dealers, shall study— 
(A) the feasibility of searching multiple ve-
hicle identification numbers at a time to re-trieve motor vehicle safety recall informa-tion; and 
(B) the feasibility of making the search 
mechanism described under subparagraph (A) publicly available. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the 
study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the potential costs, and poten-tial risks to privacy and security in imple-menting such a search mechanism. 
SEC. 34204. RECALL PROCESS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION IMPROVEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revis-ing the regulations under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to in-clude notification by electronic means in ad-dition to notification by first class mail. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF ELECTRONIC MEANS .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online cam-paigns, as determined by the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION BY MANUFACTURER .—Sec-
tion 30118(c) is amended by inserting ‘‘or electronic mail’’ after ‘‘certified mail’’. 
(c) R
ECALL COMPLETION RATES REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter for 4 years, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an analysis of vehicle safety 
recall completion rates to assess potential actions by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to improve vehicle safety recall completion rates; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the 
Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the analysis. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report shall include— 
(A) the annual recall completion rate by 
manufacturer, model year, component (such as brakes, fuel systems, and air bags), and vehicle type (passenger car, sport utility ve-hicle, passenger van, and pick-up truck) for each of the 5 years before the year the report is submitted; 
(B) the methods by which the Secretary 
has conducted analyses of these recall com-pletion rates to determine trends and iden-tify risk factors associated with lower recall rates; and 
(C) the actions the Secretary has planned 
to improve recall completion rates based on the results of this data analysis. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF VEHICLE  
RECALLS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s management of vehicle safety recalls. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include a 
determination of whether the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration— 
(A) appropriately monitors recalls to en-
sure the appropriateness of scope and ade-quacy of recall completion rates and rem-edies; 
(B) ensures manufacturers provide safe 
remedies, at no cost to consumers; 
(C) is capable of coordinating recall rem-
edies and processes; and 
(D) can improve its policy on consumer no-
tice to combat effects of recall fatigue. 
SEC. 34205. PILOT GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATE 
NOTIFICATION TO CONSUMERS OF MOTOR VEHICLE RECALL STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall implement a 2-year pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and 
effectiveness of a State process for informing consumers of open motor vehicle recalls at the time of motor vehicle registration in the State. 
(b) G
RANTS .—To carry out this program, 
the Secretary may make a grant to each eli-gible State, but not more than 6 eligible States in total, that agrees to comply with the requirements under subsection (c). Funds made available to a State under this section shall be used by the State for the pilot pro-gram described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant, 
a State shall— 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) agree to notify, at the time of registra-
tion, each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle presented for registration in the State of any open recall on that vehicle; 
(3) provide the open motor vehicle recall 
information at no cost to each owner or les-see of a motor vehicle presented for registra-tion in the State; and 
(4) provide such other information as the 
Secretary may require. 
(d) A
WARDS .—In selecting an applicant for 
an award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for determining open recalls on a motor vehicle, for informing consumers of the open recalls, and for determining performance. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—Each grant 
awarded under this section shall require a 2- year performance period. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the completion of the performance period under subsection (e), a grantee shall provide to the Secretary a report of performance containing such information as the Sec-retary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which open recalls have been rem-edied. 
(g) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which open recalls identified have been rem-edied. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONSUMER .—The term ‘‘consumer’’ in-
cludes owner and lessee. 
(2) M OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘motor ve-
hicle’’ has the meaning given the term under section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) O
PEN RECALL .—The term ‘‘open recall’’ 
means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under sec-tion 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
(4) R
EGISTRATION .—The term ‘‘registra-
tion’’ means the process for registering motor vehicles in the State. 
(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given the term under section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 34206. RECALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER BANK-
RUPTCY. 
Section 30120A is amended by striking 
‘‘chapter 11 of title 11,’’ and inserting ‘‘chap-ter 7 or chapter 11 of title 11’’. 
SEC. 34207. DEALER REQUIREMENT TO CHECK 
FOR OPEN RECALL. 
Section 30120(f) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘A manufacturer’’ and indenting appro-priately; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) at the time of providing service for 
each of the manufacturer’s motor vehicles it services, the dealer notifies the owner or the individual requesting the service of any open recall; and ‘‘(B) the notification requirement under 
subparagraph (A) is specified in a franchise, operating, or other agreement between the dealer and the manufacturer.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘open recall’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufac-turer has been provided under section 30119 and that has not been remedied under this section.’’. 
SEC. 34208. EXTENSION OF TIME PERIOD FOR 
REMEDY OF TIRE DEFECTS. 
Section 30120(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60-day’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘180- day’’. 
SEC. 34209. RENTAL CAR SAFETY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 30102(a) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and 
(11) as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘covered rental vehicle’ means a motor 
vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) has a gross vehicle weight rating of 
10,000 pounds or less; 
‘‘(B) is rented without a driver for an ini-
tial term of less than 4 months; and 
‘‘(C) is part of a motor vehicle fleet of or 
more motor vehicles that are used for rental purposes by a rental company.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (10), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(11) ‘rental company’ means a person 
who— 
‘‘(A) is engaged in the business of renting 
covered rental vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) uses for rental purposes a motor vehi-
cle fleet of or more covered rental vehicles.’’. 
(c) R
EMEDIES FOR DEFECTS AND NONCOMPLI -
ANCE .—Section 30120(i) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘, 
ORRENTAL ’’ at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) If notification’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If notification’’; 
(B) by indenting subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
four ems from the left margin; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘or the manufacturer has 
provided to a rental company notification about a covered rental vehicle in the com-pany’s possession at the time of notifica-tion’’ after ‘‘time of notification’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘the dealer may sell or 
lease,’’ and inserting ‘‘the dealer or rental company may sell, lease, or rent’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sale 
or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘sale, lease, or rental agreement’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to prohibit a dealer or rental company from offering the vehicle or equipment for sale, lease, or rent.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC RULES FOR RENTAL COMPA -
NIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided under this paragraph, a rental com-pany shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subpara-graph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 24 hours after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5276 July 21, 2015 
earliest receipt of the notice to owner under 
subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (includ-ing the vehicle identification number for the covered vehicle) by the rental company, whether by electronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR LARGE VEHICLE  
FLEETS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
if a rental company receives a notice to owner covering more than 5,000 motor vehi-cles in its fleet, the rental company shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subparagraph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 48 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identification number for the covered vehi-cle) by the rental company, whether by elec-tronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR WHEN REMEDIES NOT  
IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE .—If a notification 
required under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 indicates that the remedy for the defect or noncompliance is not immediately avail-able and specifies actions to temporarily alter the vehicle that eliminate the safety risk posed by the defect or noncompliance, the rental company, after causing the speci-fied actions to be performed, may rent (but may not sell or lease) the motor vehicle. Once the remedy for the rental vehicle be-comes available to the rental company, the rental company may not rent the vehicle until the vehicle has been remedied, as pro-vided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(D) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO JUNK AUTO -
MOBILES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), 
this subsection does not prohibit a rental company from selling a covered rental vehi-cle if such vehicle— 
‘‘(i) meets the definition of a junk auto-
mobile under section 201 of the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 (49 U.S.C. 30501); 
‘‘(ii) is retitled as a junk automobile pursu-
ant to applicable State law; and 
‘‘(iii) is reported to the National Motor Ve-
hicle Information System, if required under section 204 of such Act (49 U.S.C. 30504).’’. 
(d) M
AKING SAFETY DEVICES AND ELEMENTS  
INOPERATIVE .—Section 30122(b) is amended by 
inserting ‘‘rental company,’’ after ‘‘dealer,’’ each place such term appears. 
(e) I
NSPECTIONS , I NVESTIGATIONS , AND 
RECORDS .—Section 30166 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘or 
dealer’’ each place such term appears and in-serting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘or deal-
er’’ each place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘or to 
owners’’ and inserting ‘‘, rental companies, or other owners’’. 
(f) R
ESEARCH AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of Transportation may conduct a study of— 
(1) the effectiveness of the amendments 
made by this section; and 
(2) other activities of rental companies (as 
defined in section 30102(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code) related to their use and disposition of motor vehicles that are the subject of a notification required under sec-tion 30118 of title 49, United States Code. 
(g) S
TUDY .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Section 
32206(b)(2) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 785) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (G); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) evaluate the completion of safety re-
call remedies on rental trucks; and’’. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Section 32206(c) of such Act is 
amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘R EPORT .—Not later’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) R EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (E) and (G) of subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
AFETY RECALL REMEDY REPORT .—Not 
later than year after the date of the enact-ment of the ‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional committees set forth in paragraph (1) that contains— 
‘‘(A) the findings of the study conducted 
pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(F); and 
‘‘(B) any recommendations for legislation 
that the Secretary determines to be appro-priate.’’. 
(h) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
solicit comments regarding the implementa-tion of this section from members of the pub-lic, including rental companies, consumer organizations, automobile manufacturers, and automobile dealers. 
(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this sec-tion— 
(1) may be construed to create or increase 
any liability, including for loss of use, for a manufacturer as a result of having manufac-tured or imported a motor vehicle subject to a notification of defect or noncompliance under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(2) shall supersede or otherwise affect the 
contractual obligations, if any, between such a manufacturer and a rental company (as de-fined in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
(j) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary may pro-
mulgate rules, as appropriate, to implement this section and the amendments made by this section. 
(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 34210. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES .—Section 
30165(a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$14,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$70,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$14,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$70,000,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) of this section take effect on the date that the Secretary cer-tifies to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has issued the final rule required by section 31203(b) of the Moving Ahead for Progress In the 21st Cen-tury Act (Public Law 112-141; 126 Stat. 758; 49 U.S.C. 30165 note). 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—The 
Secretary shall publish notice of the effec-tive date under subsection (b) of this section in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 34211. ELECTRONIC ODOMETER DISCLO-
SURES. 
Section 32705(g) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not later 
than’’ and indenting appropriately; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and 
subject to paragraph (3), a State, without ap-proval from the Secretary under subsection 
(d), may allow for written disclosures or no-tices and related matters to be provided elec-tronically if— 
‘‘(A) in compliance with— ‘‘(i) the requirements of subchapter 1 of 
chapter 96 of title 15; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirements of a State law under 
section 7002(a) of title 15; and 
‘‘(B) the disclosures or notices otherwise 
meet the requirements under this section, including appropriate authentication and se-curity measures. 
‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) ceases to be effective on 
the date the regulations under paragraph (1) become effective.’’. 
SEC. 34212. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
NHTSA REPORTS. 
Section 30166(o) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a final rule under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 34213. DIRECT VEHICLE NOTIFICATION OF 
RECALLS. 
(a) R ECALL NOTIFICATION REPORT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report on the feasibility of a technical system that would operate in each new motor vehicle to indicate when the vehicle is subject to an open recall. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
section the term ‘‘open recall’’ means a re-call for which a notification by a manufac-turer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
SEC. 34214. UNATTENDED CHILDREN WARNING. 
Section 31504(a) of the Moving Ahead for 
Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 34215. TIRE PRESSURE MONITORING SYS-
TEM. 
(a) P ROPOSED RULE.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a proposed rule that updates the standards pertaining to tire pressure monitoring systems to ensure that a tire pressure monitoring system cannot be overridden, reset, or recalibrated to an un-safe pressure level. 
(b) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, after providing the public with sufficient oppor-tunity for notice and comment on the pro-posed rule published under subsection (a), the Secretary shall issue a final rule on the subject described in subsection (a). 
Subtitle C—Research and Development and 
Vehicle Electronics 
SEC. 34301. REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE 
COUNCIL FOR VEHICLE ELEC-TRONICS, VEHICLE SOFTWARE, AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report re-garding the operations of the Council for Ve-hicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies established under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include informa-tion about the accomplishments of the Coun-cil, the role of the Council in integrating and aggregating electronic and emerging tech-nologies expertise across the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration, the role 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5277 July 21, 2015 
of the Council in coordinating with other 
Federal agencies, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
SEC. 34302. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN GOV-
ERNMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 30182(b) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) in coordination with Department of 
State, enter into cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements with foreign governments.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting 
‘‘foreign government (in coordination with the Department of State)’’ after ‘‘institu-tion,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting 
‘‘foreign governments,’’ after ‘‘local govern-ments,’’. 
(c) A
UDIT.—The Department of Transpor-
tation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the Secretary of Transportation’s management and oversight of cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements, including any co-operative agreements between the Secretary of Transportation and foreign governments under section 30182(b)(6) of title 49, United States Code, and subsections (b)(2)(C) and (c)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—DRIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34401. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Driver Pri-
vacy Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34402. LIMITATIONS ON DATA RETRIEVAL 
FROM VEHICLE EVENT DATA RE-CORDERS. 
(a) O WNERSHIP OF DATA.—Any data re-
tained by an event data recorder (as defined in section 563.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), regardless of when the motor vehicle in which it is installed was manufac-tured, is the property of the owner, or, in the case of a leased vehicle, the lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data re-corder is installed. 
(b) P
RIVACY .—Data recorded or trans-
mitted by an event data recorder described in subsection (a) may not be accessed by a person other than an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data re-corder is installed unless— 
(1) a court or other judicial or administra-
tive authority having jurisdiction— 
(A) authorizes the retrieval of the data; 
and 
(B) to the extent that there is retrieved 
data, the data is subject to the standards for admission into evidence required by that court or other administrative authority; 
(2) an owner or a lessee of the motor vehi-
cle provides written, electronic, or recorded audio consent to the retrieval of the data for any purpose, including the purpose of diag-nosing, servicing, or repairing the motor ve-hicle, or by agreeing to a subscription that describes how data will be retrieved and used; 
(3) the data is retrieved pursuant to an in-
vestigation or inspection authorized under section 1131(a) or 30166 of title 49, United States Code, and the personally identifiable information of an owner or a lessee of the ve-hicle and the vehicle identification number is not disclosed in connection with the re-trieved data, except that the vehicle identi-fication number may be disclosed to the cer-tifying manufacturer; 
(4) the data is retrieved for the purpose of 
determining the need for, or facilitating, emergency medical response in response to a 
motor vehicle crash; or 
(5) the data is retrieved for traffic safety 
research, and the personally identifiable in-formation of an owner or a lessee of the vehi-cle and the vehicle identification number is not disclosed in connection with the re-trieved data. 
SEC. 34403. VEHICLE EVENT DATA RECORDER 
STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of a study conducted by the Administrator to determine the amount of time event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehi-cles should capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data in conjunction with an event in order to provide sufficient informa-tion to investigate the cause of motor vehi-cle crashes. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years 
after submitting the report required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion shall promulgate regulations to estab-lish the appropriate period during which event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles may capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data to the time necessary to provide accident investigators with vehicle-related information pertinent to crashes involving such motor vehicles. 
PART II—SAFETY THROUGH INFORMED 
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34421. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Safety 
Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34422. PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLE INFOR-
MATION. 
Section 32302 is amended by inserting after 
subsection (b) the following: 
‘‘(c) C RASH AVOIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Safe-ty Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015, the Secretary shall promulgate a rule to en-sure that crash avoidance information is in-dicated next to crashworthiness information on stickers placed on motor vehicles by their manufacturers.’’. 
PART III—TIRE EFFICIENCY, SAFETY, AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34431. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Tire Effi-
ciency, Safety, and Registration Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘TESR Act’’. 
SEC. 34432. TIRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM 
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
Section 32304A is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘AND STANDARDS ’’ after ‘‘ CONSUMER 
TIRE INFORMATION ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
ULE-
MAKING ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSUMER TIREIN-
FORMATION ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(referred 
to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (b) 
through (e) as subsections (e) through (h), re-spectively; and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREFUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall promulgate regula-tions for tire fuel efficiency minimum per-formance standards for— 
‘‘(A) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability equal to or less than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour; 
and 
‘‘(B) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PER -
FORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TANDARD BASIS AND TEST PROCE -
DURES .—The minimum performance stand-
ards promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms of the rolling resist-ance coefficient measured using the test pro-cedure specified in section 575.106 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
‘‘(B) N
O DISPARATE EFFECT ON HIGH PER -
FORMANCE TIRES .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the minimum performance stand-ards promulgated under paragraph (1) will not have a disproportionate effect on pas-senger car high performance tires with a maximum speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies 
to new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does 
not apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, winter-type snow tires, spacesaver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(c) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREWETTRACTION MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations for tire wet traction minimum performance standards to ensure 
that passenger tire wet traction capability is not reduced to achieve improved tire fuel ef-ficiency. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE WET TRACTION MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) B ASIS OF STANDARD .—The minimum 
performance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms of peak coefficient of friction. 
‘‘(B) T
EST PROCEDURES .—Any test proce-
dure promulgated under this subsection shall be consistent with any test procedure pro-mulgated under subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) B
ENCHMARKING .—The Secretary shall 
conduct testing to benchmark the wet trac-tion performance of tire models available for sale in the United States as of the date of en-actment of this Act to ensure that the min-imum performance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) are tailored to— 
‘‘(i) tires sold in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) the needs of consumers in the United 
States. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies 
to new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does 
not apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, winter-type snow tires, spacesaver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION AMONG REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPATIBILITY .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the test procedures and require-ments promulgated under subsections (a), (b), and (c) are compatible and consistent. 
‘‘(2) C
OMBINED EFFECT OF RULES .—The Sec-
retary shall evaluate the regulations pro-mulgated under subsections (b) and (c) to en-sure that compliance with the minimum per-formance standards promulgated under sub-section (b) will not diminish wet traction performance of affected tires. 
‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—The Sec-
retary shall promulgate— 
‘‘(A) the regulations under subsections (b) 
and (c) not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) the regulations under subsection (c) 
not later than the date of promulgation of the regulations under subsection (b).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5278 July 21, 2015 
SEC. 34433. TIRE REGISTRATION BY INDE-
PENDENT SELLERS. 
Section 30117(b) is amended by striking 
paragraph (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) R ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ini-
tiate a rulemaking to require a distributor 
or dealer of tires that is not owned or con-trolled by a manufacturer of tires to main-tain records of— 
‘‘(i) the name and address of tire pur-
chasers and lessors and information identi-fying the tire that was purchased or leased; and 
‘‘(ii) any additional records the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC TRANSMISSION .—The rule-
making carried out under subparagraph (A) shall require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manu-facturer of tires to electronically transmit the records described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) to the manufacturer of the tires or the designee of the manufacturer by secure means at no cost to tire purchasers or lessors. 
‘‘(C) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS .—A 
regulation promulgated under subparagraph (A) may be considered to satisfy the require-ments of paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 34434. TIRE RECALL DATABASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a publicly available and searchable electronic database of tire recall information that is reported to the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration. 
(b) T
IRE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER .—The 
database established under subsection (a) shall be searchable by Tire Identification Number (TIN) and any other criteria that as-sists consumers in determining whether a tire is subject to a recall. 
TITLE XXXV—RAILROAD REFORM, 
ENHANCEMENT, AND EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 35001. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This title may be cited as the ‘‘Railroad 
Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 35002. PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION; DEFI-
NITIONS. 
Section 24102 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) ‘long-distance route’ means a route de-
scribed in paragraph (6)(C).’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (6)(A), as redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) the Northeast Corridor main line be-
tween Boston, Massachusetts and the Vir-ginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (7), as redesignated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ for the purposes of chapter 243 means the main line between Boston, Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) ‘state-of-good-repair’ means a condi-
tion in which physical assets, both individ-ually and as a system, are— 
‘‘(A) performing at a level at least equal to 
that called for in their as-built or as-modi-fied design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
‘‘(B) sustained through regular mainte-
nance and replacement programs. 
‘‘(12) ‘State-supported route’ means a route 
described in paragraph (6)(B) or paragraph (6)(D), or in section 24702(a).’’. Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 35101. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS TO AM-
TRAK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $1,450,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $1,550,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $1,700,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $1,900,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to one half of 1 percent of the amount appropriated under subsection (a) for the costs of management oversight of Amtrak. 
(c) C
OMPETITION .—In administering grants 
to Amtrak under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary may with-hold, from amounts that would otherwise be made available to Amtrak, such sums as are necessary from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section to cover the operating subsidy described in section 24711(b)(1)(E)(ii) of title 49, United States Code. 
(d) S
TATE -SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
The Secretary may withhold up to $2,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the State-Supported Route Com-mittee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to $5,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35102. NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SAFETY INVESTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for grants under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $350,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $430,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $600,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $900,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR NATIONAL TRANSPOR-TATION SAFETY BOARD RAIL INVES-TIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, there are authorized to be appropriated to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board to carry out railroad ac-cident investigations under section 1131(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $6,300,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $6,400,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $6,500,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $6,600,000. (b) I
NVESTIGATION PERSONNEL .—Amounts 
appropriated under subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be available to the National Trans-portation Safety Board for personnel, in re-gional offices and in Washington, DC, whose duties involve railroad accident investiga-tions. 
SEC. 35104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR AMTRAK OFFICE OF IN-SPECTOR GENERAL. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Office of Inspector General of Amtrak the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $20,500,000. 
(3) For fiscal year 2018, $21,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $21,500,000. 
SEC. 35105. NATIONAL COOPERATIVE RAIL RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24910 is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (13), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to improve the overall safety of inter-
city passenger and freight rail operations.’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (e) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(e) A
LLOCATION .—At least $5,000,000 of the 
amounts appropriated to the Secretary for a fiscal year to carry out railroad research and development programs shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reform 
SEC. 35201. AMTRAK GRANT PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS AND PROCEDURES .— 
Chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24317. Costs and revenues 
(a) A
LLOCATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall establish and maintain inter-nal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs, reve-nues, and other compensation are appro-priately and proportionally allocated to its Northeast Corridor train services or infra-structure, its State-supported routes, its long-distance routes, and its other national network activities. 
(b) R
ULE OFCONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit the ability of Amtrak to enter into an agree-ment with 1 or more States to allocate oper-ating and capital costs under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘§ 24318. Grant process 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR GRANT REQUESTS .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives substantive and procedural requirements, including sched-ules, for grant requests under this section. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT REQUESTS .—Amtrak shall 
transmit grant requests for Federal funds ap-propriated to the Secretary of Transpor-tation for the use of Amtrak to— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A grant request under sub-
section (b) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe projected operating and cap-
ital costs for the upcoming fiscal year for Northeast Corridor train services and infra-structure, Amtrak’s State-supported routes, and Amtrak’s long-distance routes, and Am-trak’s other national network activities, as applicable, in comparison to prior fiscal year actual financial performance; 
‘‘(2) describe the capital projects to be 
funded, with cost estimates and an estimated timetable for completion of the projects cov-ered by the request; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.050 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5279 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) assess Amtrak’s financial condition; 
‘‘(4) be displayed on Amtrak’s Web site 
within a reasonable timeframe following its transmission under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(5) describe how the funding requested in 
a grant will be allocated to the accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a), considering the projected operating losses or capital costs for services and activities associated with such accounts over the time period in-tended to be covered by the grants. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) T HIRTY -DAY APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date that Amtrak submits a grant request under this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall complete a review of the request and provide notice to Amtrak that— 
‘‘(i) the request is approved; or ‘‘(ii) the request is disapproved, including 
the reason for the disapproval and an expla-nation of any incomplete or deficient items. 
‘‘(B) G
RANT AGREEMENT .—If a grant request 
is approved, the Secretary shall enter into a grant agreement with Amtrak that allocates the grant funding to 1 of the 4 accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a). 
‘‘(2) F
IFTEEN -DAY MODIFICATION PERIOD .— 
Not later than 15 days after the date of the notice under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), Amtrak shall submit a modified request for the Sec-retary’s review. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFIED REQUESTS .—Not later than 15 
days after the date that Amtrak submits a modified request under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still incomplete or deficient, the Secretary shall identify in writing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives the remaining deficiencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding por-tions of the request. 
‘‘(e) P
AYMENTS TO AMTRAK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant agreement en-
tered into under subsection (d) shall specify the operations, services, and other activities to be funded by the grant. The grant agree-ment shall include provisions, consistent with the requirements of this chapter, to measure Amtrak’s performance and ensure accountability in delivering the operations, services, or activities to be funded by the grant. 
‘‘(2) S
CHEDULE .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), in each fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak, and for which the Sec-retary and Amtrak have entered into a grant agreement under subsection (d), the Sec-retary shall disburse grant funds to Amtrak on the following schedule: 
‘‘(A) 50 percent on October 1. ‘‘(B) 25 percent on January 1. ‘‘(C) 25 percent on April 1. (3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may make 
a payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds— 
‘‘(A) more frequently than the schedule 
under paragraph (2) if Amtrak, for good cause, requests more frequent payment be-fore the end of a payment period; or 
‘‘(B) with a different frequency or in dif-
ferent percentage allocations in the event of a continuing resolution or in the absence of an appropriations Act for the duration of a fiscal year. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS AND EARLY  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated to 
the Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall re-main available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may 
be appropriated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obli-gated. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.—Amounts appro-
priated to the Secretary for the use of Am-trak may not be used to cross-subsidize oper-ating losses or capital costs of commuter rail passenger or freight rail transportation. 
‘‘§ 24319. Accounts 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNTS .—Begin-
ning not later than October 1, 2016, Amtrak, in consultation with the Secretary of Trans-portation, shall define and establish— 
‘‘(1) a Northeast Corridor investment ac-
count, including subaccounts for Amtrak train services and infrastructure; 
‘‘(2) a State-supported account; ‘‘(3) a long-distance account; and ‘‘(4) another national network activities 
account. 
‘‘(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVESTMENT AC-
COUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the Northeast Corridor investment account established under subsection (a)(1)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from com-
muter rail passenger transportation pro-viders for such providers’ share of capital costs on the Northeast Corridor provided to Amtrak under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the North-
east Corridor train services or infrastruc-ture, as allocated under section 24317; and 
‘‘(D) any other net revenue received in as-
sociation with the Northeast Corridor, in-cluding freight access fees, electric propul-sion, and commercial development. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVEST -
MENT ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in sub-
section (f), amounts deposited in the North-east Corridor investment account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for its share of— 
‘‘(A) capital projects described in section 
24904(a)(2)(E)(i), and developed under the planning process established under that sec-tion, to bring Northeast Corridor infrastruc-ture to a state-of-good-repair; 
‘‘(B) capital projects described in clauses 
(ii) and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E) that are developed under the planning process estab-lished under that section intended to in-crease corridor capacity, improve service re-liability, and reduce travel time on the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(C) capital projects to improve safety and 
security; 
‘‘(D) capital projects to improve customer 
service and amenities; 
‘‘(E) acquiring, rehabilitating, manufac-
turing, remanufacturing, overhauling, or im-proving equipment and associated facilities used for intercity rail passenger transpor-tation by Northeast Corridor train services; 
‘‘(F) retirement of principal and payment 
of interest on loans for capital projects de-scribed in this paragraph or for capital leases for equipment and related to the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(G) participation in public-private part-
nerships, joint ventures, and other mecha-nisms or arrangements that result in the completion of capital projects described in this paragraph; and 
‘‘(H) indirect, common, corporate, or other 
costs directly incurred by or allocated to the Northeast Corridor. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the State-supported account established under subsection (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its State- 
supported routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF STATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .— 
Except as provided in subsection (f), amounts deposited in the State-supported account shall be made available for the use of Am-trak for capital expenses and operating costs, including indirect, common, cor-porate, or other costs directly incurred by or allocated to State-supported routes, of its State-supported routes and retirement of principal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to its State-sup-ported routes. 
‘‘(d) L
ONG-DISTANCE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the long-distance account established under subsection (a)(3)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak for costs associ-ated with its long-distance routes; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its long- 
distance routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF LONG -DISTANCE ACCOUNT .—Ex-
cept as provided in subsection (f), amounts deposited in the long-distance account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for capital expenses and operating costs, includ-ing indirect, common, corporate, or other costs directly incurred by or allocated to long-distance routes, of its long-distance routes and retirement of principal and pay-ment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to the long-distance routes. 
‘‘(e) O
THER NATIONAL NETWORK ACTIVITIES  
ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the other national network activities ac-count established under subsection (a)(4)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak for costs associ-ated with its other national network activi-ties; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its other 
national network activities. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF OTHER NATIONAL NETWORK AC -
TIVITIES ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in 
subsection (f), amounts deposited into the other national network activities account shall be made available for the use of Am-trak for capital and operating costs not allo-cated to the Northeast Corridor investment account, State-supported account, or long- distance account, and retirement of prin-cipal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to other national network activities. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Amtrak may transfer any 
funds appropriated under the authorization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5280 July 21, 2015 
in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, 
Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the accounts described in that section, or any surplus gen-erated by operations, between the Northeast Corridor, State-supported, long-distance, and other national network activities accounts— 
‘‘(A) upon the expiration of 10 days after 
the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors, including the Secretary, of the planned transfer; and 
‘‘(B) with the approval of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 days after 
the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the transfer; and ‘‘(B) a detailed explanation of the reason 
for the transfer, including— 
‘‘(i) the effects on Amtrak services funded 
by the account from which the transfer is drawn, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made; and 
‘‘(ii) the effects on Amtrak services funded 
by the account receiving the transfer, in comparison to a scenario in which no trans-fer was made. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .—Not later 
than 5 days after the date that Amtrak noti-fies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the State-supported account, Am-trak shall transmit to each State that spon-sors a State-supported route a letter that in-cludes the information described under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ACCOUNT .—Not 
later than 5 days after the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the Northeast Corridor account, Amtrak shall transmit to the Northeast Cor-ridor Commission a letter that includes the information described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall 
enforce the provisions of each grant agree-ment under section 24318(d), including any deposit into an account under this section. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary may 
issue a letter of intent to Amtrak announc-ing an intention to obligate, for a major cap-ital project described in clauses (ii) and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E), an amount from fu-ture available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipu-lated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—At least 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify in writing the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed let-ter. The Secretary shall include with the no-tice a copy of the proposed letter, the cri-teria used for selecting the project for a grant award, and a description of how the project meets the criteria under this section. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINGENT NATURE OF OBLIGATION OR  
COMMITMENT .—An obligation or administra-
tive commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of in-tent shall state that the contingent commit-ment is not an obligation of the Federal Gov-ernment, and is subject to the availability of 
appropriations under Federal law and to Fed-eral laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table 
of contents for chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24317. Costs and revenues. ‘‘24318. Grant process. ‘‘24319. Accounts.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT OF GRANT PROCESS .— 
Section 206 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act are re-pealed. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 24104 and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of chapter 241 are repealed. 
SEC. 35202. 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND ASSETS 
PLANS. 
(a) A MTRAK 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND  
ASSET PLANS .—Chapter 243, as amended by 
section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 24319 the following: 
‘‘§ 24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and 
asset plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) F INAL PLANS .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 15 of each year, Amtrak shall submit to Congress and the Secretary final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans prepared in accordance with this section. These final plans shall form the basis for Amtrak’s general and legislative annual re-port to the President and Congress required by section 24315(b). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—Each plan pre-
pared under this section shall be based on funding levels authorized or otherwise avail-able to Amtrak in a fiscal year. In the ab-sence of an authorization or appropriation of funds for a fiscal year, the plans shall be based on the amount of funding available in the previous fiscal year, plus inflation. Am-trak may include an appendix to the asset plan required in subsection (c) that describes any capital funding requirements in excess of amounts authorized or otherwise available to Amtrak in a fiscal year for capital invest-ment. 
‘‘(b) A
MTRAK 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE 
PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) A MTRAK BUSINESS LINES .—Amtrak 
shall prepare a 5-year business line plan for each of the following business lines and serv-ices: 
‘‘(A) Northeast Corridor train services. ‘‘(B) State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak. 
‘‘(C) Long-distance routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(D) Ancillary services operated by Am-
trak, including commuter operations and other revenue generating activities as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE  
PLANS .—The 5-year business line plan for 
each business line shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(A) a statement of Amtrak’s vision, goals, 
and service plan for the business line, coordi-nated with any entities that are contrib-uting capital or operating funding to support passenger rail services within those business lines, and aligned with Amtrak’s Strategic Plan and 5-year asset plans under subsection (c); 
‘‘(B) all projected revenues and expendi-
tures for the business line, including identi-fication of revenues and expenditures in-curred by— 
‘‘(i) passenger operations; ‘‘(ii) non-passenger operations that are di-
rectly related to the business line; and ‘‘(iii) governmental funding sources, in-
cluding revenues and other funding received from States; 
‘‘(C) projected ridership levels for all pas-
senger operations; 
‘‘(D) estimates of long-term and short-term 
debt and associated principal and interest payments (both current and forecasts); 
‘‘(E) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets; 
‘‘(F) annual cash flow forecasts; ‘‘(G) a statement describing the meth-
odologies and significant assumptions under-lying estimates and forecasts; 
‘‘(H) specific performance measures that 
demonstrate year over year changes in the results of Amtrak’s operations; 
‘‘(I) financial performance for each route 
within each business line, including descrip-tions of the cash operating loss or contribu-tion and labor productivity for each route; 
‘‘(J) specific costs and savings estimates 
resulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(K) prior fiscal year and projected equip-
ment reliability statistics; and 
‘‘(L) an identification and explanation of 
any major adjustments made from pre-viously approved plans. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR BUSINESS LINE PLANS PROCESS .— 
In meeting the requirements of this section, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate the development of the 
business line plans with the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) for the Northeast Corridor business 
line plan, coordinate with the Northeast Cor-ridor Commission and transmit to the Com-mission the final plan under subsection (a)(1), and consult with other entities, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(C) for the State-supported route business 
line plan, coordinate with the State-Sup-ported Route Committee established under section 24712; 
‘‘(D) for the long-distance route business 
line plan, coordinate with any States or Interstate Compacts that provide funding for such routes, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) ensure that Amtrak’s annual budget 
request to Congress is consistent with the in-formation in the 5-year business line plans; and 
‘‘(F) identify the appropriate Amtrak offi-
cials that are responsible for each business line. 
‘‘(4) S
TANDARDS TO PROMOTE FINANCIAL STA -
BILITY .—In meeting the requirements under 
this subsection, Amtrak shall use the cat-egories specified in the financial accounting and reporting system developed under sec-tion 203 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) when preparing its 5-year business line plans. 
‘‘(c) A
MTRAK 5 -YEARASSET PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSET CATEGORIES .—Amtrak shall pre-
pare a 5-year asset plan for each of the fol-lowing asset categories: 
‘‘(A) Infrastructure, including all Amtrak- 
controlled Northeast Corridor assets and other Amtrak-owned infrastructure, and the associated facilities that support the oper-ation, maintenance, and improvement of those assets. 
‘‘(B) Passenger rail equipment, including 
all Amtrak-controlled rolling stock, loco-motives, and mechanical shop facilities that are used to overhaul equipment. 
‘‘(C) Stations, including all Amtrak-con-
trolled passenger rail stations and elements of other stations for which Amtrak has legal responsibility or intends to make capital in-vestments. 
‘‘(D) National assets, including national 
reservations, security, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transpor-tation system. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR ASSET PLANS .— 
Each asset plan shall include, at a min-imum— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5281 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) a summary of Amtrak’s 5-year stra-
tegic plan for each asset category, including goals, objectives, any relevant performance metrics, and statutory or regulatory actions affecting the assets; 
‘‘(B) an inventory of existing Amtrak cap-
ital assets, to the extent practicable, includ-ing information regarding shared use or own-ership, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) a prioritized list of proposed capital 
investments that— 
‘‘(i) categorizes each capital project as 
being primarily associated with— 
‘‘(I) normalized capital replacement; ‘‘(II) backlog capital replacement; ‘‘(III) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; 
‘‘(IV) strategic initiatives that will im-
prove overall operational performance, lower costs, or otherwise improve Amtrak’s cor-porate efficiency; or 
‘‘(V) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; 
‘‘(ii) identifies each project or program 
that is associated with more than 1 category described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated business 
outcome of each project or program identi-fied under this subparagraph, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(I) the potential effect on passenger oper-
ations, safety, reliability, and resilience; 
‘‘(II) the potential effect on Amtrak’s abil-
ity to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(III) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(D) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets for each asset category. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR ASSET PLAN PROCESS .—In meet-
ing the requirements of this subsection, Am-trak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate with each business line de 
scribed in subsection (b)(1) in the prepara-tion of each 5-year asset plan and ensure in-tegration of each 5-year asset plan with the 5-year business line plans; 
‘‘(B) as applicable, coordinate with the 
Northeast Corridor Commission, the State- Supported Route Committee, and owners of assets affected by 5-year asset plans; and 
‘‘(C) identify the appropriate Amtrak offi-
cials that are responsible for each asset cat-egory. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF NATIONAL ASSETS  
COSTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the costs and scope of all na-
tional assets; and 
‘‘(B) determine the activities and costs 
that are— 
‘‘(i) required in order to ensure the effi-
cient operations of a national passenger rail system; 
‘‘(ii) appropriate for allocation to of the 
other Amtrak business lines; and 
‘‘(iii) extraneous to providing an efficient 
national passenger rail system or are too costly relative to the benefits or perform-ance outcomes they provide. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL ASSETS .—In 
this section, the term ‘national assets’ means the Nation’s core rail assets shared among Amtrak services, including national reservations, security, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transpor-tation system. 
‘‘(6) R
ESTRUCTURING OF NATIONAL ASSETS .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of com-pletion of the evaluation under paragraph (4), the Administrator of the Federal Rail-road Administration, in consultation with the Amtrak Board of Directors, the gov-ernors of each relevant State, and the Mayor of the District of Columbia, or their des-ignees, shall restructure or reallocate, or both, the national assets costs in accordance with the determination under that section, including making appropriate updates to 
Amtrak’s cost accounting methodology and system.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements for 
Amtrak to submit final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans under section 24320 of title 49, United States Code, shall take effect 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table 
of contents for chapter 243, as amended by section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and asset 
plans.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF 5-YEAR FINANCIAL PLAN.— 
Section 204 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act, are re-pealed. 
(e) I
DENTIFICATION OF DUPLICATIVE REPORT -
INGREQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) review existing Amtrak reporting re-
quirements and identify where the existing requirements are duplicative with the busi-ness line and capital plans required by sec-tion 24320 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) if the duplicative reporting require-
ments are administrative, the Secretary shall eliminate the duplicative require-ments; and 
(3) submit to Congress a report with any 
recommendations for repealing any other du-plicative Amtrak reporting requirements. 
SEC. 35203. STATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 247 is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak 
‘‘(a) S TATE -SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the State-Supported Route Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’) to promote mutual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail oper-ations of Amtrak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-sup-ported routes and to further implement sec-tion 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I NGENERAL .—The Committee shall 
consist of— 
‘‘(i) members representing Amtrak; ‘‘(ii) members representing the Depart-
ment of Transportation, including the Fed-eral Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(iii) members representing States. ‘‘(B) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Com-
mittee may invite and accept other non-vot-ing members to participate in Committee ac-tivities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(3) D
ECISIONMAKING .—The Committee 
shall establish a bloc voting system under which, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) there are separate voting blocs to rep-
resent the Committee’s voting members, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) 1 voting bloc to represent the members 
described in paragraph (2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(ii) 1 voting bloc to represent the mem-
bers described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii); and 
‘‘(iii) 1 voting bloc to represent the mem-
bers described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii); 
‘‘(B) each voting bloc has 1 vote; ‘‘(C) the vote of the voting bloc rep-
resenting the members described in para-graph (2)(A)(iii) requires the support of at least two thirds of that voting bloc’s mem-
bers; and 
‘‘(D) the Committee makes decisions by 
unanimous consent of the 3 voting blocs. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS ; RULES AND PROCEDURES .— 
The Committee shall convene a meeting and shall define and implement the rules and procedures governing the Committee’s pro-ceedings not later than 180 days after the date of establishment of the Committee by the Secretary. The rules and procedures shall— 
‘‘(A) incorporate and further describe the 
decisionmaking procedures to be used in ac-cordance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(B) be adopted in accordance with such 
decisionmaking procedures. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE DECISIONS .—Decisions made 
by the Committee in accordance with the Committee’s rules and procedures, once es-tablished, are binding on all Committee members. 
‘‘(6) C
OST ALLOCATION METHODOLOGY .— 
‘‘(A) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subpara-
graph (B), the Committee may amend the cost allocation methodology required and previously approved under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES FOR CHANGING METHOD -
OLOGY .—The rules and procedures imple-
mented under paragraph (4) shall include procedures for changing the cost allocation methodology. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cost allocation 
methodology shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure equal treatment in the provi-
sion of like services of all States and groups of States; and 
‘‘(ii) allocate to each route the costs in-
curred only for the benefit of that route and a proportionate share, based upon factors that reasonably reflect relative use, of costs incurred for the common benefit of more than 1 route. 
‘‘(b) I
NVOICES AND REPORTS .—Not later 
than February 15, 2016, and monthly there-after, Amtrak shall provide to each State that sponsors a State-supported route a monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and third- party costs. The Committee shall determine the frequency and contents of the financial and performance reports that Amtrak shall provide to the States, as well as the planning and demand reports that the States shall provide to Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If 
a dispute arises with respect to the rules and procedures implemented under subsection (a)(4), an invoice or a report provided under subsection (b), implementation or compli-ance with the cost allocation methodology developed under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) or amended under subsection (a)(6) of this section, either Am-trak or the State may request that the Sur-face Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Surface Transpor-
tation Board shall establish procedures for resolution of disputes brought before it under this subsection, which may include provision of professional mediation services. 
‘‘(3) B
INDING EFFECT .—A decision of the 
Surface Transportation Board under this subsection shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall affect the obligation of a State to pay an amount not in dispute. 
‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide assistance to the parties in the course of negotiations for a contract for operation of a State-supported route. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5282 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—From among 
available funds, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide financial assistance to Am-
trak or 1 or more States to perform re-quested independent technical analysis of issues before the Committee; and 
‘‘(B) reimburse Members for travel ex-
penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, in accordance with section 5703 of title 5. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In negoti-
ating a contract for operation of a State-sup-ported route, Amtrak and the State or States that sponsor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for performance. 
‘‘(f) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND OBJEC-
TIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall de-
velop a statement of goals, objectives, and associated recommendations concerning the future of State supported routes operated by Amtrak. The statement shall identify the roles and responsibilities of Committee members and any other relevant entities, such as host railroads, in meeting the identi-fied goals and objectives, or carrying out the recommendations. The Committee may con-sult with such relevant entities, as the Com-mittee considers appropriate, when devel-oping the statement. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS  
AND OBJECTIVES .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act the Committee shall transmit the statement developed under paragraph (1) to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The decisions 
of the Committee— 
‘‘(1) shall pertain to the rail operations of 
Amtrak and related activities of trains oper-ated by Amtrak on State-sponsored routes; and 
‘‘(2) shall not pertain to the rail operations 
or related activities of services operated by other rail passenger carriers on State-sup-ported routes. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Com-mittee. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—In this section, 
the term ‘State’ means any of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or a public entity that sponsor the operation of trains by Am-trak on a State-supported route.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents for chapter 247 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak.’’. 
SEC. 35204. ROUTE AND SERVICE PLANNING DE-
CISIONS. 
Section 208 of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. METHODOLOGIES FOR AMTRAK ROUTE 
AND SERVICE PLANNING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) M ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, as a condition of receiv-ing a grant under section 101 of that Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an inde-pendent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail passenger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Amtrak shall re-
quire the ‘‘independent entity, in developing the methodologies described in subsection (a), to consider— 
‘‘(1) the current and expected performance 
and service quality of intercity rail pas-senger transportation operations, including cost recovery, on-time performance, rider-ship, on-board services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
‘‘(2) the connectivity of a route with other 
routes; 
‘‘(3) the transportation needs of commu-
nities and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transpor-tation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
‘‘(4) the methodologies of Amtrak and 
major intercity rail passenger transpor-tation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
‘‘(5) the financial and operational effects 
on the overall network, including the effects on indirect costs; 
‘‘(6) the views of States and the rec-
ommendations described in State rail plans, rail carriers that own infrastructure over which Amtrak operates, Interstate Compacts established by Congress and States, Amtrak employee representatives, stakeholder orga-nizations, and other interested parties; and 
‘‘(7) the funding levels that will be avail-
able under authorization levels that have been enacted into law. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives recommendations developed by the independent entity under subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
the recommendations are transmitted under subsection (c), Amtrak shall consider the adoption of each recommendation and trans-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report explaining the reasons for adopting or not adopting each recommenda-tion.’’. 
SEC. 35205. COMPETITION. 
(a) A LTERNATE PASSENGER RAILSERVICE  
PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 24711 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 24711. Alternate passenger rail service 
pilot program 
‘‘(a) I N GENERAL —Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate a rule to implement a pilot program for competitive selection of rail carriers for long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL —The pilot program shall— 
‘‘(A) allow a party described in paragraph 
(2) to petition the Secretary to provide inter-city rail passenger transportation over a long-distance route in lieu of Amtrak for an operations period of years from the date of commencement of service by the winning bidder and, at the option of the Secretary, consistent with the rule promulgated under subsection (a), allow the contract to be re-newed for an additional operations period of years, but not to exceed a total of 3 oper-ations periods; 
‘‘(B) require the Secretary to— ‘‘(i) notify the petitioner and Amtrak of re-
ceipt of the petition under subparagraph (A) and to publish in the Federal Register a no-
tice of receipt not later than 30 days after the date of receipt; and 
‘‘(ii) establish a deadline, of not more than 
120 days after the notice of receipt is pub-lished in the Federal Register under clause (i), by which both the petitioner and Am-trak, if Amtrak chooses to do so, would be required to submit a complete bid to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over the applicable route; 
‘‘(C) require that each bid— ‘‘(i) describe the capital needs, financial 
projections, and operational plans, including staffing plans, for the service, and such other factors as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(ii) be made available by the winning bid-
der to the public after the bid award; 
‘‘(D) for a route that receives funding from 
a State or States, require that for each bid received from a party described in paragraph (2), other than a State, the Secretary have the concurrence of the State or States that provide funding for that route; 
‘‘(E) for a winning bidder that is not or 
does not include Amtrak, require the Sec-retary to execute a contract not later than 270 days after the deadline established under subparagraph (B)(ii) and award to the win-ning bidder— 
‘‘(i) subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the 
right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over that route subject to such performance standards as the Secretary may require; and 
‘‘(ii) an operating subsidy, as determined 
by the Secretary, for— 
‘‘(I) the first year at a level that does not 
exceed 90 percent of the level in effect for that specific route during the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(II) any subsequent years at the level cal-
culated under subclause (I), adjusted for in-flation; and 
‘‘(F) for a winning bidder that is or in-
cludes Amtrak, award to that bidder an oper-ating subsidy, as determined by the Sec-retary, over the applicable route that will not change during the fiscal year in which the bid was submitted solely as a result of the winning bid. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PETITIONERS .—The following 
parties are eligible to submit petitions under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A rail carrier or rail carriers that own 
the infrastructure over which Amtrak oper-ates a long-distance route. 
‘‘(B) A rail passenger carrier with a writ-
ten agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(C) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub- State governance entity responsible for pro-vision of intercity rail passenger transpor-tation with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the in-frastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transpor-tation. 
‘‘(D) A State, group of States, or State- 
supported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of intercity rail passenger trans-portation and a rail passenger carrier with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—If the win-
ning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) is not or does not include Amtrak, the performance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5283 July 21, 2015 
standards shall be consistent with the per-
formance required of or achieved by Amtrak on the applicable route during the last fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) A
GREEMENT GOVERNING ACCESS  
ISSUES .—Unless the winning bidder already 
has applicable access agreements in place or includes a rail carrier that owns the infra-structure used in the operation of the route, the winning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) shall enter into a written agreement gov-erning access issues between the winning bidder and the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which the winning bidder would operate and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO FACILITIES ; EMPLOYEES .—If 
the Secretary awards the right and obliga-tion to provide rail passenger transportation over a route under this section to an entity in lieu of Amtrak— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall require Amtrak to 
provide access to the Amtrak-owned reserva-tion system, stations, and facilities directly related to operations of the awarded routes to the rail passenger carrier awarded a con-tract under this section, in accordance with subsection (g), as necessary to carry out the purposes of this section; 
‘‘(2) an employee of any person, except for 
a freight railroad or a person employed or contracted by a freight railroad, used by such rail passenger carrier in the operation of a route under this section shall be consid-ered an employee of that rail passenger car-rier and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak; and 
‘‘(3) the winning bidder shall provide hiring 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees displaced by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bid-der, and shall be subject to the grant condi-tions under section 24405. 
‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF SERVICE .—If a rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this section ceases to operate the service or fails to fulfill an obligation under the contract re-quired under subsection (b)(1)(E), the Sec-retary shall take any necessary action con-sistent with this title to enforce the contract and ensure the continued provision of serv-ice, including— 
‘‘(1) the installment of an interim rail pas-
senger carrier; 
‘‘(2) providing to the interim rail passenger 
carrier under paragraph (1) an operating sub-sidy necessary to provide service; and 
‘‘(3) rebidding the contract to operate the 
rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(e) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak and that is selected under this section any appropriations with-held under section 35101(c) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purpose, necessary to cover the oper-ating subsidy described in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(2) A
MTRAK .—If the Secretary selects a 
winning bidder that is not or does not in-clude Amtrak, the Secretary may provide to Amtrak an appropriate portion of the appro-priations under section 35101(a) of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purpose, to cover any cost directly at-tributable to the termination of Amtrak service on the route and any indirect costs to Amtrak imposed on other Amtrak routes as a result of losing service on the route op-erated by the winning bidder. Any amount provided by the Secretary to Amtrak under this paragraph shall not be deducted from or have any effect on the operating subsidy de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(f) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not 
promulgate the final rule and implement the program before the deadline under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a letter, signed by the Secretary and Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, each month until the rule is complete, including— 
‘‘(1) the reasons why the rule has not been 
issued; 
‘‘(2) an updated staffing plan for com-
pleting the rule as soon as feasible; 
‘‘(3) the contact information of the official 
that will be overseeing the execution of the staffing plan; and 
‘‘(4) the estimated date of completion of 
the rule. 
‘‘(g) D
ISPUTES .—If Amtrak and the rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this section cannot agree upon terms to carry out subsection (c)(1), and the Surface Transpor-tation Board finds that access to Amtrak’s facilities or equipment, or the provision of services by Amtrak, is necessary under sub-section (c)(1) and that the operation of Am-trak’s other services will not be impaired thereby, the Surface Transportation Board shall issue an order that the facilities and equipment be made available, and that serv-ices be provided, by Amtrak, and shall deter-mine reasonable compensation, liability, and other terms for use of the facilities and equipment and provision of the services. 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—Not more than long-dis-
tance routes may be selected under this sec-tion for operation by a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak. 
‘‘(i) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO COMPETI -
TION ON STATE -SUPPORTED ROUTES .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as prohib-iting a State from introducing competition for intercity rail passenger transportation or services on its State-supported route or routes.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of implementation of the pilot pro-gram under section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, and quadrennially thereafter until the pilot program is discontinued, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results on the pilot program to date and any rec-ommendations for further action. 
SEC. 35206. ROLLING STOCK PURCHASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Prior to entering into 
any contract in excess of $100,000,000 for roll-ing stock and locomotive procurements Am-trak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, on the utility of such procurements. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The business case analysis 
shall— 
(1) include a cost and benefit comparison 
that describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, operational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
(2) set forth the total payments by fiscal 
year; 
(3) identify the specific source and 
amounts of funding for each payment, in-cluding Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; (4) include an explanation of whether any 
payment under the contract will increase Amtrak’s grant request, as required under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, in that particular fiscal year; and 
(5) describe how Amtrak will adjust the 
procurement if future funding is not avail-able. 
(c) R
ULE OFCONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as requiring Amtrak to disclose confidential information regarding a potential vendor’s proposed pric-ing or other sensitive business information prior to contract execution. 
SEC. 35207. FOOD AND BEVERAGE POLICY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 243, as amended 
in section 35202 of this Act, is further amend-ed by adding after section 24320 the fol-lowing: 
§ 24321. Food and beverage reform 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Am-trak shall develop and begin implementing a plan to eliminate, not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of that Act, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing and 
implementing the plan under subsection (a), Amtrak shall consider a combination of cost management and revenue generation initia-tives, including— 
‘‘(1) scheduling optimization; ‘‘(2) onboard logistics; ‘‘(3) product development and supply chain 
efficiency; 
‘‘(4) training, awards, and accountability; ‘‘(5) technology enhancements and process 
improvements; and 
‘‘(6) ticket revenue allocation. ‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Amtrak shall en-
sure that no Amtrak employee holding a po-sition as of the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act is involuntarily separated be-cause of— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation 
of the plan required under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(2) any other action taken by Amtrak to 
implement this section. 
‘‘(d) N
OFEDERAL FUNDING FOROPERATING  
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 4 
years after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act, no Federal funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with pro-viding food and beverage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative pas-senger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak under section 24711. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the plan devel-oped under subsection (a) and a description of progress in the implementation of the plan.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243, as amended in sec-tion 35202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24321. Food and beverage reform.’’. 
SEC. 35208. LOCAL PRODUCTS AND PRO-
MOTIONAL EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Am-trak shall establish a pilot program for a State or States that sponsor a State sup-ported route operated by Amtrak to facili-tate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5284 July 21, 2015 
(1) onboard purchase and sale of local food 
and beverage products; and 
(2) partnerships with local entities to hold 
promotional events on trains or in stations. 
(b) P ROGRAM DESIGN .—The pilot program 
under paragraph (1) shall allow a State or States— 
(1) to nominate and select a local food and 
beverage products supplier or suppliers or local promotional event partner; 
(2) to charge a reasonable price or fee for 
local food and beverage products or pro-motional events and related activities to help defray the costs of program administra-tion and State-supported routes; and 
(3) a mechanism to ensure that State prod-
ucts can effectively be handled and inte-grated into existing food and beverage serv-ices, including compliance with all applica-ble regulations and standards governing such services. 
(c) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—The pilot 
program shall— 
(1) for local food and beverage products, en-
sure the products are integrated into exist-ing food and beverage services, including compliance with all applicable regulations and standards; 
(2) for promotional events, ensure the 
events are held in compliance with all appli-cable regulations and standards, including terms to address insurance requirements; and 
(3) require an annual report that docu-
ments revenues and costs and indicates whether the products or events resulted in a reduction in the financial contribution of a State or States to the applicable State-sup-ported route. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of establishment of the pilot pro-grams under this section, Amtrak shall re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives on which States have participated in the pilot programs under this section. The report shall summarize the financial and operational outcomes of the pilot programs. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as lim-iting Amtrak’s ability to operate special trains in accordance with section 216 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24308 note). 
SEC. 35209. RIGHT-OF-WAY LEVERAGING. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking qualified persons or entities to utilize right- of-way and real estate owned, controlled, or managed by Amtrak for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities considered appropriate by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Request for Proposals 
shall provide sufficient information on the right-of-way and real estate assets to enable respondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize or generate additional revenue from such assets through revenue sharing or leasing agreements with Amtrak, to the ex-tent possible. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not 
later than 180 days following the deadline for the receipt of proposals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall review and consider each quali-fied proposal. Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days fol-
lowing the deadline for the receipt of pro-posals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the Request for Proposals required by this section, including summary information of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by Am-trak. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to utilize right-of-way or real estate assets that it currently owns, controls, or manages or constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into agreements with other parties to utilize such assets. 
SEC. 35210. STATION DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes— 
(1) options to enhance economic develop-
ment and accessibility of and around Am-trak stations and terminals, for the purposes of— 
(A) improving station condition, 
functionality, capacity, and customer amen-ities; 
(B) generating additional investment cap-
ital and development-related revenue streams; 
(C) increasing ridership and revenue; (D) complying with the applicable sections 
of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.); and 
(E) strengthening multimodal connections, 
including transit, intercity buses, roll-on and roll-off bicycles, and airports, as appro-priate; and 
(2) options for additional Amtrak stops 
that would have a positive incremental fi-nancial impact to Amtrak, based on Amtrak feasibility studies that demonstrate a finan-cial benefit to Amtrak by generating addi-tional revenue that exceeds any incremental costs. 
(b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date the report is transmitted under sub-section (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request of Information for 1 or more owners of stations served by Amtrak to formally express an interest in completing the requirements of this section. 
(c) P
ROPOSALS .— 
(1) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date the Request for Information is issued under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals from qualified persons, including small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals and veteran-owned small businesses, to lead, participate, or partner with Amtrak, a station owner that responded under sub-section (b), and other entities in enhancing development in and around such stations and terminals using applicable options identified under subsection (a) at facilities selected by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date the Request for Proposals are issued under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall review and consider qualified proposals submitted under paragraph (1). Amtrak or a station owner that responded under subsection (b) may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the Request for 
Proposals process required under this sec-tion, including summary information of any qualified proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals acted upon by Amtrak or a station owner that responded under sub-section (b). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individual’’, and ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 304(c) of this Act. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to develop its stations, terminals, or other assets, to constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into and carry out agreements with other parties to enhance development at or around Amtrak stations or terminals, or to affect any station development initiatives ongoing as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 35211. AMTRAK DEBT. 
Section 205 of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment 
of this Act’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent provided 
in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘Amtrak’s indebtedness’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent amounts are pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, to the 
extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘as appropriate’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘by sec-
tion 102 of this division’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘by sec-
tion 102’’ and inserting ‘‘for Amtrak’’; 
(6) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘, unless 
that debt receives credit assistance, includ-ing direct loans and loan guarantees, under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code or title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 35212. AMTRAK PILOT PROGRAM FOR PAS-
SENGERS TRANSPORTING DOMES-TICATED CATS AND DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Am-trak shall develop a pilot program that al-lows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on certain trains operated by Amtrak. 
(b) P
ETPOLICY .—In developing the pilot 
program required under subsection (a), Am-trak shall— 
(1) in the case of a passenger train that is 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed passenger may transport a domes-ticated cat or dog in the same manner as carry-on baggage if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet 
kennel; 
(B) the pet kennel complies with Amtrak 
size requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train op-
erating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); 
(2) allow a ticketed passenger to transport 
a domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5285 July 21, 2015 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet 
kennel; 
(B) the pet kennel is stowed in accordance 
with Amtrak requirements for cargo stow-age; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train op-
erating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; 
(D) the cargo area is temperature con-
trolled in a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
(E) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); and 
(3) collect fees for each cat or dog trans-
ported by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the pilot program required under subsection (a) is first implemented, Amtrak shall trans-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report containing an evaluation of the pilot program. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) S ERVICE ANIMALS .—The pilot program 
under subsection (a) shall be separate from and in addition to the policy governing Am-trak passengers traveling with service ani-mals. Nothing in this section may be inter-preted to limit or waive the rights of pas-sengers to transport service animals. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAIN CARS .—Nothing in 
this section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or mod-ify existing train cars. 
(3) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—No Federal funds may 
be used to implement the pilot program re-quired under this section. 
SEC. 35213. AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24302(a) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) C OMPOSITION AND TERMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Amtrak Board of Di-
rectors (referred to in this section as the ‘Board’) is composed of the following 9 direc-tors, each of whom must be a citizen of the United States: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The President of Amtrak. ‘‘(C) 7 individuals appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, with gen-eral business and financial experience, expe-rience or qualifications in transportation, freight and passenger rail transportation, travel, hospitality, or passenger air trans-portation businesses, or representatives of employees or users of passenger rail trans-portation or a State government. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—In selecting individuals 
described in paragraph (1)(C) for nominations for appointments to the Board, the President shall consult with the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the Senate, and the minority leader of the Senate. The individuals appointed to the Board under paragraph (1)(C) shall be composed of the following; 
‘‘(A) 2 individuals from the Northeast Cor-
ridor. 
‘‘(B) 4 individuals from regions of the coun-
try outside of the Northeast Corridor and geographically distributed with— 
‘‘(i) 2 individuals from States with long- 
distance routes operated by Amtrak; and 
‘‘(ii) 2 individuals from States with State- 
supported routes operated by Amtrak. 
‘‘(C) 1 individual from the Northeast Cor-
ridor or a State with long-distance or State- supported routes. 
‘‘(3) T
ERM.—An individual appointed under 
paragraph (1)(C) shall be appointed for a term of 5 years. The term may be extended 
until the individual’s successor is appointed and qualified. Not more than 4 individuals appointed under paragraph (1)(C) may be members of the same political party. 
‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
The Board shall elect a chairperson and vice chairperson, other than the President of Am-trak, from among its membership. The vice chairperson shall serve as chairperson in the absence of the chairperson. 
‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY ’S DESIGNEE .—The Sec-
retary may be represented at Board meetings by the Secretary’s designee.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as affecting the term of any director serving on the Am-trak Board of Directors under section 24302(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, on the day preceding the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 35214. AMTRAK BOARDING PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Am-trak Office of Inspector General shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that— 
(1) evaluates Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation, such as wheelchairs and bicycles, at its sta-tions through which the most people pass; 
(2) compares Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
to— 
(A) commuter railroad boarding procedures 
at stations shared with Amtrak; 
(B) international intercity passenger rail 
boarding procedures; and 
(C) fixed guideway transit boarding proce-
dures; and 
(3) makes recommendations, as appro-
priate, in consultation with the Transpor-tation Security Administration, to improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, including recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and free-flow of all station users and facility improvements needed to achieve the recommendations. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the report is submitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall consider each recommendation pro-vided under subsection (a)(3) for implementa-tion at appropriate locations across the Am-trak system. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
SEC. 35301. COMPETITIVE OPERATING GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244 is amended— 
(1) by striking section 24406; and (2) by inserting after section 24405 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 24406. Competitive operating grants 
‘‘(a) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘applicant’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) a group of States; ‘‘(3) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(4) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States and having responsibility for providing inter-city rail passenger transportation or com-muter rail passenger transportation; 
‘‘(5) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger car-
rier that provides intercity rail passenger transportation; 
‘‘(7) Any rail carrier in partnership with at 
least 1 of the entities described in para-graphs (1) through (5); and 
‘‘(8) any combination of the entities de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
of Transportation shall develop and imple-ment a program for issuing 3-year operating 
assistance grants to applicants, on a com-petitive basis, for the purpose of initiating, restoring, or enhancing intercity rail pas-senger service. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An applicant for a 
grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) a capital and mobilization plan that— ‘‘(A) describes any capital investments, 
service planning actions (such as environ-mental reviews), and mobilization actions (such as qualification of train crews) re-quired for initiation of service; and 
‘‘(B) includes the timeline for undertaking 
and completing each of the investments and actions referred to in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(2) an operating plan that describes the 
planned operation of the service, including— 
‘‘(A) the identity and qualifications of the 
train operator; 
‘‘(B) the identity and qualifications of any 
other service providers; 
‘‘(C) service frequency; ‘‘(D) the planned routes and schedules; ‘‘(E) the station facilities that will be uti-
lized; 
‘‘(F) projected ridership, revenues, and 
costs; 
‘‘(G) descriptions of how the projections 
under subparagraph (F) were developed; 
‘‘(H) the equipment that will be utilized, 
how such equipment will be acquired or re-furbished, and where such equipment will be maintained; and 
‘‘(I) a plan for ensuring safe operations and 
compliance with applicable safety regula-tions; 
‘‘(3) a funding plan that— ‘‘(A) describes the funding of initial capital 
costs and operating costs for the first 3 years of operation; 
‘‘(B) includes a commitment by the appli-
cant to provide the funds described in sub-paragraph (A) to the extent not covered by Federal grants and revenues; and 
‘‘(C) describes the funding of operating 
costs and capital costs, to the extent nec-essary, after the first 3 years of operation; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the status of negotia-
tions and agreements with— 
‘‘(A) each of the railroads or regional 
transportation authorities whose tracks or facilities would be utilized by the service; 
‘‘(B) the anticipated rail passenger carrier, 
if such entity is not part of the applicant group; and 
‘‘(C) any other service providers or entities 
expected to provide services or facilities that will be used by the service, including any re-quired access to Amtrak systems, stations, and facilities if Amtrak is not part of the ap-plicant group. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications— 
‘‘(1) for which planning, design, any envi-
ronmental reviews, negotiation of agree-ments, acquisition of equipment, construc-tion, and other actions necessary for initi-ation of service have been completed or near-ly completed; 
‘‘(2) that would restore service over routes 
formerly operated by Amtrak, including routes with international connections; 
‘‘(3) that would provide daily or daytime 
service over routes where such service did not previously exist; 
‘‘(4) that include private funding (including 
funding from railroads), and funding or other significant participation by State, local, and regional governmental and private entities; 
‘‘(5) that include a funding plan that dem-
onstrates the intercity rail passenger service will be financially sustainable beyond the 3- year grant period; 
‘‘(6) that would provide service to regions 
and communities that are underserved or not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5286 July 21, 2015 
served by other intercity public transpor-
tation; 
‘‘(7) that would foster economic develop-
ment, particularly in rural communities and for disadvantaged populations; 
‘‘(8) that would provide other non-trans-
portation benefits; and 
‘‘(9) that would enhance connectivity and 
geographic coverage of the existing national network of intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D URATION .—Federal operating assist-
ance grants authorized under this section for any individual intercity rail passenger trans-portation route may not provide funding for more than 3 years and may not be renewed. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 6 of the 
operating assistance grants awarded pursu-ant to subsection (b) may be simultaneously 
active. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM FUNDING .—Grants described 
in paragraph (1) may not exceed— 
‘‘(A) 80 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the first year of service; 
‘‘(B) 60 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the second year of service; and 
‘‘(C) 40 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the third year of service. 
‘‘(f) U
SEWITHCAPITAL GRANTS AND OTHER  
FEDERAL FUNDING .—A recipient of an oper-
ating assistance grant under subsection (b) may use that grant in combination with other grants awarded under this chapter or any other Federal funding that would benefit the applicable service. 
‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHAMTRAK .—If the 
Secretary awards a grant under this section to a rail passenger carrier other than Am-trak, Amtrak may be required under section 24711(c)(1) of this title to provide access to its reservation system, stations, and facili-ties that are directly related to operations to such carrier, to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. The Secretary may award an appropriate portion of the grant to Amtrak as compensation for this access. 
‘‘(i) C
ONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT AGREEMENT .—The Secretary 
shall require grant recipients under this sec-tion to enter into a grant agreement that re-quires them to provide similar information regarding the route performance, financial, and ridership projections, and capital and business plans that Amtrak is required to provide, and such other data and information as the Secretary deems necessary. 
‘‘(2) I
NSTALLMENTS ; T ERMINATION .—The 
Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) award grants under this section in in-
stallments, as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(B) terminate any grant agreement 
upon— 
‘‘(i) the cessation of service; or ‘‘(ii) the violation of any other term of the 
grant agreement. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter. 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary, after consultation with grant re-cipients under this section, shall submit a report to Congress that describes— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of this section; ‘‘(2) the status of the investments and op-
erations funded by such grants; 
‘‘(3) the performance of the routes funded 
by such grants; 
‘‘(4) the plans of grant recipients for con-
tinued operation and funding of such routes; and ‘‘(5) any legislative recommendations.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 244 
is amended— 
‘‘(1) in the table of contents, by inserting 
after the item relating to section 24405 the following: 
‘‘24406. Competitive operating grants.’’; 
‘‘(2) in the chapter title, by striking 
‘‘INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL SERVICE CORRIDOR CAPITAL’’ and inserting ‘‘RAIL 
CAPITAL AND OPERATING’’ ; 
(3) in section 24401, by striking paragraph 
(1); 
(4) in section 24402, by striking subsection (j) and inserting the following: ‘‘(j) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘applicant’’ means a State (includ-ing the District of Columbia), a group of States, an Interstate Compact, a public agency or publicly chartered authority es-tablished by 1 or more States and having re-sponsibility for providing ‘‘intercity rail pas-senger transportation, or a political subdivi-sion of a State.’’; and 
(5) in section 24405— (A) in subsection (b)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘, or for which an oper-
ating grant is issued under section 24406,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(43’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(45’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or unless Amtrak ceased providing intercity passenger railroad transportation over the affected route more than years before the commencement of new service’’ after ‘‘unless such service was provided solely by Amtrak to another entity’’; 
(C) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘under 
this chapter for commuter rail passenger transportation, as defined in section 24012(4) of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter for commuter rail passenger trans-portation (as de fined in section 24102(3)).’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL TRANSPORTATION CIR-
CUMSTANCES .— 
‘‘In carrying out this chapter, the Sec-
retary shall allocate an appropriate portion of the amounts available under this chapter to provide grants to States— 
‘‘(1) in which there is no intercity pas-
senger rail service, for the purpose of funding freight rail capital projects that are on a State rail plan developed under chapter 227 that provide public benefits (as defined in chapter 227), as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(2) in which the rail transportation sys-
tem is not physically connected to rail sys-tems in the continental United States or may not otherwise qualify for a grant under this section due to the unique characteris-tics of the geography of that State or other relevant considerations, for the purpose of funding transportation-related capital projects.’’. 
SEC. 35302. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
STATE OF GOOD REPAIR. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 244 is amended 
by inserting after section 24406, as added by section 5301 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘§ 24407. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘applicant’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a State (including the District of Co-
lumbia); 
‘‘(B) a group of States; ‘‘(C) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(D) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States that has responsibility for providing inter-city rail passenger transportation or com-muter rail passenger transportation; ‘‘(E) a political subdivision of a State; 
‘‘(F) Amtrak, acting on its own behalf or 
under a cooperative agreement with 1 or more States; or 
‘‘(G) any combination of the entities de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL PROJECT .—The term ‘capital 
project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project primarily intended to re-
place, rehabilitate, or repair major infra-structure assets utilized for providing inter-city passenger rail service, including tun-nels, bridges, stations, and other assets, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) a project primarily intended to im-
prove intercity passenger rail performance, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, higher operating speeds, and other improvements, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—The term 
‘Northeast Corridor’ means— 
‘‘(A) the main rail line between Boston, 
Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue inter-locking in the District of Columbia; and 
‘‘(B) the branch rail lines connecting to 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Mas-sachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED RAILROAD ASSET .—The term 
‘qualified railroad asset’ means infrastruc-ture, equipment, or a facility that— 
‘‘(A) is owned or controlled by an eligible 
applicant; and 
‘‘(B) was not in a state of good repair on 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The 
Secretary of Transportation shall develop and implement a program for issuing grants to applicants, on a competitive basis, to fund capital projects that reduce the state of good repair backlog on qualified railroad assets. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Projects eligible 
for grants under this section include capital projects to replace or rehabilitate qualified railroad assets, including— 
‘‘(1) capital projects to replace existing as-
sets in-kind; 
‘‘(2) capital projects to replace existing as-
sets with assets that increase capacity or provide a higher level of service; and 
‘‘(3) capital projects to ensure that service 
can be maintained while existing assets are brought to a state of good repair. 
‘‘(d) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .—In se-
lecting an applicant for a grant under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give preference to eligible projects— ‘‘(A) that are consistent with the goals, ob-
jectives, and policies defined in any regional rail planning document that is applicable to a project proposal; and 
‘‘(B) for which the proposed Federal share 
of total project costs does not exceed 50 per-cent; and 
‘‘(2) take into account— ‘‘(A) the cost-benefit analysis of the pro-
posed project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project, including— 
‘‘(i) effects on system and service perform-
ance; 
‘‘(ii) effects on safety, competitiveness, re-
liability, trip or transit time, and resilience; 
‘‘(iii) efficiencies from improved integra-
tion with other modes; and 
‘‘(iv) ability to meet existing or antici-
pated demand; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the proposed project; 
‘‘(C) the applicant’s past performance in 
developing and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(D) whether the applicant has, or will 
have— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5287 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(i) the legal, financial, and technical ca-
pacity to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) satisfactory continuing control over 
the use of the equipment or facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) the capability and willingness to 
maintain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(E) if applicable, the consistency of the 
project with planning guidance and docu-ments set forth by the Secretary or required by law; and 
‘‘(F) any other relevant factors, as deter-
mined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) P
LANNING REQUIREMENTS .—A project is 
not eligible for a grant under this section un-less the project is specifically identified— 
‘‘(1) on a State rail plan prepared in ac-
cordance with chapter 227; or 
‘‘(2) if the project is located on the North-
east Corridor, on the Northeast Corridor Capital Investment Plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(f) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH USAGE AGREE -
MENTS .—Grant funds may not be provided 
under this section to an eligible recipient for an eligible project located on the Northeast Corridor unless Amtrak and the public au-thorities providing commuter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor are in compliance with section 24905(c)(2). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—When se-
lecting projects located on the Northeast Corridor, the Secretary shall consider the appropriate sequence and phasing of projects as contained in the Northeast Corridor Cap-ital Investment Plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(g) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COST .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total cost of a project under this section based on the best avail-able information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, envi-ronmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total costs for a project under this sub-section shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF AMTRAK REVENUE .—If 
Amtrak or another rail passenger carrier is an applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applica-ble, may use ticket and other revenues gen-erated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share require-ments. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue 
a letter of intent to a grantee under this sec-tion that— 
‘‘(A) announces an intention to obligate, 
for a major capital project under this sec-tion, an amount from future available budg-et authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project; and 
‘‘(B) states that the contingent commit-
ment— 
‘‘(i) is not an obligation of the Federal 
Government; and 
‘‘(ii) is subject to the availability of appro-
priations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit written notifica-tion to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives; and ‘‘(iv) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification sub-
mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the proposed letter or agree-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) the criteria used under subsection (d) 
for selecting the project for a grant award; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the project 
meets such criteria. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion or administrative commitment may be made under this section only when amounts are appropriated for such purpose. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(j) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 244 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 24406 the following: 
‘‘24407. Federal-State partnership for state of 
good repair.’’. 
SEC. 35303. LARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
Section 24402 is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(m) L ARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a grant awarded 
under this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation may 
not obligate any funding unless the appli-cant demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the applicant has com-mitted, and will be able to fulfill, the non- Federal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project completion timetable. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may not obligate any 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
‘‘(i) the applicant submits a financial plan 
to the Secretary that generally identifies the sources of the non-Federal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the corridor service development program cov-ering the project for which the grant is awarded; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable seg-
ment, a transportation facility, or equip-ment, that has operational independence or is financially sustainable; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits 
anticipated to result from the grant, such as increased speed, improved on-time perform-ance, reduced trip time, increased fre-quencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessibility, or other significant enhancements, are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
project is maintained to the level of utility that is necessary to support the benefits ap-proved under subparagraph (B)(iii) for a pe-riod of years from the date on which the use-able segment, transportation facility, or equipment described in subparagraph (B)(ii) is placed in service. 
‘‘(ii) If the project property is not main-
tained as required under clause (i) for a 12 month period, the grant recipient shall re-fund a pro-rata share of the Federal con-tribution, based upon the percentage remain-ing of the 20-year period that commenced when the project property was placed in service. 
‘‘(2) E
ARLY WORK .—The Secretary may 
allow a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in at-risk work activities subsequent 
to the conclusion of final design if the Sec-retary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
SEC. 35304. SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION 
STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
nationwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals and veteran-owned small businesses in pub-licly funded inter-city passenger rail service projects. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report containing the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term 
‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted an-nually by the Secretary for inflation. 
(2) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individual’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and relevant subcontracting regulations issued pursuant to such Act, except that women shall be presumed to be socially and economically disadvantaged individuals for purposes of this section. 
(3) V
ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’ in section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross receipts dur-ing the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Sec-retary for inflation. 
SEC. 35305. GULF COAST RAIL SERVICE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail pas-senger service in the Gulf Coast region be-tween New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group con-
vened pursuant to subsection (a) shall con-sist of representatives of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
which shall serve as chair of the working group; 
(2) Amtrak; (3) the States along the proposed route or 
routes; 
(4) regional transportation planning orga-
nizations and metropolitan planning organi-zations, municipalities, and communities along the proposed route or routes, which shall be selected by the Administrator; 
(5) the Southern Rail Commission; (6) freight railroad carriers whose tracks 
may be used for such service; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate 
by the Secretary, which may include inde-pendent passenger rail operators that ex-press an interest in Gulf Coast service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5288 July 21, 2015 
(c) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall— 
(1) evaluate all options for restoring inter-
city rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the re-port transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432); 
(2) select a preferred option for restoring 
such service; 
(3) develop a prioritized inventory of cap-
ital projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
(4) identify Federal and non-Federal fund-
ing sources required to restore such service, including options for entering into public- private partnerships to restore such service. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) the preferred option selected under sub 
section (c)(2) and the reasons for selecting such option; 
(2) the information described in subsection 
(c)(3); 
(3) the funding sources identified under sub 
section (c)(4); 
(4) the costs and benefits of restoring inter-
city rail passenger transportation in the re-gion; and 
(5) any other information the working 
group determines appropriate. 
SEC. 35306. INTEGRATED PASSENGER RAIL 
WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to review issues relating to— 
(1) the potential operation of State-sup-
ported routes by rail passenger carriers other than Amtrak;and 
(2) their role in establishing an integrated 
intercity passenger rail network in the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group shall 
consist of a balanced representation of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
who shall chair the Working Group; 
(2) States that fund State-sponsored 
routes; 
(3) independent passenger rail operators, 
including those that carry at least 5,000,000 passengers annually in United States or international rail service; 
(4) Amtrak; (5) railroads that host intercity State-sup-
ported routes; 
(6) employee representatives from railroad 
unions and building trade unions with sub-stantial engagement in railroad rights of way construction and maintenance; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall evaluate options for improving State- supported routes and may make rec-ommendations, as appropriate, regarding— 
(1) best practices for State or State author-
ity governance of State-supported routes; 
(2) future sources of Federal and non-Fed-
eral funding sources for State-supported routes; 
(3) best practices in obtaining passenger 
rail operations and services on a competitive basis with the objective of creating the high-est quality service at the lowest cost to the taxpayer; 
(4) ensuring potential interoperability of 
State supported routes as a part of a na-tional network with multiple providers pro-viding integrated services including ticketing, scheduling, and route planning; and (5) the interface between State-supported 
routes and connecting commuter rail oper-ations, including maximized intra-modal and intermodal connections and common sources of funding for capital projects. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—Not later than 60 days after 
the establishment of the working group by the Secretary under subsection (a), the working group shall convene an organiza-tional meeting outside of the District of Co-lumbia and shall define the rules and proce-dures governing the proceedings of the work-ing group. The working group shall hold at least meetings per year in States that fund State-supported routes. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) P RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is es-tablished, the working group shall submit a preliminary report to the Secretary, the Governors of States funding State-supported routes, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that includes— 
(A) administrative recommendations that 
can be implemented by a State and State au-thority or by the Secretary; and 
(B) preliminary legislative recommenda-
tions. 
(2) F
INAL LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date the working group is established, the working group shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes final legislative recommendations. 
SEC. 35307. SHARED-USE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Amtrak, commuter rail authorities, and other pas-senger rail operators, railroad carriers that own rail infrastructure over which both pas-senger and freight trains operate, States, the Surface Transportation Board, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under sec-tion 24905, the State-Supported Route Com-mittee established under section 24712, and groups representing rail passengers and cus-tomers, as appropriate, shall complete a study that evaluates— 
(1) the shared use of right-of-way by pas-
senger and freight rail systems; and 
(2) the operational, institutional, and legal 
structures that would best support improve-ments to the systems referred to in para-graph (1). 
(b) A
REAS OF STUDY .—In conducting the 
study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the access and use of railroad right-of- 
way by a rail carrier that does not own the right-of-way, such as passenger rail services that operate over privately-owned right-of- way, including an analysis of— 
(A) access agreements; (B) costs of access; and (C) the resolution of disputes relating to 
such access or costs; 
(2) the effectiveness of existing contrac-
tual, statutory, and regulatory mechanisms for establishing, measuring, and enforcing train performance standards, including— 
(A) the manner in which passenger train 
delays are recorded; 
(B) the assignment of responsibility for 
such delays; and 
(C) the use of incentives and penalties for 
performance; 
(3) strengths and weaknesses in the exist-
ing mechanisms described in paragraph (2) and possible approaches to address the weak-nesses; (4) mechanisms for measuring and main-
taining public benefits resulting from pub-licly funded freight or passenger rail im-provements, including improvements di-rected towards shared-use right-of-way by passenger and freight rail; 
(5) approaches to operations, capacity, and 
cost estimation modeling that— 
(A) allows for transparent decisionmaking; 
and 
(B) protects the proprietary interests of all 
parties; 
(6) liability requirements and arrange-
ments, including— 
(A) whether to expand statutory liability 
limits to additional parties; 
(B) whether to revise the current statutory 
liability limits; 
(C) whether current insurance levels of 
passenger rail operators are adequate and whether to establish minimum insurance re-quirements for such passenger rail operators; and 
(D) whether to establish a liability regime 
modeled after section 170 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210); 
‘‘(7) the effect on rail passenger services, 
operations, liability limits and insurance levels of the assertion of sovereign immunity by a State; and 
(8) other issues identified by the Secretary. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the study under subsection (a) is complete, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(1) the results of the study; and (2) any recommendations for further ac-
tion, including any legislative proposals con-sistent with such recommendations. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall 
integrate the recommendations submitted under subsection (c) into its financial assist-ance programs under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, and section 502 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Re-form Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822), as appro-priate. 
SEC. 35308. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMPOSITION .—Section 24905(a) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘, infrastructure invest-ments,’’ after ‘‘rail operations’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) members representing the Depart-
ment of Transportation, including the Office of the Secretary, the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D) by inserting ‘‘and 
commuter’’ after ‘‘freight’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) The members of the Commission shall 
elect co-chairs consisting of 1 member de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) and 1 member de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C).’’. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Section 24905(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and peri-
odically update’’ after ‘‘develop’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘beyond 
those specified in the state of good repair plan under section 211 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008’’; and 
‘‘(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS , 
RECOMMENDATIONS , AND PERFORMANCE RE -
PORTS .—The Commission shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5289 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) any updates made to the statement of 
goals developed under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after such updates are made; and 
‘‘(B) annual performance reports and rec-
ommendations for improvements, as appro-priate, issued not later than March 31 of each year, for the prior fiscal year, which summa-rize— 
‘‘(i) the operations and performance of 
commuter, intercity, and freight rail trans-portation along the Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(ii) the delivery of the capital plan de-
scribed in section 24904.’’. 
(c) C
OST ALLOCATION POLICY .—Section 
24905(c) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘ACCESS COSTS’’ and inserting ‘‘ALLOCA-TION OF COSTS’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘FORMULA’’ and inserting ‘‘POLICY’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Within 2 years after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commis-sion’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for-
mula’’ and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraph (B) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) develop a proposed timetable for im-
plementing the policy; 
‘‘(C) submit the policy and timetable de-
veloped under subparagraph (B) to the Sur-face Transportation Board, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(D) not later than October 1, 2015, adopt 
and implement the policy in accordance with the timetable; and 
‘‘(E) with the consent of a majority of its 
members, the Commission may petition the Surface Transportation Board to appoint a mediator to assist the Commission members through nonbinding mediation to reach an agreement under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘formula proposed in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘policy developed under’’; and 
(B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘the timetable, the Com-
mission shall petition the Surface Transpor-tation Board to’’ and inserting paragraph (1)(D) or fail to comply with the policy thereafter, the Surface Transportation Board shall’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘amounts for such services 
in accordance with section 24904(c) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘for such usage in ac-cordance with the procedures and procedural schedule applicable ‘‘to a proceeding under section 24903(c), after taking into consider-ation the policy developed under paragraph (1)(A), as applicable’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘formula’’ 
and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If 
a dispute arises with the implementation of, or compliance with, the policy developed under paragraph (1), the Commission, Am-trak, or public authorities providing com-muter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dis-pute resolution. The Surface Transportation Board shall establish procedures for resolu-tion of disputes brought before it under this paragraph, which may include the provision of professional mediation services.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
24905 is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘to the Commission such sums as may be necessary for the period encom-passing fiscal years 2009 through 2013 to carry out this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Secretary for the use of the Commission and the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section during fiscal year 2016 through 2019, in addition to amounts withheld under section 35101(e) of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(2), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘on the main line.’’ and inserting ‘‘on the main line and meet annually with the Commission on the topic of Northeast Corridor safety and security.’’. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PLANNING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 24904 as sec-
tion 24903; and 
(B) by inserting after section 24903, as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘§ 24904. Northeast Corridor planning 
(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than May 1 
of each year, the Northeast Corridor Com-mission established under section 24905 (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’) shall— 
‘‘(A) develop a capital investment plan for 
the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Av-enue interlocking in the District of Colum-bia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines; and 
‘‘(B) submit the capital investment plan to 
the Secretary of Transportation and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The capital investment 
plan shall— 
‘‘(A) reflect coordination and network opti-
mization across the entire Northeast Cor-ridor; 
‘‘(B) integrate the individual capital and 
service plans developed by each operator using the methods described in the cost allo-cation policy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) cover a period of 5 fiscal years, begin-
ning with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding section 24902(b), 
identify, prioritize, and phase the implemen-tation of projects and programs to achieve the service outcomes identified in the North-east Corridor service development plan and the asset condition needs identified in the Northeast Corridor asset management plans, once available, and consider— 
‘‘(i) the benefits and costs of capital invest-
ments in the plan; 
‘‘(ii) project and program readiness; ‘‘(iii) the operational impacts; and ‘‘(iv) funding availability; ‘‘(E) categorize capital projects and pro 
grams as primarily associated with; 
‘‘(i) normalized capital replacement and 
basic infrastructure renewals; 
‘‘(ii) replacement or rehabilitation of 
major Northeast Corridor infrastructure as-sets, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; 
‘‘(iii) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; 
‘‘(iv) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; or 
‘‘(v) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance or lower costs; ‘‘(F) identify capital projects and programs 
that are associated with more than 1 cat-egory described in subparagraph (E); 
‘‘(G) describe the anticipated outcomes of 
each project or program, including an assess-ment of— 
‘‘(i) the potential effect on passenger ac-
cessibility, operations, safety, reliability, and resiliency; 
‘‘(ii) the ability of infrastructure owners 
and operators to meet regulatory require-ments if the project or program is not fund-ed; and 
‘‘(iii) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(H) include a financial plan. 
‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL PLAN .—The financial plan 
under paragraph (2)(H) shall— 
‘‘(A) identify funding sources and financing 
methods; 
‘‘(B) identify the expected allocated shares 
of costs pursuant to the cost allocation pol-icy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) identify the projects and programs 
that the Commission expects will receive Federal financial assistance; and 
‘‘(D) identify the eligible entity or entities 
that the Commission expects will receive the Federal financial assistance described under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(b) F
AILURE TODEVELOP A CAPITAL IN-
VESTMENT PLAN.—If a capital investment 
plan has not been developed by the Commis-sion for a given fiscal year, then the funds assigned to the account established under section 24319(b) for that fiscal year may be spent only on— 
‘‘(1) capital projects described in clause (i) 
or (iii) of subsection (a)(2)(E) of this section; or 
‘‘(2) capital projects described in sub-
section (a)(2)(E)(iv) of this section that are for the sole benefit of Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ASSET MANAGE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—With regard to its infra-
structure, Amtrak and each State and public transportation entity that owns infrastruc-ture that supports or provides for intercity rail passenger transportation on the North-east Corridor shall develop an asset manage-ment system and develop and update, as nec-essary, a Northeast Corridor asset manage-ment plan for each service territory de-scribed in subsection (a) that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the Federal Tran-
sit Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(B) include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) an inventory of all capital assets 
owned by the developer of the asset manage-ment plan; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of asset condition; ‘‘(iii) a description of the resources and 
processes necessary to bring or maintain those assets in a state of good repair, includ-ing decision-support tools and investment prioritization methods; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of changes in asset con-
dition since the previous version of the plan. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Each entity described 
in paragraph (1) shall transmit to the Com-mission— 
‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, its Northeast Cor-ridor asset management plan developed under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) at least biennial thereafter, an update 
to its Northeast Corridor asset management plan. 
‘‘(d) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SERVICE DEVEL -
OPMENT PLANUPDATES .—Not less frequently 
than once every 10 years, the Commission shall update the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) N OTE AND MORTGAGE .—Section 24907(a) 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 24904 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24903’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5290 July 21, 2015 
(B) T ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .— 
The table of contents for chapter 249 is 
amended— 
(i) by redesignating the item relating to 
section 24904 as relating to section 24903; and 
(ii) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 24903, as redesignated, the following: 
‘‘24904. Northeast Corridor planning.’’. 
(3) R EPEAL .—Section 211 of the Passenger 
Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432; 49 U.S.C. 24902 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 35309. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR THROUGH- 
TICKETING AND PROCUREMENT EF-FICIENCIES. 
(a) T HROUGH -TICKETING STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section ‘‘24905(a) of title 49, United States Code (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’), in consultation with Amtrak and the commuter rail passenger transportation providers along the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study on the feasi-bility of and options for permitting through- ticketing between Amtrak service and com-muter rail services on the Northeast Cor-ridor. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study 
under paragraph (1), the Northeast Corridor Commission shall— 
(A) examine the current state of intercity 
and commuter rail ticketing technologies, policies, and other relevant aspects on the Northeast Corridor; 
(B) consider and recommend technology, 
process, policy, or other options that would permit through-ticketing to allow intercity and commuter rail passengers to purchase, in a single transaction, travel that utilizes Amtrak and connecting commuter rail serv-ices; 
(C) consider options to expand through 
ticketing to include local transit services; 
(D) summarize costs, benefits, opportuni-
ties, and impediments to developing such through-ticketing options; and 
(E) develop a proposed methodology, in-
cluding cost and schedule estimates, for car-rying out a pilot program on through- ticketing on the Northeast Corridor. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date the study under paragraph (1) is complete, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further ac-
tion. 
(b) J
OINT PROCUREMENT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commis-sion, Amtrak, and commuter rail transpor-tation authorities on the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study of the potential bene-fits resulting from Amtrak and such authori-ties undertaking select joint procurements for common materials, assets, and equip-ment when expending Federal funds for such purchases. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider— 
(A) the types of materials, assets, and 
equipment that are regularly purchased by Amtrak and such authorities that are simi-lar and could be jointly procured; 
(B) the potential benefits of such joint pro-
curements, including lower procurement costs, better pricing, greater market rel-evancy, and other efficiencies; 
(C) the potential costs of such joint pro-
curements; (D) any significant impediments to under- 
taking joint procurements, including any necessary harmonization and reconciliation of Federal and State procurement or safety regulations or standards and other require-ments; and 
(E) whether to create Federal incentives or 
requirements relating to considering or car-rying out joint procurements when expend-ing Federal funds. 
(3) T
RANSMISSION .—Not later than 60 days 
after completing the study required under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further ac-
tion. 
(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines con-necting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Spring-field, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and serv-ices used to operate and maintain those lines. 
SEC. 35310. DATA AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) D ATA.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Surface Transpor-tation Board, Amtrak, freight railroads, State and local governments, and regional business, tourism and economic development agencies shall conduct a data needs assess-ment— 
(1) to support the development of an effi-
cient and effective intercity passenger rail network; 
(2) to identify the data needed to conduct 
cost-effective modeling and analysis for intercity passenger rail development pro-grams; 
(3) to determine limitations to the data 
used for inputs; 
(4) to develop a strategy to address such 
limitations; 
(5) to identify barriers to accessing exist-
ing data; 
(6) to develop recommendations regarding 
whether the authorization of additional data collection for intercity passenger rail travel is warranted; and 
(7) to determine which entities will be re-
sponsible for generating or collecting needed data. 
(b) B
ENEFIT -COST ANALYSIS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enhance the usefulness of assessments of benefits and costs, for intercity passenger rail and freight rail projects— 
(1) by providing ongoing guidance and 
training on developing benefit and cost in-formation for rail projects; 
(2) by providing more direct and consistent 
requirements for assessing benefits and costs across transportation funding programs, in-cluding the appropriate use of discount rates; 
(3) by requiring applicants to clearly com-
municate the methodology used to calculate the project benefits and costs, including non- proprietary information on— 
(A) assumptions underlying calculations; (B) strengths and limitations of data used; 
and 
(C) the level of uncertainty in estimates of 
project benefits and costs; and 
(4) by ensuring that applicants receive 
clear and consistent guidance on values to apply for key assumptions used to estimate potential project benefits and costs. (c) C
ONFIDENTIAL DATA.—The Secretary 
shall protect sensitive or confidential to the greatest extent permitted by law. Nothing in this section shall require any entity to pro-vide information to the Secretary in the ab-sence of a voluntary agreement. 
SEC. 35311. PERFORMANCE-BASED PROPOSALS. 
(a) S OLICITATION OF PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for projects for the financing, design, con-struction, operation, and maintenance of an intercity passenger rail system, including— 
(A) the Northeast Corridor; (B) the California Corridor; (C) the Empire Corridor; (D) the Pacific Northwest Corridor; (E) the South Central Corridor; (F) the Gulf Coast Corridor; (G) the Chicago Hub Network; (H) the Florida Corridor; (I) the Keystone Corridor; (J) the Northern New England Corridor; 
and 
(K) the Southeast Corridor. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Proposals shall be sub-
mitted to the Secretary not later than 180 days after the publication of such request for proposals under paragraph graph (1). 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARD .—Proposals 
submitted under paragraph (2) shall meet any standards established by the Secretary. For corridors with existing intercity pas-senger rail service, proposals shall also be designed to achieve a reduction of existing minimum intercity rail service trip times between the main corridor city pairs by a minimum of 25 percent. In the case of a pro-posal submitted with respect to paragraph (1)(A), the proposal shall be designed to achieve a 2-hour or less express service be-tween Washington, District of Columbia, and New York City, New York. 
(4) C
ONTENTS .—A proposal submitted under 
this subsection shall include— 
(A) the names and qualifications of the 
persons submitting the proposal and the en-tities proposed to finance, design, construct, operate, and maintain the railroad, railroad equipment, and related facilities, stations, and infrastructure; 
(B) a detailed description of the proposed 
rail service, including possible routes, re-quired infrastructure investments and im-provements, equipment needs and type, train frequencies, peak and average operating speeds, and trip times; 
(C) a description of how the project would 
comply with all applicable Federal rail safe-ty and security laws, orders, and regulations; 
(D) the locations of proposed stations, 
which maximize the usage of existing infra-structure to the extent possible, and the pop-ulations such stations are intended to serve; 
(E) the type of equipment to be used, in-
cluding any technologies, to achieve trip time goals; 
(F) a description of any proposed legisla-
tion needed to facilitate all aspects of the project; 
(G) a financing plan identifying— (i) projected revenue, and sources thereof; (ii) the amount of any requested public 
contribution toward the project, and pro-posed sources; 
(iii) projected annual ridership projections 
for the first 10 years of operations; 
(iv) annual operations and capital costs; (v) the projected levels of capital invest-
ments required both initially and in subse-quent years to maintain a state-of-good-re-pair necessary to provide the initially pro-posed level of service or higher levels of serv-ice; 
(vi) projected levels of private investment 
and sources thereof, including the identity of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5291 July 21, 2015 
any person or entity that has made or is ex-
pected to make a commitment to provide or secure funding and the amount of such com-mitment; and 
(vii) projected funding for the full fair mar-
ket compensation for any asset, property right or interest, or service acquired from, owned, or held by a private person or Federal entity that would be acquired, impaired, or diminished in value as a result of a project, except as otherwise agreed to by the private person or entity; 
(H) a description of how the project would 
contribute to the development of the inter-city passenger rail system and an intermodal plan describing how the system will facili-tate convenient travel connections with other transportation services; 
(I) a description of how the project will en-
sure compliance with Federal laws governing the rights and status of employees associ-ated with the route and service, including those specified in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code; 
(J) a description of how the design, con-
struction, implementation, and operation of the project will accommodate and allow for future growth of existing and projected intercity, commuter, and freight rail service; 
(K) a description of how the project would 
comply with Federal and State environ-mental laws and regulations, of what envi-ronmental impacts would result from the project, and of how any adverse impacts would be mitigated; and 
(L) a description of the project’s impacts 
on highway and aviation congestion, energy consumption, land use, and economic devel-opment in the service area. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  
COMMISSIONS .—Not later than 90 days after 
receipt of the proposals under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) make a determination as to whether 
any such proposals— 
(A) contain the information required under 
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (a); 
(B) are sufficiently credible to warrant fur-
ther consideration; 
(C) are likely to result in a positive impact 
on the Nation’s transportation system; and 
(D) are cost-effective and in the public in-
terest; 
(2) establish a commission under sub-
section (c) for each corridor with 1 or more proposals that the Secretary determines sat-isfy the requirements of paragraph (1); and 
(3) forward to each commission established 
under paragraph (2) the applicable proposals for review and consideration. 
(c) C
OMMISSIONS .— 
(1) M EMBERS .—Each commission estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2) shall include— 
(A) the governors of the affected States, or 
their respective designees; 
(B) mayors of appropriate municipalities 
with stops along the proposed corridor, or their respective designees; 
(C) a representative from each freight rail-
road carrier using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(D) a representative from each transit au-
thority using the relevant corridor, if appli-cable; 
(E) representatives of nonprofit employee 
labor organizations representing affected railroad employees; and 
(F) the President of Amtrak or his or her 
designee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT AND SELECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint the members under paragraph (1). In selecting each commis-sion’s members to fulfill the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (E) of para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE -CHAIRPERSON SE -
LECTION .—The Chairperson and Vice-Chair-
person shall be elected from among members of each commission. 
(4) Q
UORUM AND VACANCY .— 
(A) QUORUM.—A majority of the members 
of each commission shall constitute a quorum. 
(B) VACANCY.—Any vacancy in each com-
mission shall not affect its powers and shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 
(5) Application of Law.—Except where oth-
erwise provided by this section, the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to each commission created under this section. 
(d) C
OMMISSION CONSIDERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each commission estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2) shall be re-sponsible for reviewing the proposal or pro-posals forwarded to it under that subsection and not later than 90 days after the estab-lishment of the commission, shall transmit to the Secretary a report, including— 
(A) a summary of each proposal received; (B) services to be provided under each pro-
posal, including projected ridership, reve-nues, and costs; 
(C) proposed public and private contribu-
tions for each proposal; 
(D) the advantages offered by the proposal 
over existing intercity passenger rail serv-ices; 
(E) public operating subsidies or assets 
needed for the proposed project; 
(F) possible risks to the public associated 
with the proposal, including risks associated with project financing, implementation, completion, safety, and security; 
(G) a ranked list of the proposals rec-
ommended for further consideration under subsection (e) in accordance with each pro-posal’s projected positive impact on the Na-tion’s transportation system; 
(H) an identification of any proposed Fed-
eral legislation that would facilitate imple-mentation of the projects and Federal legis-lation that would be required to implement the projects; and 
(I) any other recommendations by the com-
mission concerning the proposed projects. 
(2) V
ERBAL PRESENTATION .—Proposers shall 
be given an opportunity to make a verbal presentation to the commission to explain their proposals. 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of each commission es-tablished under subsection (b)(2) such sums as are necessary to carry out this section. 
(e) S
ELECTION BY SECRETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving the recommended proposals of the commissions established under sub-section (b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
(A) review such proposals and select any 
proposal that provides substantial benefits to the public and the national transportation system, is cost-effective, offers significant advantages over existing services, and meets other relevant factors determined appro-priate by the Secretary; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing any pro-posal with respect to subsection (a)(1)(A) that is selected by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (A) of this paragraph, all the in-formation regarding the proposal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORT .—Following the 
submission of the report under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report con-taining any proposal with respect to sub-paragraphs (B) through (K) of subsection (a)(1) that are selected by the Secretary under paragraph (1) of this subsection, all the information regarding the proposal pro-vided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON REPORT SUBMISSION .—The 
report required under paragraph (2) shall not be submitted by the Secretary until the re-port submitted under paragraph (1)(B) has been considered through a hearing by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the re-port submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(f) N
OACTIONS WITHOUT ADDITIONAL AU-
THORITY .—No Federal agency may take any 
action to implement, establish, facilitate, or otherwise act upon any proposal submitted under this section, other than those actions specifically authorized by this section, with-out explicit statutory authority enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL .—The term 
‘‘intercity passenger rail’’ means intercity rail passenger transportation as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of 
the 50 States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 35312. AMTRAK INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall have the authority available to other Inspectors General, as necessary in carrying out the duties specified in the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), to investigate any alleged violation of sections 286, 287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002 and 1516 of title 18, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY .—For purposes of sections 286, 
287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002, and 1516 of title 18, United States Code, Amtrak and the Amtrak Office of Inspector General, shall be consid-ered a corporation in which the United States has a proprietary interest as set forth in section 6 of that title. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, initiate an assess-ment to determine whether current expendi-tures or procurements involving Amtrak’s fulfillment of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) uti-lize competitive, market-driven provisions that are applicable throughout the entire term of such related expenditures or procure-ments; and 
(2) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the assess-ment under paragraph (1). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The authority provided by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall be effective only with respect to a fiscal year for which Am-trak receives a Federal subsidy. 
SEC. 35313. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) C ONTINGENT INTEREST RECOVERIES .—Sec-
tion 22106(b) is amended by striking ‘‘inter-est thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘interest there-on’’. 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—Section 22702(b)(4) is 
amended by striking ‘‘5 years for reapproval by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘4 years for acceptance by the Secretary’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5292 July 21, 2015 
(3) C ONTENTS OF STATE RAIL PLANS .—Sec-
tion 22705(a) is amended by striking para-graph (12). 
(4) Mission.—Section 24101(b) is amended 
by striking ‘‘of subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in subsection (c)’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 243 is amended by striking the item relating to section 24316 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24316. Plans to address the needs of families 
of passengers involved in rail passenger accidents.’’. 
(6) U
PDATE .—Section 24305(f)(3) is amended 
by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
(7) A
MTRAK .—Chapter 247 is amended— 
(A) in section 24702(a), by striking ‘‘not in-
cluded in the national rail passenger trans-portation system’’; 
(B) in section 24706— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a dis-
continuance under section 24704 or or’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(C) in section 24709, by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Attorney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security,’’. 
(b) P
ASSENGER RAILINVESTMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT ACT AMENDMENTS .—Section 
305(a) of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘nonprofit or-ganizations representing employees who per-form overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’ after ‘‘equipment man-ufacturers,’’. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
PART I—SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 35401. HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSING 
SAFETY. 
(a) M ODEL STATE HIGHWAY -RAIL GRADE  
CROSSING ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall develop a model of a State-spe-cific highway-rail grade crossing action plan and distribute the model plan to each State. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) methodologies, tools, and data sources 
for identifying and evaluating highway-rail grade crossing safety risks, including the public safety risks posed by blocked high-way-rail grade crossings due to idling trains; 
(B) best practices to reduce the risk of 
highway-rail grade crossing accidents or in-cidents and to alleviate the blockage of high-way rail grade crossings due to idling trains, including strategies for— 
(i) education, including model stakeholder 
engagement plans or tools; 
(ii) engineering, including the benefits and 
costs of different designs and technologies used to mitigate highway-rail grade crossing safety risks; and 
(iii) enforcement, including the strengths 
and weaknesses associated with different en-forcement methods; 
(C) for each State, a customized list and 
data set of the highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents in that State over the past 3 years, including the location, number of deaths, and number of injuries for each ac-cident or incident; and 
(D) contact information of a Department of 
Transportation safety official available to assist the State in adapting the model plan to satisfy the requirements under subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE HIGHWAY -RAILGRADE CROSSING  
ACTION PLANS .— (1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 18 
months after the Secretary develops and dis-tributes the model plan under subsection (a), the Secretary shall promulgate a rule that requires— 
(A) each State, except the 10 States identi-
fied under section 202 of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to develop and implement a State highway- rail grade crossing action plan; and 
(B) each State that was identified under 
section 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Actof 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to update its State action plan under that section and submit to the Secretary the updated State action plan and a report describing what the State did to implement its previous State action plan under that section and how it will continue to reduce highway-rail grade crossing safety risks. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each State plan required 
under this subsection shall— 
(A) identify highway-rail grade crossings 
that have experienced recent highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents, or are at highrisk for accidents or incidents; 
(B) identify specific strategies for improv-
ing safety at highway-rail grade crossings, including highway-rail grade crossing clo-sures or grade separations; and 
(C) designate a State official responsible 
for managing implementation of the State plan under subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1), as applicable. 
(3) Assistance.—The Secretary shall pro-
vide assistance to each State in developing and carrying out, as appropriate, the State plan under this subsection. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each State shall 
submit its final State plan under this sub-section to the Secretary for publication. The Secretary shall make each approved State plan publicly available on an official Inter-net Web site. 
(5) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may condi-
tion the awarding of a grant to a State under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, on that State submitting an acceptable State plan under this subsection. 
(6) R
EVIEW OF ACTION PLANS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of receipt of a State plan under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) if the State plan is approved, notify the 
State and publish the State plan under para-graph (4); and 
(B) if the State plan is incomplete or defi-
cient, notify the State of the specific areas in which the plan is deficient and allow the State to complete the plan or correct the de-ficiencies and resubmit the plan under para-graph (1). 
(7) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of a notice under paragraph (6)(B), a State shall complete the plan or correct the deficiencies and resubmit the plan. 
(8) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE OR CORRECT  
PLAN .—If a State fails to meet the deadline 
under paragraph (7), the Secretary shall post on the Web site under paragraph (4) a notice that the State has an incomplete or deficient highway-rail grade cross ing action plan. 
(c) R
AILWAY -HIGHWAY CROSSINGS FUNDS .— 
The Secretary may use funds made available to carry out section 130 of title 23, United States Code, to provide States with funds to develop a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan under subsection (b)(1)(A) of this section or to update a State action plan under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section. 
(d) Definitions.—In this section: (1) H
IGHWAY -RAIL GRADE CROSSING .—The 
term ‘‘highway-rail grade crossing’’ means a location within a State, other than a loca-tion where 1 or more railroad tracks cross 1 or more railroad tracks at grade, where— 
(A) a public highway, road, or street, or a 
private roadway, including associated side-walks and pathways, crosses 1 or more rail-
road tracks either at grade or grade-sepa-rated; or 
(B) a pathway explicitly authorized by a 
public authority or a railroad carrier that is dedicated for the use of non-vehicular traf-fic, including pedestrians, bicyclists, and others, that is not associated with a public highway, road, or street, or a private road-way, crosses or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-separated. 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means a 
State of the United States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 35402. SPEED LIMIT ACTION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, each railroad carrier providing intercity rail pas-senger transportation or commuter rail pas-senger transportation, in consultation with any applicable host railroad carrier, shall survey its entire system and identify each main track location where there is a reduc-tion of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge. 
(b) A
CTION PLANS .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date that the survey under sub-section 
(a) is complete, a rail passenger carrier 
shall submit to the Secretary an action plan that— 
(1) identifies each main track location 
where there is a reduction of more than miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for pas senger trains at that curve or bridge; 
(2) describes appropriate actions, including 
modification to automatic train control sys-
tems, if applicable, other signal systems, in-creased crew size, improved signage, or other practices, including increased crew commu-nication, to enable warning and enforcement of the maximum authorized speed for pas-senger trains at each location identified under paragraph (1); 
(3) contains milestones and target dates for 
implementing each appropriate action de-scribed under paragraph (2); and 
(4) ensures compliance with the maximum 
authorized speed at each location identified under paragraph (1). 
(c) A
PPROVAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date an action plan is submitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall approve, approve with conditions, or disapprove the action plan. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
(1) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2013–08, entitled ‘‘Operational Tests and Inspections for Compliance With Maximum Authorized Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; 
(2) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2015–03, entitled ‘‘Operational and Signal Modifica-tions for Compliance with Maximum Author-ized Passenger Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; and 
(3) the actions the Federal Railroad Ad-
ministration has taken to evaluate or incor-porate the information and findings arising 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5293 July 21, 2015 
from the safety advisories referred to in 
paragraphs (1) and (2) into the development of regulatory action and oversight activities. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall prohibit the Secretary from apply-ing the requirements of this section to other segments of track at high risk of over speed derailment. 
SEC. 35403. SIGNAGE. 
(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate such regulations as the Secretary considers necessary to require each railroad carrier providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation, in consultation with any ap-plicable host railroad carrier, to install signs to warn train crews before the train ap-proaches a location that the Secretary iden-tifies as having high risk of overspeed derail-ment. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
SEC. 35404. ALERTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate a rule to require a working alerter in the controlling locomotive of each pas-senger train in intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
mulgate a rule to specify the essential functionalities of a working alerter, includ-ing the manner in which the alerter can be reset. 
(2) A
LTERNATE PRACTICE OR TECHNOLOGY .— 
The Secretary may require or allow a tech-nology or practice in lieu of a working alerter if the Secretary determines that the technology or practice would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in en-hancing or ensuring appropriate locomotive control. 
SEC. 35405. SIGNAL PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations to require, not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, that on-track safety regu-lations, whenever practicable and consistent with other safety requirements and oper-ational considerations, include requiring im-plementation of redundant signal pro ‘‘tection, such as shunting or other practices and technologies that achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety, for maintenance- of-way work crews who depend on a train dispatcher to provide signal protection. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in providing additional signal pro-tection. 
SEC. 35406. TECHNOLOGY IMPLEMENTATION 
PLANS. 
Section 20156(e) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) each railroad carrier required to sub 
‘‘mit such a plan, until the implementation of a positive train control system by the 
railroad carrier, shall analyze and, as appro-priate, prioritize technologies and practices to mitigate the risk of overspeed derailments.’’. 
SEC. 35407. COMMUTER RAIL TRACK INSPEC-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate track inspection regulations to de-termine if a railroad carrier providing com-muter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines should be required to in spect the lines in the same manner as currently required for other com-muter railroad lines. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Considering safety, in-
cluding railroad carrier employee and con-tractor safety, and system capacity, the Sec-retary may promulgate a rule for high den-sity commuter railroad lines. If, after the evaluation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary determines that it is necessary to pro-mulgate a rule, the Secretary shall specifi-cally consider the following regulatory re-quirements for high density commuter rail-road lines: 
(1) At least once every 2 weeks— (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or 
(B) inspect each main line on foot. (2) At least once each month, traverse and 
inspect each siding by vehicle or by foot. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If, after the evaluation under 
subsection (a), the Secretary determines it is not necessary to revise the regulations under this section, the Secretary, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, shall transmit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives explaining the rea-sons for not revising the regulations. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to pro mulgate regulations or issue orders under any other law. 
SEC. 35408. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with railroad carriers, shall con-duct a study to determine whether limita-tions or weaknesses exist in the emergency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate the differences between the emer-gency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials and the emergency response guidance provided in the Emergency Response Guidebook issued by the Department of Transportation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings of the study under subsection (a) and any rec-ommendations for legislative action. 
SEC. 35409. PRIVATE HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE 
CROSSINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with railroad carriers, shall con-duct a study— 
(1) to determine whether limitations or 
weaknesses exist regarding the availability and usefulness for safety purposes of data on private highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) to evaluate existing engineering prac-
tices on private highway-rail grade cross-ings. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make recommendations as necessary to im-prove— 
(1) the utility of the data on private high-
way rail grade crossings; and (2) the implementation of private highway- 
rail crossing safety measures, including sign-age and warning systems. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings of the study and any recommendations for fur-ther action. 
SEC. 35410. REPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DAM-
AGED TRACK INSPECTION EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
201 is amended by inserting after section 20120 the following: 
20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment 
The Secretary of Transportation may re-
ceive and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from non- United States Government sources to repair damages to or replace United States Govern-ment owned automated track inspection cars and equipment as a result of third-party li-ability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Railroad Safety and Oper-ations account of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation, and maintenance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter I of chapter 201 is amended by adding after section 21020 the following: 
‘‘20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment.’’. 
SEC. 35411. RAIL POLICE OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28101 is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or 
agent, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘an employee’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: (c) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a railroad police offi-
cer directly employed by or contracted by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of a State transfers primary employment or residence from the certifying or commissioning State to another State or jurisdiction, the railroad police officer, not later than 1 year after the date of transfer, shall apply to be certified or commissioned as a police office under the laws of the State of new primary employ-ment or residence. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERIM PERIOD .—During the period be-
ginning on the date of transfer and ending 1 year after the date of transfer, a railroad po-lice officer directly employed by or con-tracted by a rail carrier and certified or com-missioned as a police officer under the laws of a State may enforce the laws of the new jurisdiction in which the railroad police offi-cer resides, to the same extent as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall recognize 
as meeting that State’s basic police officer 
certification or commissioning requirements for qualification as a rail police officer under this section any individual who successfully completes a program at a State-recognized police training academy in another State or at a Federal law enforcement training center and who is certified or commissioned as a po-lice officer by that other State. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as super-seding or affecting any unique State training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5294 July 21, 2015 
requirements related to criminal law, crimi-
nal procedure, motor vehicle code, or State- mandated comparative or annual in-service training academy or Federal law enforce-ment training center.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in part 207 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to railroad police officers), to per-mit a railroad to designate an individual, who is commissioned in the individual’s State of legal residence or State of primary employment and directly employed by or contracted by a railroad to enforce State laws for the protection of railroad property, personnel, passengers, and cargo, to serve in the States in which the railroad owns prop-erty. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A MTRAK RAIL POLICE .—Section 24305(e) 
is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘may employ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘may directly employ or contract with’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘employed without’’ and in-
serting ‘‘directly employed or contracted without’’. 
(2) S
ECURE GUN STORAGE OR SAFETY DEVICE ; 
EXCEPTIONS .—Section 922(z)(2)(B) of title 18 is 
amended by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and in-serting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’. 
SEC. 35412. OPERATION DEEP DIVE; REPORT. 
(a) P ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter until the com-pletion date, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Railroad Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes the progress of Metro- North Commuter Railroad in implementing the directives and recommendations issued by the Federal Railroad Administration in its March 2014 report to Congress titled ‘‘Op-eration Deep Dive Metro-North Commuter Railroad Safety Assessment’’. 
(b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the completion date, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall submit a final report on the directives and recommendations to Congress. 
(c) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘completion date’’ means the date on which Metro-North Commuter Railroad has completed all of the directives and rec-ommendations referred to in subsection (a). 
SEC. 35413. POST-ACCIDENT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation, in cooperation with the National Transportation Safety Board and the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘Amtrak’’), shall conduct a post-accident assessment of the Amtrak Northeast Regional Train #188 crash on May 12, 2015. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted 
pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with 
the plan for addressing the needs of the fami-lies of passengers involved in any rail pas-senger accident, which was submitted pursu-ant to section 24316 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with 
the emergency preparedness plan required under section 239.101(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; 
(3) a determination of any additional ac-
tion items that should be included in the plans referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families, including— (A) notification of emergency contacts; 
(B) dedicated and trained staff to manage 
family assistance; 
(C) the establishment of a family assist-
ance center at the accident locale or other appropriate location; 
(D) a system for identifying and recovering 
items belonging to passengers that were lost in the crash; and 
(E) the establishment of a single customer 
service entity within Amtrak to coordinate the response to the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families; 
(4) recommendations for any additional 
training needed by Amtrak staff to better implement the plans referred to in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the establish-ment of a regular schedule for training drills and exercises. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes— 
(1) its plan to achieve the recommenda-
tions referred to in subsection (b)(4); and 
(2) steps that have been taken to address 
any deficiencies identified through the as-sessment. 
SEC. 35414. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO FAMILIES OF PASSENGERS  
INVOLVED IN RAILPASSENGER ACCIDENTS .— 
Section 1139 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘phone 
number’’ and inserting ‘‘telephone number’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘post 
trauma communication with families’’ and inserting ‘‘post-trauma communication with families’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘railroad 
passenger accident’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rail passenger accident’’. 
(b) S
OLID WASTE RAILTRANSFER FACILITY  
LAND USEEXEMPTION .—Section 10909 is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Clean Railroad Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘Clean Railroads Act of 2008’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Upon the 
granting of petition from the State’’ and in-serting ‘‘Upon the granting of a petition from the State’’. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING PROCESS .—Section 20116 is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(2)’’ before ‘‘the code, 
rule, standard, requirement, or practice has been subject to notice and comment under a rule or order issued under this part.’’ and in-denting accordingly; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘unless’’ and 
indenting accordingly; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘order, or’’ and inserting ‘‘order; or’’; and 
(4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
as redesignated, by striking ‘‘unless’’ and in-serting ‘‘unless—’’. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT REPORT .—Section 20120(a) 
is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘accident 
and incidence reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-cident and incident reporting’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)(G), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(4) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘Ad-
ministrative Hearing Officer or Administra-tive Law Judge’’ and inserting ‘‘administra-tive hearing officer or administrative law judge’’. 
(e) R
AILROAD SAFETY RISKREDUCTION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 20156 is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘In developing its railroad safety risk reduction program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by inserting a comma after ‘‘good 
faith’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘non-profit’’ and inserting 
‘‘nonprofit’’. 
(f) R
OADWAY USERSIGHT DISTANCE AT HIGH-
WAYRAILGRADE CROSSINGS .—Section 20159 is 
amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation’’. 
(g) N
ATIONAL CROSSING INVENTORY .—Sec-
tion 20160 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each previously unreported crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and in-serting ‘‘concerning each previously unre-ported crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking 
‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it oper-ates’’. 
(h) M
INIMUM TRAINING STANDARDS AND  
PLANS .—Section 20162(a)(3) is amended by 
striking ‘‘railroad compliance with Federal standards’’ and inserting ‘‘railroad carrier compliance with Federal standards’’. 
(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF RAILSAFETY  
TECHNOLOGY .—Section 20164(a) is amended by 
striking ‘‘after enactment of the Railroad Safety Enhancement Act of 2008’’ and insert-ing ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008’’. 
(j) R
AIL SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF  
2008.— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—Section 1(b) of di-
vision A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4848) is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 307, by 
striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(B) in the item relating to title VI, by 
striking ‘‘solid waste facilities’’ and insert-ing ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 602, by 
striking ‘‘solid waste transfer facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facili-ties’’. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2(a)(1) of division 
A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4849) is amend-ed in the ‘‘matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting a comma after ‘‘at grade’’. 
(3) R
AILROAD SAFETY STRATEGY .—Section 
102(a)(6) of title I of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Improv-ing the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent acci-dents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic failures and other bridge and tunnel failures.’’ and inserting ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to pre-vent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fa-talities caused by catastrophic and other failures of such infrastructure.’’. 
(4) O
PERATION LIFESAVER .—Section 206(a) of 
title II of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Public Service An-nouncements’’ and inserting ‘‘public service announcements’’. 
(5) U
PDATE OF FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINIS -
TRATION ’S WEB SITE .—Section 307 of title III 
of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 103 note) is amended— 
(A) in the heading by striking ‘‘FEDERAL 
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION’S WEBSITE’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Railroad Administra-tion Web site’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5295 July 21, 2015 
(B) by striking ‘‘website’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘website’s’’ and inserting 
‘‘Web site’s’’. 
(6) A LCOHOL AND CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTING FOR MAINTENANCE -OF-WAY EMPLOY -
EES.—Section 412 of title IV of division A of 
the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20140 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
(7) T
UNNEL INFORMATION .—Section 414 of 
title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘parts 171.8, 173.115’’ and in-
serting ‘‘sections 171.8, 173.115’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘part 1520.5’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 1520.5’’. 
(8) S
AFETY INSPECTIONS IN MEXICO .—Section 
416 of title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20107 note) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. 
(9) H
EADING OF TITLE VI .—The heading of 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘SOLID WASTE FACILI-
TIES’’ and inserting ‘‘SOLID WASTE RAIL 
TRANSFER FACILITIES’’. 
(10) H
EADING OF SECTION 602 .—Section 602 of 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘SOLID WASTE TRANS-
FER FACILITIES’’ and inserting ‘‘SOLID 
WASTE RAIL TRANSFER FACILITIES’’. 
SEC. 35415. GAO STUDY ON USE OF LOCOMOTIVE 
HORNS AT HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSINGS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit a report to Congress con-taining the results of a study evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration’s final rule on the use of loco-motive horns at highway-rail grade cross-ings, which was published in the Federal Register on August 17, 2006 (71 Fed. Reg. 47614). 
PART II—CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRA-
STRUCTURE AND SAFETY IMPROVE-MENTS 
SEC. 35421. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUC-
TURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244, as amended 
by section 35302 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24408. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this section to an el-igible recipient to assist in financing the cost of improving passenger and freight rail transportation systems in terms of safety, efficiency, or reliability. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The following 
entities are eligible to receive a grant under this section: 
‘‘(1) A State. ‘‘(2) A group of States. ‘‘(3) An Interstate Compact. ‘‘(4) A public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States and having responsibility for providing inter-city rail passenger, commuter rail passenger, or freight rail transportation service. 
‘‘(5) A political subdivision of a State. ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger car-
rier that provides intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(7) A Class II railroad or Class III railroad 
(as those terms are defined in section 20102). ‘‘(8) Any rail carrier or rail equipment 
manufacturer in partnership with at least 1 of the entities described in paragraphs (1) through (5). 
‘‘(9) Any entity established to procure, 
manage, or maintain passenger rail equip-ment under section 305 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(10) An organization that is actively in-
volved in the development of operational and safety-related standards for rail equipment and operations or the implementation of safety-related programs. 
‘‘(11) The Transportation Research Board 
and any entity with which it contracts in the development of rail-related research, includ-ing cooperative research programs. 
‘‘(12) A University transportation center 
actively engaged in rail-related research. 
‘‘(13) A non-profit labor organization rep-
resenting a class or craft of employees of railroad carriers or railroad carrier contrac-tors. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—The following 
projects are eligible to receive grants under this section: 
‘‘(1) Deployment of railroad safety tech-
nology, including positive train control and rail integrity inspection systems. 
‘‘(2) A capital project as defined in section 
24401, except that a project shall not be re-quired to be in a State rail plan developed under chapter 227. 
‘‘(3) A capital project identified by the Sec-
retary as being necessary to address conges-tion challenges affecting rail service. 
(4) A highway-rail grade crossing improve-
ment, including grade separations, private highway-rail grade crossing improvements, and safety engineering improvements to re-duce risk in quiet zones or potential quiet zones. 
‘‘(5) A rail line relocation project. (6) A capital project to improve short-line 
or regional railroad infrastructure. 
‘‘(7) Development of public education, 
awareness, and targeted law enforcement ac-tivities to reduce violations of traffic laws at highway-rail grade crossings and to help pre-vent and reduce injuries and fatalities along railroad rights-of-way. 
‘‘(8) The preparation of regional rail and 
corridor service development plans and cor-responding environmental analyses. 
‘‘(9) Any project that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to enhance multimodal con-nections or facilitate service integration be-tween rail service and other modes, includ-ing between intercity rail passenger trans-portation and intercity bus service. 
‘‘(10) The development of rail-related cap-
ital, operations, and safety standards. 
‘‘(11) The implementation and operation of 
a safety program or institute designed to im-prove rail safety culture and rail safety per-formance. 
‘‘(12) Any research that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to advance any particular aspect of rail-related capital, operations, or safety improvements. 
‘‘(13) Workforce development activities, co-
ordinated to the extent practicable with the existing local training programs supported by the Department of Transportation, De-partment of Labor, and Department of Edu-cation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe the form and manner of filing an application under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In selecting a recipient 
of a grant for an eligible project, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(A) give preference to a proposed project 
for which the proposed Federal share of total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) after factoring in preference to 
projects under subparagraph (A), select projects that will maximize the net benefits 
of the funds appropriated for use under this section, considering the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed project, including antici-pated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project and fac-toring in the other considerations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall also consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the project; 
‘‘(B) The recipient’s past performance in 
developing and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(C) Whether the recipient has or will have 
the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the proposed project, satisfac-tory continuing control over the use of the equipment or facilities, and the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(D) If applicable, the consistency of the 
proposed project with planning guidance and documents set forth by the Secretary or re-quired by law or State rail plans developed under chapter 227; 
‘‘(E) If applicable, any technical evaluation 
ratings that proposed project received under previous competitive grant programs admin-istered by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(F) Such other factors as the Secretary 
considers relevant to the successful delivery of the project. 
‘‘(3) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits described in 
paragraph (1)(B) may include the effects on system and service performance, including measures such as improved safety, competi-tiveness, reliability, trip or transit time, re-silience, efficiencies from improved integra-tion with other modes, and ability to meet existing or anticipated demand. 
‘‘(f) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary shall establish performance measures for each grant recipient to assess progress in achieving strategic goals and objectives. The Secretary may require a grant recipient to periodically report information related to such performance measures. 
‘‘(g) R
URAL AREAS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-
priated under this section, at least 25 percent shall be available for projects in rural areas. The Secretary shall consider a project to be in a rural area if all or the majority of the project (determined by the geographic loca-tion or locations where the majority of the project funds will be spent) is located in a rural area. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF RURAL AREA .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘rural area’ means any area not in an urbanized area, as defined by the Census Bureau. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total costs of a project under this subsection based on the best available information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, envi-ronmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total project costs under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER RAIL REV -
ENUE .—If Amtrak or another rail passenger 
carrier is an applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applicable, may use ticket and other reve-nues generated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share re-quirements. 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .—Except as specifically 
provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5296 July 21, 2015 
section shall be subject to the requirements 
of this chapter. 
‘‘(j) A VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 244, as amended by sec-tion 35302 of this Act, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 24407 the following: 
‘‘24408. Consolidated rail infra-
structure and safety improve-ments.’’. 
PART III—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY 
RAIL SAFETY AND OTHER SAFETY 
ENHANCEMENTS 
SEC. 35431. REAL-TIME EMERGENCY RESPONSE 
INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, shall promul-gate regulations— 
(1) to require a Class I railroad trans-
porting hazardous materials— 
(A) to generate accurate, real-time, and 
electronic train consist information, includ-ing— 
(i) the identity, quantity, and location of 
hazardous materials on a train; 
(ii) the point of origin and destination of 
the train; 
(iii) any emergency response information 
or resources required by the Secretary; and 
(iv) an emergency response point of con-
tact designated by the Class I railroad; and 
(B) to enter into a memorandum of under-
standing with each applicable fusion center to provide that fusion center with secure and confidential access to the electronic train consist information described in subpara-graph (A) for each train transporting haz-ardous materials in that fusion center’s ju-risdiction; 
(2) to require each applicable fusion center 
to provide the electronic train consist infor-mation described in paragraph (1)(A) to first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel that are in-volved in the response to or investigation of an incident, accident, or public health or safety emergency involving the rail trans-portation of hazardous materials and that request such electronic train consist infor-mation; 
(3) to prohibit any railroad, employee, or 
agent from withholding, or causing to be withheld the train consist information from first responders, emergency response offi-cials, and law enforcement personnel de-scribed in paragraph (2) in the event of an in-cident, accident, or public health or safety emergency involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials; 
(4) to establish security and confidentiality 
protections to prevent the release of the electronic train consist information to unau-thorized persons; and 
(5) to allow each Class I railroad to enter 
into a memorandum of understanding with any Class II or Class III railroad that oper-ates trains over the Class I railroad’s line to incorporate the Class II or Class III rail-road’s train consist information within the existing framework described in paragraph (1). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE FUSION CENTER .—The term 
‘‘applicable fusion center’’ means a fusion center with responsibility for a geographic area in which a Class I railroad operates. 
(2) C
LASS I RAILROAD .—The term ‘‘Class I 
railroad’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘‘fusion cen-
ter’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 124h(j) of title 6, United States Code. (4) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous materials’’ means material des-ignated as hazardous by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 51 of the United States Code. 
(5) T
RAIN CONSIST .—The term ‘‘train con-
sist’’ includes, with regard to a specific train, the number of rail cars and the com-modity transported by each rail car. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to prohibit a Class I railroad from vol-untarily entering into a memorandum of un-derstanding, as described in subsection (a)(1)(B), with a State emergency response commission or an entity representing or in-cluding first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel. 
(2) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to amend any requirement for a rail-road to provide a State Emergency Response Commission, for each State in which it oper-ates trains transporting 1,000,000 gallons or more of Bakken crude oil, notification re-garding the expected movement of such trains through the counties in the State. 
SEC. 35432. THERMAL BLANKETS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to require each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification to be equipped with a thermal blanket. 
(b) D
EFINITION OFTHERMAL BLANKET .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘thermal blanket’’ means an insulating blanket that is applied between the outer surface of a tank car tank and the inner surface of a tank car jacket and that has thermal conductivity no great-er than 2.65 Btu per inch, per hour, per square foot, and per degree Fahrenheit at a temperature of 2000 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) P RESSURE RELIEF DEVICES .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect or prohibit any requirement to equip with ap-propriately sized pressure relief devices a tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specifica-tion or a non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification. 
(2) H
ARMONIZATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to require or allow the Secretary to prescribe an implementa-tion deadline or authorization end date for the requirement under subsection (a) that is earlier than the applicable implementation deadline or authorization end date for other tank car modifications necessary to meet the DOT–117R specification. 
SEC. 35433. COMPREHENSIVE OIL SPILL RE-
SPONSE PLANS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to require each railroad carrier transporting a Class 3 flammable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
(b) CONTENTS.—The regulations under 
subsection (a) shall require each rail carrier described in that subsection— 
(1) to include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan procedures and resources for responding, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to a worst case discharge; 
(2) to ensure the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan is consistent with the National Contingency Plan and each applicable Area Contingency Plan; 
(3) to include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan appropriate notification and training procedures; 
(4) to review and update its comprehensive 
oil spill response plan as appropriate; and (5) to provide the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan for acceptance by the Sec-retary. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in the sec-
tion may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from promulgating different com-prehensive oil response plan standards for Class I, Class II, and Class III railroads. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A REA CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘‘Area Contingency Plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 311(a) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)). 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) C
LASS I RAILROAD , CLASS II RAILROAD , 
AND CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘‘Class I 
rairoad’’, ‘‘Class II railroad’’ and ‘‘Class III railroad’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
(5) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(6) W
ORST -CASE DISCHARGE .—The term 
‘‘worst-case discharge’’ means a railroad car-rier’s calculation of its largest foreseeable discharge in the event of an accident or inci-dent. 
SEC. 35434. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL LI-
ABILITY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a study on the levels and structure of insurance for a railroad car-rier transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the level and structure of insurance, in-
cluding self-insurance, available in the pri-vate market against the full liability poten-tial for damages arising from an accident or incident involving a train transporting haz-ardous materials; 
(2) the level and structure of insurance 
that would be necessary and appropriate— 
(A) to efficiently allocate risk and finan-
cial responsibility for claims; and 
(B) to ensure that a railroad carrier trans-
porting hazardous materials can continue to operate despite the risk of an accident or in-cident; 
(3) the potential applicability to trains 
transporting hazardous materials of— 
(A) a liability regime modeled after section 
170 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2210); and 
(B) a liability regime modeled after sub-
title of title XXI of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–10 et seq.). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date the study under subsection (a) is initiated, the Secretary shall submit a re-port containing the results of the study and recommendations for addressing liability issues with rail transportation of hazardous materials to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H AZARDOUS MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous material’’ means a substance or ma-terial the Secretary designates under section 5103(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5297 July 21, 2015 
SEC. 35435. STUDY AND TESTING OF ELECTRONI-
CALLY-CONTROLLED PNEUMATIC BRAKES. 
(a) G OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Government Account 
ability Office shall complete an independent evaluation of ECP brake systems pilot pro-gram data and the Department of Transpor-tation’s research and analysis on the effects of ECP brake systems. 
(2) S
TUDY ELEMENTS .—In completing the 
independent evaluation under paragraph (1), the Government Accountability Office shall examine the following issues related to ECP brake systems: 
(A) Data and modeling results on safety 
benefits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of- train devices. 
(B) Data and modeling results on business 
benefits, including the effects of dynamic braking. 
(C) Data on costs, including up-front cap-
ital costs and on-going maintenance costs. 
(D) Analysis of potential operational chal-
lenges, including the effects of potential lo-comotive and car segregation, technical reli-ability issues, and network disruptions. 
(E) Analysis of potential implementation 
challenges, including installation time, posi-tive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabilities. 
(F) Analysis of international experiences 
with the use of advanced braking tech-nologies. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the results of the inde-pendent evaluation under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
MERGENCY BRAKING APPLICATION TEST-
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall enter into an agreement with the NCRRP Board— 
(A) to complete testing of ECP brake sys-
tems during emergency braking application, including more than scenario involving the uncoupling of a train with 70 or more DOT 117 specification or DOT 117R-specification tank cars; and 
(B) to transmit, not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the testing. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board may contract with 1 or more engineer-ing or rail experts, as appropriate, with rel-evant experience in conducting railroad safe-ty technology tests or similar crash tests. 
(3) T
ESTING FRAMEWORK .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board and each contractor described in para-graph (2) shall ensure that the testing objec-tively, accurately, and reliably measures the performance of ECP brake systems relative to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of- train devices, including differences in— 
(A) the number of cars derailed; (B) the number of cars punctured; (C) the measures of in-train forces; and 
(D) the stopping distance. (4) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall require, 
as part of the agreement under paragraph (1), that the NCRRP Board fund the testing re-quired under this section— (A) using such sums made available under 
section 24910 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) to the extent funding under subpara 
graph (A) is insufficient or unavailable to fund the testing required under this section, using such sums as are necessary from the amounts appropriated to the Office of the Secretary. 
(5) E
QUIPMENT .—The NCRRP Board and 
each contractor described in paragraph (2) may receive or use rolling stock, track, and other equipment or infrastructure from a private entity for the purposes of conducting the testing required under this section. 
(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED APPROACH .— 
(1) A NALYSIS .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the report 
date, fully incorporate and reflect the find-ings from both reports into a draft updated regulatory impact analysis of the effects of the applicable ECP brake system require-ments; 
(B) as soon as practicable after completion 
of the draft updated analysis under subpara-graph (A), solicit public comment on the analysis for a period of not more than 30 days; and 
(C) not later than 60 days after the end of 
the public comment period, post the final up-dated regulatory impact analysis on the De-partment of Transportation Web site. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 180 
days after the report date, the Secretary shall— 
(A) determine, based on whether the final 
regulatory impact analysis described in paragraph (1)(C) demonstrates that the bene-fits, including safety benefits, of the applica-ble ECP brake system requirements exceed their costs, whether the applicable ECP brake system requirements are justified; and 
(B)(i) if the applicable ECP brake system 
requirements are justified, publish in the Federal Register the determination with the reasons for it; or 
(ii) if the Secretary does not publish the 
determination under clause (i), repeal the applicable ECP brake system requirements. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE ECP BRAKE SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The term ‘‘applicable brake system 
requirements’’ means sections 174.310(a)(3)(ii), 174.310(a)(3)(iii), 174.310(a)(5)(v), 179.102–10, 179.202–12(g), and 179.202–13(i) of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, and any other regulation in effect on the date of enactment of this Act requiring the installation of ECP brakes or operation in ECP brake mode. 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) ECP.—The term ‘‘ECP’’ means elec-
tronically-controlled pneumatic when ap-plied to a brake or brakes. 
(4) ECP 
BRAKE MODE .—The term ‘‘ECP 
brake mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
(5) ECP 
BRAKE SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ECP brake 
system’’ means a train power braking sys-tem actuated by compressed air and con-trolled by electronic signals from the loco-motive or an ECP-EOT to the cars in the consist for service and emergency applica-tions in which the brake pipe is used to pro-vide a constant supply of compressed air to the reservoirs on each car but does not con-vey braking signals to the car. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ includes dual mode and stand-alone ECP brake systems. 
(6) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE UNIT TRAIN .— 
The term ‘‘high-hazard flammable unit train’’ means a single train transporting 70 or more loaded tank cars containing Class 3 
flammable liquid. 
(7) NCRRP 
BOARD .—The term ‘‘NCRRP 
Board’’ means the independent governing board of the National Cooperative Rail Re-search Program. 
(8) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(9) R
EPORT DATE .—The term ‘‘report date’’ 
means the date that both the report under subsection (a)(3) and the report under sub-section (b)(1)(B) have been transmitted under those subsections. 
SEC. 35436. RECORDING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
201 is amended by adding after section 20167 the following: 
§ 20168. Installation of audio and image re-
cording devices 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate regulations to require each rail car-rier that provides regularly scheduled inter-city rail passenger or commuter rail pas-senger transportation to the public to install inward- and outward-facing image recording devices in all controlling locomotive cabs and cab car operating compartments in such passenger trains. 
‘‘(b) D
EVICE STANDARDS .—Each inward- and 
outward-facing image recording device shall— 
‘‘(1) have a minimum 12-hour continuous 
recording capability; 
‘‘(2) have crash and fire protections for any 
in-cab image recordings that are stored only within a controlling locomotive cab or cab car operating compartment; and 
‘‘(3) have recordings accessible for review 
during an accident investigation. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a process to review and approve or dis-approve an inward- or outward-facing record-ing device for compliance with the standards described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) U
SES.—A rail carrier that has in-
stalled an inward- or outward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) may use recordings from that inward- or outward-facing image recording device for the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) Verifying that train crew actions are 
in accordance with applicable safety laws and the rail carrier’s operating rules and procedures. 
‘‘(2) Assisting in an investigation into the 
causation of a reportable accident or inci-dent. 
‘‘(3) Carrying out efficiency testing and 
systemwide performance monitoring pro-grams. 
‘‘(4) Documenting a criminal act or moni-
toring unauthorized occupancy of the con-trolling locomotive cab or car operating compartment. 
‘‘(5) Other purposes that the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(e) V
OLUNTARY IMPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each rail carrier oper-
ating freight rail service may implement any inward- or outward-facing image recording devices approved under subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED USES .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, each rail carrier may use recordings from an inward- or out-ward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) for any of the purposes described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(f) D
ISCRETION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) require in-cab audio recording devices 
for the purposes described in subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) define in appropriate technical detail 
the essential features of the devices required under subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5298 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) E XEMPTIONS .—The Secretary may ex-
empt any rail passenger carrier or any part of a rail passenger carrier’s operations from the requirements under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the rail passenger carrier has implemented an alternative tech-nology or practice that provides an equiva-lent or greater safety benefit or is better suited to the risks of the operation. 
‘‘(g) T
AMPERING .—A rail carrier may take 
appropriate enforcement or administrative action against any employee that tampers with or disables an audio or inward- or out-ward-facing image recording device installed by the rail carrier. 
‘‘(h) P
RESERVATION OF DATA.—Each rail 
passenger carrier subject to the require-ments of subsection (a) shall preserve record-ing device data for 1 year after the date of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .—An in-cab 
audio or image recording, and any part thereof, that the Secretary obtains as part of an accident or incident investigated by the Department of Transportation shall be ex-empt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5. 
‘‘(j) P
ROHIBITED USE.—An in-cab audio or 
image recording obtained by a rail carrier under this section may not be used to retali-ate against an employee. 
‘‘(k) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed as requiring a rail carrier to cease or restrict operations upon a technical failure of an inward- or outward- facing image recording device. Such rail car-rier shall repair or replace the failed inward- or outward-facing image recording device as soon as practicable.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter II of chapter 201 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
20168. Installation of audio and image record-
ing devices.’’. 
SEC. 35437. RAIL PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION 
LIABILITY. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Section 28103(a) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘$200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$295,000,000, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The liability cap under paragraph (2) 
shall be adjusted every years by the Sec-retary of Transportation to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index-All Urban Con-sumers. 
‘‘(4) The Federal Government shall have no 
financial responsibility for any claims de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF RAILPASSENGER TRANS -
PORTATION .—Section 28103(e) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D EFINI -
TION.—’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS .—’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘rail passenger transpor-
tation’ includes commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102).’’. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No Federal funds may be 
appropriated for the purpose of paying for the portion of an insurance premium attrib-utable to the increase in allowable awards under the amendments made by subsection (a). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall be effective for any passenger rail accident or incident oc-curring on or after May 12, 2015. 
SEC. 35438. MODIFICATION REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a reporting re-quirement to monitor industry-wide progress toward modifying tank cars used in high- 
hazard flammable train service by the appli-cable deadlines or authorization end dates set in regulation. 
(b) T
ANK CARDATA.—The Secretary shall 
collect data from shippers and tank car own-ers on— 
(1) the total number of tank cars modified 
to meet the DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank 
car before it was modified, including non- jacketed DOT–111, jacketed DOT–111, non- jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 
3 flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year; 
(2) the total number of tank cars built to 
meet the DOT–117 specification, or equiva-lent; and 
(3) the total number of tank cars used or 
likely to be used in high-hazard flammable train service that have not been modified, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank 
car not modified, including the non-jacketed DOT–111, jacketed DOT–111, non-jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 
3 flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year. 
(c) T
ANK CARSHOPDATA.—The Secretary 
shall conduct a survey of tank car facilities modifying tank cars to the DOT–117R speci-fication, or equivalent, or building new tank cars to the DOT–117 specification, or equiva-lent, to generate statistically-valid esti-mates of the expected number of tank cars those facilities expect to modify to DOT– 117R specification, or equivalent, or build to the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent. 
(d) F
REQUENCY .—The Secretary shall col-
lect the data under subsection (b) and con-duct the survey under subsection (c) annu-ally until May 1, 2025. 
(e) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall only 
report data in industry-wide totals and shall treat company-specific information as con-fidential business information. 
(2) L
EVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure the data collected under subsection (b) and the survey data under sub-section (c) have the same level of confiden-tiality as contained in the Confidential In-formation Protection and Statistical Effi-ciency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note), as ad-ministered by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics. 
(3) S
ECTION 552(B)(3) OF TITLE 5.—Any infor-
mation that the Secretary obtains under subsection (b) or subsection (c) by the De-partment of Transportation shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5. 
(4) D
ESIGNEE .—The Secretary may des-
ignate the Director of the Bureau of Trans-portation Statistics to collect data under subsection (b) and the survey data under sub-section (c) and direct the Director to ensure the confidentially of company-specific infor-mation to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Each year, not later than 60 
days after the date that both the collection of the data under subsection (b) and the sur-vey under subsection (c) are complete, the Secretary shall report on the aggregate re-sults, without company-specific information, to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a continuous block or a single train trans-porting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
SEC. 35439. REPORT ON CRUDE OIL CHARACTER-
ISTICS RESEARCH STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the research 
completion of the comprehensive Crude Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Anal-ysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study at Sandia National Laboratories, the Secretary of Energy, in cooperation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives that contains— 
(1) the results of the comprehensive Crude 
Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study; and 
(2) recommendations, based on the findings 
of the study, for— 
(A) regulations that should be prescribed 
by the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Energy to improve the safe transport of crude oil; and 
(B) statutes that should be enacted by Con-
gress to improve the safe transport of crude oil. 
PART IV—POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
SEC. 35441. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, shall assess spectrum needs and availability for imple-menting positive train control systems (as defined in section 20157(i)(3) of title 49, United States Code). The Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stake-holders in carrying out this section. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 35442. UPDATED PLANS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION .—Section 20157(a) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) P LAN REQUIRED .—Each Class I railroad 
carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail pas-senger transportation shall develop and sub-mit to the Secretary of Transportation a plan for implementing a positive train con-trol system by December 31, 2015, governing operations on— 
‘‘(A) its main line over which intercity rail 
passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in sec-tion 24102) is regularly provided; 
‘‘(B) its main line over which poison- or 
toxic-by-inhalation hazardous materials (as defined in sections 171.8, 173.115, and 173.132 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and 
‘‘(C) such other tracks as the Secretary 
may prescribe by regulation or order. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEROPERABILITY AND  
PRIORITIZATION .—The plan shall describe how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5299 July 21, 2015 
the railroad carrier or other entity subject 
to paragraph (1) will provide for interoper-ability of the positive train control systems with movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines and shall, to the ex-tent practical, implement the positive train control systems in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk. 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW OF UPDATED  
PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) S UBMISSION OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not-
withstanding the deadline set forth in para-graph (1), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, each Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) may submit to the Secretary an updated plan that amends the plan sub-mitted under paragraph (1) with an updated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)) and milestones or metrics (as described in paragraph (4)(A)) that dem-onstrate that the railroad carrier or other entity will implement a positive train con-trol system as soon as practicable, if imple-menting in accordance with the updated plan will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe implemen-tation. 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not later 
than 150 days after receiving an updated plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall review the updated plan and approve or dis-approve it. In determining whether to ap-prove or disapprove the updated plan, the Secretary shall consider whether the rail-road carrier or other entity submitting the plan— 
‘‘(i)(I) has encountered technical or pro-
grammatic challenges identified by the Sec-retary in the 2012 report transmitted to Con-gress pursuant to subsection (d); and 
‘‘(II) the challenges referred to in sub-
clause (I) have negatively affected the suc-cessful implementation of positive train con-trol systems; 
‘‘(ii) has demonstrated due diligence in its 
effort to implement a positive train control system; 
‘‘(iii) has included in its plan milestones or 
metrics that demonstrate the railroad car-rier or other entity will implement a posi-tive train control system as soon as prac-ticable, if implementing in accordance with the milestones or metrics will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, suc-cessful, and safe implementation; and 
‘‘(iv) has set an implementation schedule 
in its plan that shows the railroad will com-ply with paragraph (7), if implementing in accordance with the implementation sched-ule will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe imple-mentation. 
‘‘(C) M
ODIFICATION OF UPDATED PLANS .—(i) 
If the Secretary has not approved an updated plan under subparagraph (B) within 60 days of receiving the updated plan under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall immediately— 
‘‘(I) provide a written response to the rail-
road carrier or other entity that identifies the reason for not approving the updated plan and explains any incomplete or defi-cient items; 
‘‘(II) allow the railroad carrier or other en-
tity to submit, within 30 days of receiving the written response under subclause (I), a modified version of the updated plan for the Secretary’s review; and 
‘‘(III) approve or issue final disapproval for 
a modified version of the updated plan sub-mitted under subclause (II) not later than 60 days after receipt. 
‘‘(ii) During the 60-day period described in 
clause (i)(III), the railroad or other entity that has submitted a modified version of the updated plan under clause (i)(II) may make additional modifications, if requested by the 
Secretary, for the purposes of correcting in-complete or deficient items to receive ap-proval. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 
30 days after approving an updated plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the updated plan available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion. 
‘‘(E) P
ENDING REVIEWS .—For an applicant 
that submits an updated plan under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall extend the deadline for implementing a positive train control system at least until the date the Secretary approves or issues final dis-approval for the updated plan with an up-dated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)). 
‘‘(F) D
ISAPPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity that has its modified version of its updated plan disapproved by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (C)(i)(III), and that has not implemented a positive train control system by the deadline in subsection (a)(1), is subject to enforcement action au-thorized under subsection (e). 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS OF UPDATED PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) M ILESTONES OR METRICS .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall describe the following milestones or metrics: 
‘‘(i) The total number of components that 
will be installed with positive train control by the end of each calendar year until posi-tive train control is fully implemented, with totals separated by each component cat-egory. 
‘‘(ii) The number of employees that will re-
ceive the training, as required under the ap-plicable positive train control system regu-lations, by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully imple-mented. 
‘‘(iii) The calendar year or years in which 
spectrum will be acquired and will be avail-able for use in all areas that it is needed for positive train control implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and ready for use. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION SCHEDULE .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include an implementation schedule that identifies the dates by which the rail-road carrier or other entity will— 
‘‘(i) fully implement a positive train con-
trol system; 
‘‘(ii) complete all component installation, 
consistent with the milestones or metrics de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i); 
‘‘(iii) complete all employee training re-
quired under the applicable positive train control system regulations, consistent with the milestones or metrics described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) acquire all necessary spectrum, con-
sistent with the milestones or metrics in subparagraph (A)(iii); and 
‘‘(v) activate its positive train control sys-
tem. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include— 
‘‘(i) the total number of positive train con-
trol components required for implementa-tion, with totals separated by each major component category; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of employees requir-
ing training under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
‘‘(iii) a summary of the remaining chal-
lenges to positive train control system im-plementation, including— 
‘‘(I) testing issues; ‘‘(II) interoperability challenges; ‘‘(III) permitting issues; and ‘‘(IV) certification challenges. ‘‘(D) D
EFINED TERM .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘component’’ means a locomotive ap-paratus, a wayside interface unit (including 
any associated legacy signal system replace-ments), back office system hardware, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a loco-motive radio. 
‘‘(5) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The Class I 
railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) shall implement a positive train control system in accordance with its plan, including any amendments made to the plan by its updated plan approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3), and subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Each Class I rail-
road carrier or other entity with an approved updated plan shall submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the progress made on positive train control implementa-tion, including— 
‘‘(A) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity met or exceeded the metrics or milestones described in paragraph (4)(A); 
‘‘(B) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity complied with its imple-mentation schedule under paragraph (4)(B); and 
‘‘(C) any update to the information pro-
vided under paragraph (4)(C). 
‘‘(7) C
ONSTRAINT .—Each updated plan shall 
reflect that the railroad carrier or other en-tity subject to paragraph (1) will, not later than December 31, 2018— 
‘‘(A) complete component installation and 
spectrum acquisition; and 
‘‘(B) activate its positive train control sys-
tem without undue delay.’’. 
(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 20157(e) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) E NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary is au-
thorized to assess civil penalties pursuant to chapter 213 for the failure to submit or com-ply with a plan for implementing positive train control under subsection (a), including any amendments to the plan made by an up-dated plan (including milestones or metrics and an updated implementation schedule) approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3) of such subsection, subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 20157(i) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) A
CTIVATE .—The term ‘activate’ means 
to initiate the use of a positive train control system in every subdivision or district where the railroad carrier or other entity is pre-pared to do so safely, reliably, and success-fully, and proceed with revenue service dem-onstration as necessary for system testing and certification, prior to full implementa-tion.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) C ONFORMING REGULATORY AMEND -
MENTS .—Immediately after the date of the 
enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall remove or revise any references 
to specified dates in the regulations or or-ders implementing this section to the extent necessary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(B) may not enforce any such date-spe-
cific deadlines or requirements that are in-consistent with the amendments made by such Act.’’. 
(e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5300 July 21, 2015 
(1) R ESUBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—Noth-
ing in the amendments made by this section may be construed to require a Class I rail-road carrier or other entity subject to sec-tion 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to resubmit in its updated plan information from its initial implementation plan that is not changed or affected by the updated plan. The Secretary shall consider an updated plan submitted pursuant to paragraph (3) of that section to be an addendum that makes amendments to the initial implementation plan ÷. 
(2) S
UBMISSION OF NEW PLAN .—Nothing in 
the amendments made by this section may be construed to require a Class I railroad carrier or other ‘‘entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to submit a new implementation plan pursuant to the deadline set forth in that section. 
(3) A
PPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or other 
entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, that has its updated plan, including a modified version of the up-dated plan, approved by the Secretary under subparagraph (B) or subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) of that section shall not be re-quired to implement a positive train control system by the deadline under paragraph (1) of that section. 
SEC. 35443. EARLY ADOPTION AND INTEROPER-
ABILITY. 
(a) E ARLY ADOPTION .—During the 1-year 
period beginning on the date on which the last railroad carrier’s or other entity’s posi-tive train control system, subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, is cer-tified by the Secretary under subsection (h) of such section and implemented on all of that railroad carrier’s or other entity’s lines required to have operations governed by a positive train control system, any railroad carrier or other entity shall not be subject to the operational restrictions set forth in sub-part I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that would otherwise apply in the event of a positive train control system component failure. 
(b) I
NTEROPERABILITY PROCEDURE .—If mul-
tiple railroad carriers operate on a single railroad line through a trackage or haulage agreement, each railroad carrier operating on the railroad line shall not be subject to the operating restrictions set forth in sub-part I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to the railroad line, until the Secretary certifies that— 
(1) each Class I railroad carrier and each 
entity providing regularly scheduled inter-city or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation that operates on the railroad line is in compliance with its positive train control re-quirements under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) each Class II or Class III railroad that 
operates on the railroad line is in compli-ance with the applicable regulatory require-ments to equip locomotives operating in positive train control territory; and 
(3) the implementation of any and all posi-
tive train control systems are interoperable and operational on the railroad line in con-formance with each approved implementa-tion plan so that each freight and passenger railroad can operate on the line with that freight or passenger railroad’s positive train control equipment. 
(c) S
MALL RAILROADS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend section 236.1006(b)(4)(iii)(B) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to equipping loco-motives for applicable Class II and Class III railroads operating in positive train control territory) to extend each deadline by 3 years. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
nothing in subsection (a) may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from enforcing the 
metrics and milestones under section 20157(a)(4)(A) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 35442 of this Act. 
(2) A
CTIVATION .—Beginning on the date in 
which a railroad carrier or other entity sub-ject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 35442 of this Act, has activated its positive train con-trol system, the railroad carrier or other en-tity shall not be in violation of its plan, in-cluding its updated plan, approved under this Act if implementing such plan introduces operational challenges or risks to full, suc-cessful, and safe implementation. 
SEC. 35444. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL AT GRADE 
CROSSINGS EFFECTIVENESS STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—After the Secretary certifies 
that each Class I railroad carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled inter-city or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation is in compliance with the positive train control requirements under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Cooperative Rail Research Pro-gram Board— 
(1) to conduct a study of the possible effec-
tiveness of positive train control and related technologies on reducing collisions at high-way-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) to submit a report containing the re-
sults of the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may require, 
as part of the agreement under subsection (a), that the National Cooperative Rail Re-search Program Board fund the study re-quired under this section using such sums as may be necessary out of the amounts made available under section 24910 of title 49, United States Code. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
SEC. 35501. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Track, 
Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act’’. 
SEC. 35502. PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC LANDS. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhance-ment measures incorporated into the pro-gram or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, 
or the maintenance, rehabilitation, or oper-ation of, railroad or rail transit lines or ele-ments of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers, shall not be considered a use of an historic site under subsection (a), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of His-toric Places.’’. 
(b) T
RANSPORTATION PROJECTS .—Section 
303 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhance-ment measures incorporated into the pro-gram or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, 
or the maintenance, rehabilitation, or oper-ation of, railroad or rail transit lines or ele-ments of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers, shall not be considered a use of an 
historic site under subsection (c), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of His-toric Places.’’. 
SEC. 35503. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘for 
multimodal projects’’ and inserting ‘‘and in 
creasing the efficiency of environmental re-views’’ ; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
FFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall apply the project develop-ment procedures, to the greatest extent fea-sible, described in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, to any rail project that requires the approval of the Secretary of Transportation under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Secretary of Transportation shall incor-porate such project development procedures into the agency regulations and procedures pertaining to rail projects. 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICABILITY OF NEPA D ECISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A Department of Trans-
portation operating administration may apply a categorical exclusion designated by another Department of Transportation oper-ating administration under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) F
INDINGS .—A Department of Transpor-
tation operating administration may adopt, in whole or in part, another Department of Transportation operating administration’s Record of Decision, Finding of No Signifi-cant Impact, and any associated evaluations, determinations, or findings demonstrating compliance with any law related to environ-mental review or historic preservation.’’. 
SEC. 35504. ADVANCE ACQUISITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 241 is amended 
by inserting after section 24105 the fol-lowing— 
‘‘§24106. Advance acquisition 
‘‘(a) R
AIL CORRIDOR PRESERVATION .—The 
Secretary may assist a recipient of funding in acquiring right of-way and adjacent real property interests before or during the com-pletion of the environmental reviews for any project receiving funding under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, that may use such property interests if the acquisition is otherwise permitted under Federal law, and the recipient requesting Federal funding for the acquisition certifies, with the concur-rence of the Secretary, that— 
‘‘(1) the recipient has authority to acquire 
the right-of-way or adjacent real property interest; and 
‘‘(2) the acquisition of the right-of-way or 
adjacent real property interest— 
‘‘(A) is for a transportation or transpor-
tation-related purpose; 
‘‘(B) will not cause significant adverse en-
vironmental impact; 
‘‘(C) will not limit the choice of reasonable 
alternatives for the proposed project or oth-erwise influence the decision of the Sec-retary on any approval required for the pro-posed project; 
‘‘(D) does not prevent the lead agency for 
the review process from making an impartial decision as to whether to accept an alter-native that is being considered; 
‘‘(E) complies with other applicable Fed-
eral law, including regulations; 
‘‘(F) will be acquired through negotiation 
and without the threat of condemnation; and 
‘‘(G) will not result in the elimination or 
reduction of benefits or assistance to a dis-placed person under the Uniform Relocation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 14:17 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5301 July 21, 2015 
Assistance and Real Property Acquisition 
Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.). 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLETION OF NEPA REVIEW .—Before 
authorizing any Federal funding for the ac-quisition of a real property interest that is the subject of a grant or other funding under this subtitle, the Secretary shall complete, if required, the review process under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the acqui-sition. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF SECTION 106 .—An acqui-
sition of a real property interest involving an historic site shall not occur unless the section 106 process, if required, under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act (54 U.S.C. 306108) is complete. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ACQUISITIONS .—A real prop-
erty interest acquired under subsection (a) may not be developed in anticipation of the proposed project until all required environ-mental reviews for the project have been completed.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 241 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 24105 the following: 
‘‘§24106. Advance acquisition.’’. 
SEC. 35505. RAILROAD RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
‘‘Section 306108 of title 54, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(b) O PPORTUNITY TOCOM-
MENT .—’’ before ‘‘The head of the Federal 
agency shall afford’’ and indenting accord-ingly; 
(2) in the matter before subsection (b), by 
inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The 
head of any Federal agency having direct’’ and indenting accordingly; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR RAILROAD RIGHTS -OF- 
WAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Track, Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a proposed exemption of railroad rights-of- way from the review under this chapter to the Council for its consideration, consistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928). 
‘‘(2) F
INAL EXEMPTION .—Not later than 180 
days after the date that the Secretary sub-mits the proposed exemption under para-graph (1) to the Council, the Council shall issue a final exemption of railroad rights-of- way from review under this chapter, con-sistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928).’’. 
SEC. 35506. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment 
made by this title, shall be construed as superceding, amending, or modifying the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or affect the responsi-bility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any such statute. 
SEC. 35507. TRANSITION. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment 
made by this title, shall affect any existing environmental review process, program, agreement, or funding arrangement approved by the Secretary under title 49, United States Code, as that title was in effect on the day preceding the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
SEC. 35601. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be 
cited as the ‘‘Railroad Infrastructure Fi-nancing Improvement Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO THE RAILROAD REVITAL -
IZATION AND REGULATORY REFORM ACT OF  
1976.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-vided, wherever in this subtitle an amend-ment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, as amended (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
SEC. 35602. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (45 U.S.C. 821) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (10); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘investment-grade rating’ 
means a rating of BBB minus, Baa 3, bbb minus, BBB(low), or higher assigned by a rating agency.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (8), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘‘master credit agreement’’ 
means an agreement to make 1 or more di-rect loans or loan guarantees at future dates for a program of related projects on terms acceptable to the Secretary.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘project obligation’ means a 
note, bond, debenture, or other debt obliga-tion issued by a borrower in connection with the financing of a project, other than a di-rect loan or loan guarantee under this title. 
‘‘(12) The term ‘railroad’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘railroad carrier’ in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘(13) The term ‘rating agency’ means a 
credit rating agency registered with the Se-curities and Exchange Commission as a na-tionally recognized statistical rating organi-zation (as defined in section 3(a) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). 
‘‘(14) The term ‘substantial completion’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the opening of a project to passenger 
or freight traffic; or 
‘‘(B) a comparable event, as determined by 
the Secretary and specified in the direct loan.’’. 
SEC. 35603. ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS. 
Section 502(a) (45 U.S.C. 822(a)) is amend-
ed— 
‘‘(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘one rail-
road; and’’ and inserting ‘‘1 of the entities described in ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6);’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) solely for the purpose of constructing 
a rail connection between a plant or facility and a rail carrier, limited option freight shippers that own or operate a plant or other facility; and’’. 
SEC. 35604. ELIGIBLE PURPOSES. 
Section 502(b)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(b)(1)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and 
costs related to these activities, including pre-construction costs’’ after ‘‘shops’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A); or’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A) or (C);’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) reimburse planning and design ex-
penses relating to projects described in sub-paragraph (A) or (C).’’. 
SEC. 35605. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
Section 502(i) (45 U.S.C. 822(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCE -
DURES .— ‘‘(1) A PPLICATION STATUS NOTICES .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date that the Secretary receives an application under this section, the Secretary shall provide the ap-plicant written notice as to whether the ap-plication is complete or incomplete. 
‘‘(2) I
NCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—If the Sec-
retary determines that an application is in-complete, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide the applicant with a descrip-
tion of all of the specific information or ma-terial that is needed to complete the applica-tion; and 
‘‘(B) allow the applicant to resubmit the 
information and material described under subparagraph (A) to complete the applica-tion. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION APPROVALS AND DIS -
APPROVALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date the Secretary notifies an ap-plicant that an application is complete under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall pro-vide the applicant written notice as to whether the Secretary has approved or dis-approved the application. 
‘‘(B) A
CTIONS BY THE OFFICE OF MANAGE -
MENT AND BUDGET .—In order to enable com-
pliance with the time limit under subpara-graph (A), the Office of Management and Budget shall take any action required with respect to the application within that 60–day period. 
‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCESSING .—The Sec-
retary shall implement procedures and meas-ures to economize the time and cost involved in obtaining an approval or a disapproval of credit assistance under this title. 
‘‘(5) D
ASHBOARD .—The Secretary shall post 
on the Department of Transportation’s pub-lic Web site a monthly report that includes for each application— 
‘‘(A) the name of the applicant or appli-
cants; 
‘‘(B) the location of the project; ‘‘(C) a brief description of the project, in-
cluding its purpose; 
‘‘(D) the requested direct loan or loan 
guarantee amount; 
‘‘(E) the date on which the Secretary pro-
vided application status notice under para-graph (1); and 
‘‘(F) the date that the Secretary provided 
notice of approval or disapproval under para-graph (3).’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF DIRECT LOANS AND  
LOAN GUARANTEES .—Section 503 (45 U.S.C. 
823) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘, including a pro-gram guide and standard term sheet and spe-cific timetables.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (l) as subsections (d) through (m), respectively; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF LOAN  
GUARANTEES .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) A SSIGN -
MENT OF LOAN GUARANTEES .—’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the modification cost has been covered 
under section 502(f).’’; and 
(5) by amending subsection (l), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) C
HARGES AND LOANSERVICING .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSES .—The Secretary may collect 
and spend from each applicant, obligor, or loan party a reasonable charge for— 
‘‘(A) the cost of evaluating the application, 
amendments, modifications, and waivers, in-cluding for evaluating project viability, ap-plicant creditworthiness, and the appraisal of the value of the equipment or facilities for which the direct loan or loan guarantee is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5302 July 21, 2015 
sought, and for making necessary determina-
tions and findings; 
‘‘(B) the cost of award management and 
project management oversight; 
‘‘(C) the cost of services from expert firms, 
including counsel, and independent financial advisors to assist in the underwriting, audit-ing, servicing, and exercise of rights with re-spect to direct loans and loan guarantees; and 
‘‘(D) the cost of all other expenses incurred 
as a result of a breach of any term or condi-tion or any event of default on a direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary may 
charge different amounts under this sub-section based on the different costs incurred under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
ERVICER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-
point a financial entity to assist the Sec-retary in servicing a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall act as the agent of the Secretary in serving a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall receive a servicing fee from the obligor or other loan party, sub-ject to approval by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S
AFETY AND OPERATIONS ACCOUNT .— 
Amounts collected under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) be credited directly to the Safety and 
Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(B) remain available until expended to 
pay for the costs described in this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 35606. LOAN TERMS AND REPAYMENT. 
(a) P REREQUISITES FOR ASSISTANCE .—Sec-
tion 502(g)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘35 years from the date of its execution’’ and inserting ‘‘the lesser of 35 years after the date of substantial comple-tion of the project or the estimated useful life of the rail equipment or facilities to be acquired, rehabilitated, improved, developed, or established’’. 
(b) R
EPAYMENT SCHEDULES .—Section 502(j) 
(45 U.S.C. 822(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the sixth 
anniversary date of the original loan dis-bursement’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of substantial completion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFERRED PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If at any time after the 
date of substantial completion the project is unable to generate sufficient revenues to pay the scheduled loan repayments of principal and interest on the direct loan, the Sec-retary, subject to subparagraph (B), may allow, for a maximum aggregate time of 1 year over the duration of the direct loan, the obligor to add unpaid principal and interest to the outstanding balance of the direct loan. 
‘‘(B) I
NTEREST .—A payment deferred under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) continue to accrue interest under para-
graph (2) until the loan is fully repaid; and 
‘‘(ii) be scheduled to be amortized over the 
remaining term of the loan. 
‘‘(4) P REPAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF EXCESS REVENUES .—Any excess 
revenues that remain after satisfying sched-uled debt service requirements on the project obligations and direct loan and all deposit requirements under the terms of any trust agreement, bond resolution, or similar agreement securing project obligations may be applied annually to prepay the direct loan without penalty. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PROCEEDS OF REFINANCING .— 
The direct loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty from the proceeds of refi-
nancing from non-Federal funding sources.’’. 
(c) S ALE OF DIRECT LOANS .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) 
and as soon as practicable after substantial completion of a project, the Secretary, after notifying the obligor, may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a direct loan for the project if the Secretary determines that the sale or reoffering has a high probability of being made on favorable terms. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT OF OBLIGOR .—In making a 
sale or reoffering under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not change the original terms and conditions of the secured loan without the prior written consent of the obligor’’. 
(d) N
ONSUBORDINATION .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822), as amended in subsection (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) N
ONSUBORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)(B), a direct loan shall not be subordinated to the claims of any holder of project obligations in the event of bank-ruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation of the obli-gor. 
‘‘(2) P
REEXISTING INDENTURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
waive the requirement under paragraph (1) for a public agency borrower that is financ-ing ongoing capital programs and has out-standing senior bonds under a preexisting in-denture if— 
‘‘(i) the direct loan is rated in the A cat-
egory or higher; 
‘‘(ii) the direct loan is secured and payable 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a taxbased rev-enue pledge or a system-backed pledge of project revenues; and 
‘‘(iii) the program share, under this title, 
of eligible project costs is 50 percent or less. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may im-
pose limitations for the waiver of the non- subordination requirement under this para-graph if the Secretary determines that such limitations would be in the financial interest of the Federal Government.’’. 
SEC. 35607. CREDIT RISK PREMIUMS. 
Section 502(f) (45 U.S.C. 822(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by amending the first 
sentence to read as follows: ‘‘In lieu of or in combination with appropriations of budget authority to cover the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees as required under sec-tion 504(b)(1) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c(b)(1)), including the cost of a modification thereof, the Secretary may accept on behalf of an applicant for as-sistance under this section a commitment from a non-Federal source, including a State or local government or agency or public ben-efit corporation or public authority thereof, to fund in whole or in part credit risk pre-miums and modification costs with respect to the loan that is the subject of the applica-tion or modification.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (E); 
(3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
REDITWORTHINESS .—An applicant may 
propose and the Secretary may accept as a basis for determining the amount of the credit risk premium under paragraph (2) any of the following in addition to the value of 
any tangible asset: 
‘‘(A) The net present value of a future 
stream of State or local subsidy income or other dedicated revenues to secure the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(B) Adequate coverage requirements to 
ensure repayment, on a non-recourse basis, from cash flows generated by the project or any other dedicated revenue source, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) tolls; ‘‘(ii) user fees; or ‘‘(iii) payments owing to the obligor under 
a public-private partnership. 
‘‘(C) An investment-grade rating on the di-
rect loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, except that if the total amount of the direct loan or loan guarantee is greater than $75,000,000, the applicant shall have an in-vestment-grade rating from at least 2 rating agencies on the direct loan or loan guar-antee.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts (and in the case of a modification, before the modification is executed), to the extent ap-propriations are not available to the Sec-retary to meet the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, including costs of modifica-tions thereof’’. 
SEC. 35608. MASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 502 (45 U.S.C. 822), as amended by 
subsections (c) and (d) of section 35606 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to section 502(d) 
and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the Sec-retary may enter into a master credit agree-ment that is contingent on all of the condi-tions for the provision ‘‘of a direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, under this title and other applicable requirements being satisfied prior to the issuance of the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .—Each master credit 
agreement shall— 
‘‘(A) establish the maximum amount and 
general terms and conditions of each appli-cable direct loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(B) identify 1 or more dedicated non-Fed-
eral revenue sources that will secure the re-payment of each applicable direct loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(C) provide for the obligation of funds for 
the direct loans or loan guarantees contin-gent on and after all requirements have been met for the projects subject to the master credit agreement; and 
‘‘(D) provide 1 or more dates, as deter-
mined by the Secretary, before which the master credit agreement results in each of the direct loans or loan guarantees or in the release of the master credit agreement.’’. 
SEC. 35609. PRIORITIES AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) P RIORITY PROJECTS .—Section 502(c) (45 
U.S.C. 822(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing projects for the installation of a positive train control system (as defined in section 20157(i) of title 49, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘public safety’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (2), respectively; 
(3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or chap-
ter 227 of title 49’’ after ‘‘section 135 of title 23’’; 
(4) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (7) through (9), respec-tively; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: 
‘‘(6) improve railroad stations and pas-
senger facilities and increase transit-ori-ented development;’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(h) (45 U.S.C. 822(h)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5303 July 21, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, if appli-
cable’’ after ‘‘project’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For a project described in subsection 
(b)(1)(E), the Secretary shall require the ap-plicant, obligor, or other loan party, in addi-tion to the interest required under sub-section (e), to provide the sponsor of the intercity passenger rail service or its des-ignee, a fee or payment in an amount deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary to pro-vide an equitable share of project revenue to support the capital or operating costs of the routes serving the passenger rail station or multimodal station where the development is located.’’. 
SEC. 35610. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this subtitle, and the amend-ments made by this subtitle, shall not affect any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an outstanding loan guarantee (or loan guar-antee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. Any such transaction entered into before the date of enactment of this Act shall be adminis-tered until completion under its term as if this Act were not enacted. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION COSTS.—At the discretion 
of the Secretary, the authority to accept modification costs on behalf of an applicant under section 502(f) of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)), as amended by section 35607 of this Act, may apply with respect to any direct loan (or direct loan obligation ) or an outstanding loan guarantee (or loan guar-antee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
DIVISION D—FREIGHT AND MAJOR 
PROJECTS 
TITLE XLI—FREIGHT POLICY 
SEC. 41001. ESTABLISHMENT OF FREIGHT CHAP-
TER. 
(a) F REIGHT .—Subtitle III of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 54—FREIGHT 
‘‘5401. Definitions. 
‘‘5402. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘5403. National multimodal freight network. ‘‘5404. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘5405. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘5406. State freight plans. ‘‘5407. Transportation investment planning 
and data tools. 
‘‘5408. Assistance for freight projects. 
‘‘§ 5401. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) E
CONOMIC COMPETITIVENESS .—The term 
‘economic competitiveness’ means the abil-ity of the economy to efficiently move freight and people, produce goods, and de-liver services, including— 
‘‘(A) reductions in the travel time of 
freight; 
‘‘(B) reductions in the congestion caused 
by the movement of freight; 
‘‘(C) improvements to freight travel time 
reliability; and 
‘‘(D) reductions in freight transportation 
costs due to congestion and insufficient in-frastructure. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT .—The term ‘freight’ means 
the commercial transportation of cargo, in-cluding agricultural, manufactured, retail, or other goods by vessel, vehicle, pipeline, or rail. 
‘‘(3) F
REIGHT TRANSPORTATION MODES .—The 
term ‘freight transportation modes’ means— 
‘‘(A) the infrastructure supporting any 
mode of transportation that moves freight, including highways, ports, waterways, rail facilities, and pipelines; and 
‘‘(B) any vehicles or equipment trans-
porting goods on such infrastructure. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘national highway freight 
network’ means the network established under section 167 of title 23. 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘national multimodal 
freight network’ means the network estab-lished under section 5403. 
‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT STRA -
TEGIC PLAN .—The term ‘national multimodal 
freight strategic plan’ means the strategic plan developed under section 5404. 
‘‘(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
‘‘(8) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a 
State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘54. Freight ....................................... 5401’’. 
SEC. 41002. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
POLICY. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as added by section 41001, is amended by adding after section 5401 the fol-lowing: 
‘§ 5402. National multimodal freight policy 
‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United 
States— 
‘‘(1) to support investment to maintain and 
improve the condition and performance of the national multimodal freight network; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that the United States maxi-
mizes its competitiveness in the global econ-omy by increasing the overall productivity and connectivity of the national freight sys-tem; and 
‘‘(3) to pursue the goals described in sub-
section (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The national multimodal 
freight policy has the following goals: 
‘‘(1) To enhance the economic competitive-
ness of the United States by investing in in-frastructure improvements and imple-menting operational improvements on the freight network of the United States that achieve 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Strengthen the contribution of the 
national freight network to the economic competitiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(B) Reduce congestion and relieve bottle-
necks in the freight transportation system. 
‘‘(C) Reduce the cost of freight transpor-
tation. 
‘‘(D) Improve the reliability of freight 
transportation. 
‘‘(E) Increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate jobs. 
‘‘(2) To improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of freight transpor-tation in rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(3) To improve the condition of the na-
tional freight network. 
‘‘(4) To use advanced technology to im-
prove the safety and efficiency of the na-tional freight network. 
‘‘(5) To incorporate concepts of perform-
ance, innovation, competition, and account-ability into the operation and maintenance of the national freight network. 
‘‘(6) To improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of the national freight network. 
‘‘(7) To pursue these goals in a manner that 
is not burdensome to State and local govern-ments. 
‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIES .—The United States may 
achieve the goals described in subsection (b) by— 
‘‘(1) providing funding to maintain and im-
prove freight infrastructure facilities; ‘‘(2) implementing appropriate safety, en-
vironmental, energy and other transpor-tation policies; 
‘‘(3) utilizing advanced technology and in-
novation; 
‘‘(4) promoting workforce development; 
and 
‘‘(5) using performance management ac-
tivities. 
‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Under Sec-
retary for Policy, who shall be responsible for the oversight and implementation of the national multimodal freight policy, shall— 
‘‘(1) assist with the coordination of modal 
freight planning; 
‘‘(2) ensure consistent, expedited review of 
multimodal freight projects; 
‘‘(3) review the project planning and ap-
proval processes at each modal administra-tion to identify modeling and metric incon-sistencies, approvals, and terminology dif-ferences that could hamper multimodal project approval; 
‘‘(4) identify interagency data sharing op-
portunities to promote freight planning and coordination; 
‘‘(5) identify multimodal efforts and con-
nections; 
‘‘(6) designate the lead agency for 
multimodal freight projects; 
‘‘(7) develop recommendations for State in-
centives for multimodal planning efforts, which may include— 
‘‘(A) reducing the State cost share; or ‘‘(B) expediting the review of agreements 
for multimodal or freight specific projects; 
‘‘(8) explore opportunities within existing 
legal authorities to reduce project delays by issuing categorical exclusions or allowing self-certifications of right-of-way acquisi-tions for freight projects; and 
‘‘(9) submit a report to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that identifies re-quired reports, statutory requirements, and other limitations on efficient freight project delivery that could be streamlined or con-solidated.’’. 
SEC. 41003. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
NETWORK. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as amended by section 41002, is amended by adding after section 5402 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5403. National multimodal freight network 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a national freight network, in ac-cordance with this section— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in strategically direct-
ing resources toward improved system per-formance for the efficient movement of freight on transportation networks; 
‘‘(2) to inform freight transportation plan-
ning; 
‘‘(3) to assist in the prioritization of Fed-
eral investment; and 
‘‘(4) to assess and support Federal invest-
ments to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(b) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
multimodal freight network established under this section shall consist of all connec-tors, corridors, and facilities in all freight transportation modes that are the most crit-ical to the current and future movement of freight, including the national highway freight network, to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(c) I
NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.051 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5304 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, after soliciting input from stakeholders, including multimodal freight system users, transport providers, metropolitan planning organizations, local governments, ports, airports, railroads, and States, through a public process to identify critical freight facilities and corridors that are vital to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23, and after providing notice and op-portunity for comment on a draft system, shall designate a primary freight system with the goal of— 
‘‘(A) improving network and intermodal 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(B) using measurable data as part of the 
assessment of the significance of freight movement, including the consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of domestic and international supply chains. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—In designating or redesig-
nating a primary freight system, the Sec-retary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) origins and destinations of freight 
movement within, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(B) volume, value, tonnage, and the stra-
tegic importance of freight; 
‘‘(C) access to border crossings, airports, 
seaports, and pipelines; 
‘‘(D) economic factors, including balance of 
trade; 
‘‘(E) access to major areas for manufac-
turing, agriculture, or natural resources; 
‘‘(F) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, and production areas; 
‘‘(G) intermodal links and intersections 
that promote connectivity; 
‘‘(H) freight choke points and other im-
pediments contributing to significant meas-urable congestion, delay in freight move-ment, or inefficient modal connections; 
‘‘(I) impacts on all freight transportation 
modes and modes that share significant freight infrastructure; 
‘‘(J) elements and transportation corridors 
identified by a multi-State coalition, a State, a State advisory committee, or a met-ropolitan planning organization, using na-tional or local data, as having critical freight importance to the region; 
‘‘(K) intermodal connectors, major dis-
tribution centers, inland intermodal facili-ties, and first- and last-mile facilities; 
‘‘(L) the annual average daily truck traffic 
on principal arterials; and 
‘‘(M) the significance of goods movement, 
including consideration of global and domes-tic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A 
designation may be made under this sub-section if the freight transportation facility or infrastructure being considered— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; 
‘‘(B) has been designated under subsection 
(d) as a critical rural freight corridor; 
‘‘(C) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(i) the primary freight network; or ‘‘(ii) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(D)(i) is located within a corridor of a 
route on the primary freight network; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an alternative option impor-
tant to goods movement; 
‘‘(E) serves a major freight generator, lo-
gistic center, agricultural region, or manu-facturing, warehouse, or industrial land; or 
‘‘(F) is important to the movement of 
freight within a State or metropolitan re-gion, as determined by the State or the met-ropolitan planning organization. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In designating or re-
designating the primary freight system under subsection (e), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) use, to the extent practicable, meas-
urable data to assess the significance of goods movement, including the consider-ation of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains; 
‘‘(B) consider— ‘‘(i) the factors described in subsection 
(c)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) any changes in the economy or freight 
transportation network demand; and 
‘‘(C) provide the States with an oppor-
tunity to submit proposed designations in accordance with paragraph (5). 
‘‘(5) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that pro-
poses increased designations on the primary freight system shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for additional 
designations from metropolitan planning or-ganizations and State freight advisory com-mittees within the State; 
‘‘(ii) consider nominations for the addi-
tional designations from owners and opera-tors of port, rail, pipeline, and airport facili-ties; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that additional designations 
are consistent with the State Transportation Improvement Program or freight plan. 
‘‘(B) R
EVISIONS .—States may revise routes 
certified under section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) to conform with the designated freight system under this section. 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION AND CERTIFICATION .—Each 
State shall submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) a list of the additional designations 
added under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) certification that— ‘‘(I) the State has satisfied the require-
ments under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the designations referred to in clause 
(i) address the factors for redesignation de-scribed in subsection (c)(3). 
‘‘(d) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
A State may designate freight transpor-tation infrastructure or facilities within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road or facil-
ity— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway or 
facility; 
‘‘(2) provides access or service to energy 
exploration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(3) provides access or service to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(4) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(5) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(6) has been determined by the State to be 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(e) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY FREIGHT  
SYSTEM .—Beginning on the date that is 5 
years after the initial designation under sub-section (c), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, using the designation factors de-scribed in subsection (c)(3), shall redesignate the primary freight system.’’. 
TITLE XLII—PLANNING 
SEC. 42001. NATIONAL FREIGHT STRATEGIC 
PLAN. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by title XLI), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5404. National freight strategic plan 
‘‘(a) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT OF NATIONAL  
FREIGHT STRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the 
DRIVE Act, the Secretary, in consultation with State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and other appropriate public and private trans-portation stakeholders, shall develop, after providing opportunity for notice and com-ment on a draft national freight strategic plan, and post on the public website of the Department of Transportation a national freight strategic plan that includes— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the condition and 
performance of the national multimodal freight network; 
‘‘(2) an identification of bottlenecks on the 
national multimodal freight network that create significant freight congestion based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(A) information from the Freight Anal-
ysis Framework of the Federal Highway Ad-ministration; and 
‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, 
an estimate of the cost of addressing each bottleneck and any operational improve-ments that could be implemented; 
‘‘(3) a forecast of freight volumes, based on 
the most recent data available, for— 
‘‘(A) the 5-year period beginning in the 
year during which the plan is issued; and 
‘‘(B) if practicable, for the 10- and 20-year 
period beginning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
‘‘(4) an identification of major trade gate-
ways and national freight corridors that con-nect major economic corridors, population centers, trade gateways, and other major freight generators for current and forecasted traffic and freight volumes, the identifica-tion of which shall be revised, as appro-priate, in subsequent plans; 
‘‘(5) an assessment of statutory, regu-
latory, technological, institutional, finan-cial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation performance (including op-portunities for overcoming the barriers); 
‘‘(6) an identification of routes providing 
access to energy exploration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(7) routes for providing access to major 
areas for manufacturing, agriculture, or nat-ural resources; 
‘‘(8) best practices for improving the per-
formance of the national freight network; 
‘‘(9) best practices to mitigate the impacts 
of freight movement on communities; 
‘‘(10) a process for addressing multistate 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to collaborate on multistate projects; 
‘‘(11) identification of locations or areas 
with congestion involving freight traffic, and strategies to address those issues; 
‘‘(12) strategies to improve freight inter-
modal connectivity; and 
‘‘(13) best practices for improving the per-
formance of the national multimodal freight network and rural and urban access to crit-ical freight corridors. 
‘‘(b) U
PDATES TO NATIONAL FREIGHT STRA-
TEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 5 years after the 
date of completion of the first national multimodal freight strategic plan under sub-section (a) and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update and repost on the public website of the Department of Trans-portation a revised national freight strategic plan.’’. 
SEC. 42002. STATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMIT-
TEES. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42001), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5405. State freight advisory committees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall estab-
lish a freight advisory committee consisting of a representative cross-section of public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5305 July 21, 2015 
and private sector freight stakeholders, in-
cluding representatives of ports, third party logistics providers, shippers, carriers, freight-related associations, the freight in-dustry workforce, the transportation depart-ment of the State, and local governments. 
‘‘(b) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—A freight advi-
sory committee of a State described in sub-section (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) advise the State on freight-related pri-
orities, issues, projects, and funding needs; 
‘‘(2) serve as a forum for discussion for 
State transportation decisions affecting freight mobility; 
‘‘(3) communicate and coordinate regional 
priorities with other organizations; 
‘‘(4) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on freight issues; and 
‘‘(5) participate in the development of the 
freight plan of the State described in section 5406.’’. 
SEC. 42003. STATE FREIGHT PLANS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42002), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5406. State freight plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall develop 
a freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and long-range plan-ning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN CONTENTS .—A freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies, 
strategies, and performance measures that will guide the freight-related transportation investment decisions of the State; 
‘‘(3) when applicable, a listing of critical 
rural and urban freight corridors designated within the State under section 5403 of this title or section 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the plan will im-
prove the ability of the State to meet the na-tional freight goals established under section 5402(b) of this title and section 150(b) of title 23; 
‘‘(5) a description of how innovative tech-
nologies and operational strategies, includ-ing freight intelligent transportation sys-tems, that improve the safety and efficiency of freight movement, were considered; 
‘‘(6) in the case of roadways on which trav-
el by heavy vehicles (including mining, agri-cultural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber vehicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of roadways, a de-scription of improvements that may be re-quired to reduce or impede the deterioration; 
‘‘(7) an inventory of facilities with freight 
mobility issues, such as bottlenecks, within the State, and where the facilities are State owned or operated, a description of the strat-egies the State is employing to address those freight mobility issues; 
‘‘(8) consideration of any significant con-
gestion or delay caused by freight move-ments and any strategies to mitigate that congestion or delay; and 
‘‘(9) a freight investment plan that, subject 
to subsection (c)(2), includes a list of priority projects and describes how funds made avail-able to carry out section 167 of title 23 would be invested and matched. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LONG-RANGE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I NCORPORATION .—A State freight plan 
described in subsection (a) may be developed separately from or incorporated into the statewide strategic long-range transpor-tation plan required by section 135 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—The freight in-
vestment plan component of a freight plan shall include a project, or an identified phase of a project, only if funding for completion of 
the project can reasonably be anticipated to be available for the project within the time period identified in the freight investment plan. 
‘‘(d) P
LANNING PERIOD .—The freight plan 
shall address a 5-year forecast period. 
‘‘(e) U PDATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall update the 
freight plan not less frequently than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT INVESTMENT PLAN .—A State 
may update the freight investment plan more frequently than is required under para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 42004. FREIGHT DATA AND TOOLS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42003), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5407. TRANSPORTATION INVESTMENT DATA 
AND PLANNING TOOLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) begin development of new tools and 
improvement of existing tools to support an outcome-oriented, performance-based ap-proach to evaluate proposed freight-related and other transportation projects, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) methodologies for systematic analysis 
of benefits and costs on a national or re-gional basis; 
‘‘(B) tools for ensuring that the evaluation 
of freight-related and other transportation projects could consider safety, economic competitiveness, urban and rural access, en-vironmental sustainability, and system con-dition in the project selection process; 
‘‘(C) improved methods for data collection 
and trend analysis; 
‘‘(D) encouragement of public-private part-
nerships to carry out data sharing activities while maintaining the confidentiality of all proprietary data; and 
‘‘(E) other tools to assist in effective trans-
portation planning; 
‘‘(2) identify transportation-related model 
data elements to support a broad range of evaluation methods and techniques to assist in making transportation investment deci-sions; and 
‘‘(3) at a minimum, in consultation with 
other relevant Federal agencies, consider any improvements to existing freight flow data collection efforts that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight trans-portation demand. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with Federal, State, and other stake-holders to develop, improve, and implement the tools and collect the data described in subsection (a).’’. 
TITLE XLIII—FORMULA FREIGHT 
PROGRAM 
SEC. 43001. NATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 167 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 167. National highway freight program 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to improve the condition and performance of the national highway freight network to ensure that the national freight network provides the foundation for the United States to compete in the global econ-omy and achieve each goal described in sub-section (b). 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—In support of the 
goals described in subsection (b), the Federal Highway Administrator (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall estab-lish a national highway freight program in accordance with this section to improve the 
efficient movement of freight on the na-tional highway freight network. 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The goals of the national 
highway freight program are— 
‘‘(1) to invest in infrastructure improve-
ments and to implement operational im-provements on the highways of the United States that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the na-
tional highway freight network to the eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and relieve bottle-
necks in the freight transportation system; 
‘‘(C) reduce the cost of freight transpor-
tation; 
‘‘(D) improve the reliability of freight 
transportation; and 
‘‘(E) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of freight transpor-tation in rural and urban areas; 
‘‘(3) to improve the state of good repair of 
the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(4) to use advanced technology to improve 
the safety and efficiency of the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(5) to incorporate concepts of perform-
ance, innovation, competition, and account-ability into the operation and maintenance of the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(6) to improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of the national highway freight net-work; and 
‘‘(7) to reduce the environmental impacts 
of freight movement. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF A NATIONAL HIGH-
WAYFREIGHT NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a national highway freight network in accordance with this section to assist States in strategically directing resources toward improved system performance for ef-ficient movement of freight on highways. 
‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
highway freight network shall consist of— 
‘‘(A) the primary highway freight system, 
as designated under subsection (d); 
‘‘(B) critical rural freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (e); 
‘‘(C) critical urban freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(D) the portions of the Interstate System 
not designated as part of the primary high-way freight system, including designated fu-ture Interstate System routes as of the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATION AND REDESIGNATION OF  
THEPRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGH -
WAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .—The initial designa-
tion of the primary highway freight system shall be— 
‘‘(A) the network designated by the Sec-
retary under section 167(d) of title 23, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act; and 
‘‘(B) all National Highway System freight 
intermodal connectors. 
‘‘(2) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date 
that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and every 5 years thereafter, using the designation factors described in subparagraph (E), the Administrator shall redesignate the primary highway freight sys-tem (including any additional mileage added to the primary highway freight system under this paragraph as of the date on which the redesignation process is effective). 
‘‘(B) M
ILEAGE .— 
‘‘(i) F IRST REDESIGNATION .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system on the date that is 1 year after the date of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5306 July 21, 2015 
enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Adminis-
trator shall limit the system to 30,000 center-line miles, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REDESIGNATIONS .—Each 
redesignation after the redesignation de-scribed in clause (i), the Administrator may increase the primary highway freight system by up to 5 percent of the total mileage of the system, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In redesignating the pri-
mary highway freight system, to the max-imum extent practicable, the Administrator shall use measurable data to assess the sig-nificance of goods movement, including con-sideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(ii) I
NTERMODAL CONNECTORS .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall include all National Highway System freight intermodal connec-tors. 
‘‘(D) I
NPUT .—In addition to the process pro-
vided to State freight advisory committees under paragraph (3), in redesignating the pri-mary highway freight system, the Adminis-trator shall provide an opportunity for State freight advisory committees to submit addi-tional miles for consideration. 
‘‘(E) F
ACTORS FOR REDESIGNATION .—In re-
designating the primary highway freight sys-tem, the Administrator shall consider— 
‘‘(i) the origins and destinations of freight 
movement in, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(ii) land and water ports of entry; ‘‘(iii) access to energy exploration, devel-
opment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(iv) proximity of access to other freight 
intermodal facilities, including rail, air, water, and pipelines; 
‘‘(v) the total freight tonnage and value 
moved via highways; 
‘‘(vi) significant freight bottlenecks, as 
identified by the Administrator; 
‘‘(vii) the annual average daily truck traf-
fic on principal arterials; and 
‘‘(viii) the significance of goods movement 
on principal arterials, including consider-ation of global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY FOR ADDITIONAL  
MILES ON PRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYS -
TEM.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after each redesignation conducted by the Administrator under paragraph (2), each State, under the advisement of the State freight advisory committee, as developed and carried out in accordance with sub-section (l), may increase the number of miles designated as part of the primary highway freight system in that State by not more than 10 percent of the miles designated in that State under this subsection if the addi-tional miles— 
‘‘(i) close gaps between primary highway 
freight system segments; 
‘‘(ii) establish connections of the primary 
highway freight system critical to the effi-cient movement of goods, including ports, international border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, logistics centers, ware-houses, and agricultural facilities; or 
‘‘(iii) designate critical emerging freight 
routes. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Each State, under 
the advisement of the State freight advisory committee that increases the number of miles on the primary highway freight system under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for the addi-
tional miles from metropolitan planning or-ganizations within the State; ‘‘(ii) ensure that the additional miles are 
consistent with the freight plan of the State; and 
‘‘(iii) review the primary highway freight 
system of the State designated under para-graph (1) and redesignate miles in a manner that is consistent with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION .—Each State, under the 
advisement of the State freight advisory committee shall— 
‘‘(i) submit to the Administrator a list of 
the additional miles added under this sub-section; and 
‘‘(ii) certify that— ‘‘(I) the additional miles meet the require-
ments of subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the State, under the advisement of 
the State freight advisory committee, has satisfied the requirements of subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(e) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
A State may designate a public road within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway 
and has a minimum of 25 percent of the an-nual average daily traffic of the road meas-ured in passenger vehicle equivalent units from trucks (Federal Highway Administra-tion vehicle class 8 to 13); 
‘‘(2) provides access to energy exploration, 
development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(3) connects the primary highway freight 
system, a roadway described in paragraph (1) or (2), or the Interstate System to facilities that handle more than— 
‘‘(A) 50,000 20-foot equivalent units per 
year; or 
‘‘(B) 500,000 tons per year of bulk commod-
ities; 
‘‘(4) provides access to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(5) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(6) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(7) is, in the determination of the State, 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(f) C
RITICAL URBAN FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) U RBANIZED AREA WITH POPULATION OF  
500,000 OR MORE .—In an urbanized area with a 
population of 500,000 or more individuals, the representative metropolitan planning orga-nization, in consultation with the State, may designate a public road within the bor-ders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
‘‘(2) U
RBANIZED AREA WITH A POPULATION  
LESS THAN 500 ,000.—In an urbanized area with 
a population of less than 500,000 individuals, the State, in consultation with the rep-resentative metropolitan planning organiza-tion, may designate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A 
designation may be made under paragraphs (1) or (2) if the public road— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; and 
‘‘(B)(i) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(I) the primary highway freight network; ‘‘(II) the Interstate System; or ‘‘(III) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(ii) is located within a corridor of a route 
on the primary highway freight network and provides an alternative highway option im-portant to goods movement; ‘‘(iii) serves a major freight generator, lo-
gistic center, or manufacturing and ware-house industrial land; or 
‘‘(iv) is important to the movement of 
freight within the region, as determined by the metropolitan planning organization or the State. 
‘‘(g) D
ESIGNATION AND CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—States and metropoli-
tan planning organizations may designate corridors under subsections (e) and (f) and submit the designated corridors to the Ad-ministrator on a rolling basis. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Each State or metro-
politan planning organization that des-ignates a corridor under subsection (e) or (f) shall certify to the Administrator that the designated corridor meets the requirements of the applicable subsection. 
‘‘(h) H
IGHWAY FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
CONDITIONS AND PERFORMANCE REPORTS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of the DRIVE Act and biennially thereafter, the Administrator shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the conditions and performance of the national highway freight network in the United States. 
‘‘(i) U
SE OF APPORTIONED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall obligate 
funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) to improve the movement of freight on the national highway freight network. 
‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—The Administrator shall 
calculate for each State the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total mileage in the State des-
ignated as part of the primary highway freight system; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total mileage of the primary high-
way freight system in all States. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATES WITH HIGH PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion 
of a State under paragraph (2) is greater than or equal to 3 percent, the State may ob-ligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on— 
‘‘(i) the primary highway freight system; ‘‘(ii) critical rural freight corridors; and ‘‘(iii) critical urban freight corridors. ‘‘(B) S
TATES WITH LOW PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion 
of a State under paragraph (2) is less than 3 percent, the State may obligate funds appor-tioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on any component of the national highway freight network. 
‘‘(4) F
REIGHT PLANNING .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, effective begin-ning 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, a State may not obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) unless the State has— 
‘‘(A) established a freight advisory com-
mittee in accordance with section 5405 of title 49; and 
‘‘(B) developed a freight plan in accordance 
with section 5406 of title 49, except that the multimodal component of the plan may be incomplete before an obligation may be made under this section. 
‘‘(5) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this subsection, for a project to be eligible for funding under this section the project shall— 
‘‘(i) contribute to the efficient movement 
of freight on the national highway freight network; and 
‘‘(ii) be consistent with a freight invest-
ment plan included in a freight plan of the State that is in effect. 
‘‘(B) O
THER PROJECTS .—A State may obli-
gate not more than 10 percent of the total apportionment of the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5307 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(i) within the boundaries of public and 
private freight rail, water facilities (includ-ing ports), and intermodal facilities; and 
‘‘(ii) that provide surface transportation 
infrastructure necessary to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of the facility. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds appor-
tioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for the national highway freight program may be obligated to carry out 1 or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Development phase activities, includ-
ing planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, prelimi-nary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities. 
‘‘(ii) Construction, reconstruction, reha-
bilitation, acquisition of real property (in-cluding land relating to the project and im-provements to land), construction contin-gencies, acquisition of equipment, and oper-ational improvements directly relating to improving system performance. 
‘‘(iii) Intelligent transportation systems 
and other technology to improve the flow of freight, including intelligent freight trans-portation systems. 
‘‘(iv) Efforts to reduce the environmental 
impacts of freight movement. 
‘‘(v) Environmental and community miti-
gation of freight movement. 
‘‘(vi) Railway-highway grade separation. ‘‘(vii) Geometric improvements to inter-
changes and ramps. 
‘‘(viii) Truck-only lanes. ‘‘(ix) Climbing and runaway truck lanes. ‘‘(x) Adding or widening of shoulders. ‘‘(xi) Truck parking facilities eligible for 
funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note; Public Law 112–141). 
‘‘(xii) Real-time traffic, truck parking, 
roadway condition, and multimodal trans-portation information systems. 
‘‘(xiii) Electronic screening and 
credentialing systems for vehicles, including weigh-in-motion truck inspection tech-nologies. 
‘‘(xiv) Traffic signal optimization, includ-
ing synchronized and adaptive signals. 
‘‘(xv) Work zone management and informa-
tion systems. 
‘‘(xvi) Highway ramp metering. ‘‘(xvii) Electronic cargo and border secu-
rity technologies that improve truck freight movement. 
‘‘(xviii) Intelligent transportation systems 
that would increase truck freight efficiencies inside the boundaries of intermodal facili-ties. 
‘‘(xix) Additional road capacity to address 
highway freight bottlenecks. 
‘‘(xx) A highway project, other than a 
project described in clauses (i) through (xix), to improve the flow of freight on the na-tional highway freight network. 
‘‘(xxi) Any other surface transportation 
project to improve the flow of freight into and out of a facility described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(6) O
THER ELIGIBLE COSTS .—In addition to 
the eligible projects identified in paragraph (5), a State may use funds apportioned under section 104(b)(5) for— 
‘‘(A) carrying out diesel retrofit or alter-
native fuel projects under section 149 for class 8 vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) the necessary costs of— ‘‘(i) conducting analyses and data collec-
tion related to the national highway freight program; 
‘‘(ii) developing and updating performance 
targets to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(iii) reporting to the Administrator to 
comply with section 150. 
‘‘(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sections 
134 and 135. 
‘‘(j) S TATE PERFORMANCE TARGETS .—If the 
Administrator determines that a State has not met or made significant progress toward meeting the performance targets related to freight movement of the State established under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets, until the date on which the Administrator determines that the State has met or has made significant progress towards meeting the performance targets, the State shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, on a biennial basis, a freight 
performance improvement plan that in-cludes— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues within the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies 
and strategies that will guide the freight-re-lated transportation investments of the State; 
‘‘(3) an inventory of freight bottlenecks 
within the State and a description of the ways in which the State is allocating the na-tional highway freight program funds to im-prove those bottlenecks; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the actions the State 
will undertake to meet the performance tar-gets of the State. 
‘‘(k) S
TUDY OF MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of the DRIVE Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report that contains— 
‘‘(1) a study of freight projects identified in 
State freight plans under section 5406 of title 49; and 
‘‘(2) an evaluation of multimodal freight 
projects included in the State freight plans, or otherwise identified by States, that are subject to the limitation of funding for such projects under this section. 
‘‘(l) S
TATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.—A State freight advisory committee 
shall be carried out as described in section 5405 of title 49. 
‘‘(m) S
TATE FREIGHT PLANS .—A State 
freight plan shall be carried out as described in section 5406 of title 49. 
‘‘(n) I
NTELLIGENT FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF INTELLIGENT FREIGHT  
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM .—In this section, 
the term ‘intelligent freight transportation system’ means— 
‘‘(A) an innovative or intelligent techno-
logical transportation system, infrastruc-ture, or facilities, including electronic roads, driverless trucks, elevated freight transpor-tation facilities, and other intelligent freight transportation systems; and 
‘‘(B) a communications or information 
processing system used singly or in combina-tion for dedicated intelligent freight lanes and conveyances that improve the efficiency, security, or safety of freight on the Federal- aid highway system or that operate to con-vey freight or improve existing freight move-ments. 
‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—An intelligent freight 
transportation system shall be located— 
‘‘(A)(i) along existing Federal-aid high-
ways; or 
‘‘(ii) in a manner that connects ports-of- 
entry to existing Federal-aid highways; and 
‘‘(B) in proximity to, or within, an existing 
right-of-way on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(3) O PERATING STANDARDS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion shall determine the need for estab-lishing operating standards for intelligent freight transportation systems. 
‘‘(o) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this sec-tion shall be treated as if the project were on 
a Federal-aid highway.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The analysis for chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘167. National highway freight program.’’ 
(2) Sections 1116, 1117, and 1118 of MAP–21 
(23 U.S.C. 167 note; Public Law 112–141) are repealed. 
SEC. 43002. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Nothing in this division or the amend-
ments made by this division provides addi-tional authority to regulate or direct private activity on freight networks designated by the amendments made by this division. 
TITLE XLIV—GRANTS 
SEC. 44001. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS; ADMINIS-
TRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of the grants 
described in the amendments made by sec-tion 44002 is to assist in funding critical high-cost transportation infrastructure projects that— 
(1) are difficult to complete with existing 
Federal, State, local, and private funds; and 
(2) will achieve 1 or more of— (A) generation of national or regional eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States; 
(B) reduction of congestion and the im-
pacts of congestion; 
(C) improvement of facilities vital to agri-
culture, manufacturing, or national energy security; 
(D) improvement of the efficiency, reli-
ability, and affordability of the movement of freight; 
(E) improvement of transportation safety; (F) improvement of existing and des-
ignated future Interstate System routes; or 
(G) improvement of the movement of peo-
ple through improving rural connectivity and metropolitan accessibility. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and for 
purposes of the grant programs established under the amendments made by section 44002: 
(1) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘‘eligi-
ble applicant’’ means— 
(A) a State (or a group of States); (B) a local government (or a group of local 
governments); 
(C) a tribal government (or a consortium of 
tribal governments); 
(D) a transit agency (or a group of transit 
agencies); 
(E) a special purpose district or a public 
authority with a transportation function; 
(F) a port authority (or a group of port au-
thorities); 
(G) a political subdivision of a State or 
local government; 
(H) a Federal land management agency, 
jointly with the applicable State; or 
(I) a multistate or multijurisdictional 
group of entities described in subparagraphs (A) through (H). 
(2) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘‘rural area’’ 
means an area that is outside of an urban-ized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bu-reau of the Census. 
(3) R
URAL STATE .—The term ‘‘rural State’’ 
means a State that has a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile, based on the most recent decennial census. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible applicant shall 
submit to the Secretary or the Federal High-way Administrator (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Administrator’’), as appropriate, an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary or Admin-istrator, as appropriate, determines nec-essary, including the total amount of the grant requested. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5308 July 21, 2015 
(2) C ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under this paragraph shall include data on the most recent system performance, to the extent practicable, and estimated system improvements that will result from comple-tion of the eligible project, including projec-tions for improvements 5 and 10 years after completion of the project. 
(3) R
ESUBMISSION OF APPLICATIONS .—An eli-
gible applicant whose project is not selected may resubmit an application in a subsequent solicitation with an addendum indicating changes to the project application. 
(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator shall establish accountability measures for the manage-ment of the grants described in this sec-tion— 
(1) to establish clear procedures for ad-
dressing late-arriving applications; 
(2) to publicly communicate decisions to 
accept or reject applications; and 
(3) to document major decisions in the ap-
plication evaluation and project selection process through a decision memorandum or similar mechanism that provides a clear ra-tionale for decisions. 
(e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants, the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall take measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(1) an equitable geographic distribution of 
amounts; and 
(2) an appropriate balance in addressing 
the needs of rural and urban communities. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator, as appropriate, shall make available on the website of the Department at the end of each fiscal year an annual re-port that lists each project for which a grant has been provided under this section during that fiscal year. 
(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall conduct an as-sessment of the administrative establish-ment, solicitation, selection, and justifica-tion process with respect to the funding of grants described in this title. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the initial awarding of grants described in this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report that describes— 
(i) the adequacy and fairness of the process 
by which each project was selected, if appli-cable; 
(ii) the justification and criteria used for 
the selection of each project, if applicable. 
SEC. 44002. GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 171. Assistance for major projects program 
‘‘(a) P
URPOSE OF PROGRAM .—The purpose of 
the assistance for major projects program shall be the purpose described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the terms defined in section 44001 of 
the DRIVE Act shall apply; and 
‘‘(2) the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-
trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible 
project’ means a surface transportation project, or a program of integrated surface transportation projects closely related in the function the projects perform, that— ‘‘(I) is a capital project that is eligible for 
Federal financial assistance under— 
‘‘(aa) this title; or ‘‘(bb) chapter 53 of title 49; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in clause (ii), has 
eligible project costs that are reasonably an-ticipated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) $350,000,000; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) for a project located in a single 
State, 25 percent of the amount of Federal- aid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; 
‘‘(BB) for a project located in a single rural 
State with a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile based on the most recent decennial census, 10 percent of the amount of Federal-aid highway funds ap-portioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(CC) for a project located in more than 1 
State, 75 percent of the amount of Federal- aid highway funds apportioned to the par-ticipating State that has the largest appor-tionment for the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND TRANSPORTATION FACIL -
ITY.—In the case of a Federal land transpor-
tation facility, the term ‘eligible project’ means a Federal land transportation facility that has eligible project costs that are rea-sonably anticipated to equal or exceed $150,000,000. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS .—The term 
‘eligible project costs’ means the costs of— 
‘‘(i) development phase activities, includ-
ing planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, prelimi-nary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(ii) construction, reconstruction, reha-
bilitation, and acquisition of real property (including land related to the project and improvements to land), environmental miti-gation, construction contingencies, acquisi-tion of equipment directly related to improv-ing system performance, and operational im-provements. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad-
ministrator shall establish a program in ac-cordance with this section to provide grants for projects that will have a significant im-pact on a region or the Nation. 
‘‘(d) S
OLICITATIONS AND APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT SOLICITATIONS .—The Adminis-
trator shall conduct a transparent and com-petitive national solicitation process to re-view eligible projects for funding under this section. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible applicant 
shall submit an application to the Adminis-trator in such form as described in and in ac-cordance with section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(e) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION  
ANDSELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
select a project for funding under this sec-tion only if the Administrator determines that the project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the national goals 
described in section 150(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the per-
formance of the national surface transpor-tation network, nationally or regionally; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary 
engineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range 
statewide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project to achieve 1 or more of— 
‘‘(i) generation of national economic bene-
fits that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) reduction of long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a national, regional, and statewide basis; ‘‘(iii) an increase in the speed, reliability, 
and accessibility of the movement of people or freight; or 
‘‘(iv) improvement of transportation safe-
ty, including reducing transportation acci-dent and serious injuries and fatalities; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to con-struct, maintain, and operate the infrastruc-ture facility. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In eval-
uating a project under this section, in addi-tion to the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consider the ex-tent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by en-
couraging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public- private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the 
date that is not later than 18 months after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project deliv-
ery and financing to the maximum extent practicable; 
‘‘(D) helps maintain or protect the environ-
ment; 
‘‘(E) improves roadways vital to national 
energy security; 
‘‘(F) improves or upgrades designated fu-
ture Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(G) uses innovative technologies, includ-
ing intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
‘‘(H) helps to improve mobility and acces-
sibility; and 
‘‘(I) address the impact of population 
growth on the movement of people and freight. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In award-
ing grants under this section, the Adminis-trator shall take measures as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(g) F
UNDING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except in the case of 
projects described in paragraph (2), the amount of a grant under this section shall be at least $50,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
URAL PROJECTS .—The amounts made 
available for a fiscal year under this section for eligible projects located in rural areas or in rural States shall not be— 
‘‘(A) less than 20 percent of the amount 
made available for the fiscal year under this section; and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION OF FUNDS .—Not more than 
20 percent of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section shall be allocated for projects eligible under section 167(i)(5)(B) or chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE CAP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 20 per-
cent of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section may be award-ed to projects in a single State. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR MULTISTATE  
PROJECTS .—For purposes of the limitation 
described in subparagraph (A), funds awarded for a multistate project shall be considered to be distributed evenly to each State. 
‘‘(5) TIFIA 
PROGRAM .—On the request of an 
eligible applicant under this section, the Ad-ministrator may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with re-spect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
‘‘(h) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The programming and expenditure 
of funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sec-tions 134 and 135. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF APPLICABLE MODAL  
REQUIREMENTS .—If an eligible project that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5309 July 21, 2015 
receives a grant under this section has a 
crossmodal component, the Administrator— 
‘‘(A) shall determine the predominant 
modal component of the project; and 
‘‘(B) may apply the applicable require-
ments of that predominant modal component to the project. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT TO THE ADMINISTRATOR .—For 
each project funded under this section, the project sponsor shall evaluate system per-formance and submit to the Administrator a report not later than 5, 10, and 20 years after completion of the project to assess whether the project outcomes have met preconstruction projections. 
‘‘(j) A
DMINISTRATIVE SELECTION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall award grants to eligible projects in a fiscal year based on the criteria described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(k) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
provide an annual report as described in sec-tion 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .—The Comp-
troller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment as described in sec-tion 44001 of the DRIVE Act.’’. 
(b) A
SSISTANCE FOR FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 42004, is amended by adding after section 5407 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5408. Assistance for freight projects 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish and implement an assistance for freight projects grant program for capital in-vestments in major freight transportation infrastructure projects to improve the move-ment of goods through the transportation network of the United States. 
‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION  
ANDSELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may se-
lect a project for funding under this section only if the Secretary determines that the project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the goals described 
in section 5402(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the na-
tional or regional performance of the freight transportation network; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary 
engineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range 
statewide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project— 
‘‘(i) to generate national economic benefits 
that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) to reduce long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a regional and statewide basis; or 
‘‘(iii) to increase the speed, reliability, and 
accessibility of the movement of freight; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to con-struct, maintain, and operate the infrastruc-ture facility. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In eval-
uating a project under this section, in addi-tion to the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by en-
couraging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public- private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the 
date that is not later than 1 year after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project deliv-
ery and financing to the maximum extent practicable; ‘‘(D) improves freight facilities vital to ag-
ricultural or national energy security; 
‘‘(E) improves or upgrades current or des-
ignated future Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(F) uses innovative technologies, includ-
ing intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
‘‘(G) helps to improve mobility and acces-
sibility; and 
‘‘(H) improves transportation safety, in-
cluding reducing transportation accident and serious injuries and fatalities. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A project is eligible for a 
grant under this section if the project— 
‘‘(A) is difficult to complete with existing 
Federal, State, local, and private funds; 
‘‘(B)(i) enhances the economic competitive-
ness of the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) improves the flow of freight or re-
duces bottlenecks in the freight infrastruc-ture of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) will advance 1 or more of the fol-
lowing objectives: 
‘‘(i) Generate regional or national eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(ii) Improve transportation resources 
vital to agriculture or national energy secu-rity. 
‘‘(iii) Improve the efficiency, reliability, 
and affordability of the movement of freight. 
‘‘(iv) Improve existing freight infrastruc-
ture projects. 
‘‘(v) Improve the movement of people by 
improving rural and metropolitan freight routes. 
‘‘(2) E
XAMPLES .—Eligible projects for grant 
funding under this section shall include— 
‘‘(A) a freight intermodal facility, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) an intermodal facility serving a sea-
port; 
‘‘(ii) an intermodal or cargo access facility 
serving an airport; 
‘‘(iii) an intermodal facility serving a port 
on the inland waterways; 
‘‘(iv) a bulk intermodal/transload facility; 
or 
‘‘(v) a highway/rail intermodal facility; ‘‘(B) a highway or bridge project eligible 
under title 23; 
‘‘(C) a public transportation project that 
reduces congestion on freight corridors and is eligible under chapter 53; 
‘‘(D) a freight rail transportation project 
(including rail-grade separations); and 
‘‘(E) a port infrastructure investment (in-
cluding inland port infrastructure). 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting projects 
to receive grant funding under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) consider— ‘‘(i) projected freight volumes; and ‘‘(ii) how projects will enhance economic 
efficiency, productivity, and competitive-ness; 
‘‘(iii) population growth and the impact on 
freight demand; and 
‘‘(B) give priority to projects dedicated 
to— 
‘‘(i) improving freight infrastructure facili-
ties; 
‘‘(ii) reducing travel time for freight 
projects; 
‘‘(iii) reducing freight transportation costs; 
and 
‘‘(iv) reducing congestion caused by rapid 
population growth on freight corridors. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTIMODAL DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
In distributing funding for grants under this section, the Secretary shall take such meas-ures as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure the investment in a variety of transportation modes. 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B)(i), a grant under this sec-tion shall be in an amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and not greater than $100,000,000. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECTS IN RURAL AREAS .—If a grant 
awarded under this section is for a project located in a rural area— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the grant shall be at 
least $1,000,000; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary may increase the Fed-
eral share of costs to greater than 80 percent. 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Except as provided 
under paragraph (3)(B)(ii), the Federal share of the costs for a project receiving a grant under this section shall be up to 80 percent. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give 
priority to projects that require a contribu-tion of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing package. 
‘‘(6) R
URAL AREAS .—Not less than 25 per-
cent of the funding provided under this sec-tion shall be used to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
‘‘(7) N
EW COMPETITION .—The Secretary 
shall conduct a new competition each fiscal year to select the grants and credit assist-ance awarded under this section. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with the Secretary of Energy when considering projects that facilitate the movement of energy resources. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated from the general fund of the Treasury, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND OVERSIGHT  
COSTS .—The Secretary may retain up to 0.5 
percent of the amounts appropriated pursu-ant to paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) to administer the assistance for 
freight projects grant program; and 
‘‘(B) to oversee eligible projects funded 
under this section. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts 
appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall be available for obligation until ex-pended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 72 hours before public notification of a grant awarded under this section, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such award. 
‘‘(h) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary shall provide to Congress documenta-tion of major decisions in the application evaluation and project selection process, which shall include a clear rationale for de-cisions— 
‘‘(1) to advance for senior review applica-
tions other than those rated as highly rec-ommended; 
‘‘(2) to not advance applications rated as 
highly recommended; and 
‘‘(3) to change the technical evaluation 
rating of an application.’’ 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The anal-
ysis for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘171. Assistance for major projects pro-
gram.’’. 
DIVISION E—FINANCE 
SEC. 50001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-
portation Funding Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.052 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5310 July 21, 2015 
TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
SEC. 51101. EXTENSION OF TRUST FUND EXPEND-
ITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amend-ed by division G, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2021’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ each place it appears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Paragraph (2) of section 
9508(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Au-gust 1, 2015. 
SEC. 51102. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY-RELATED 
TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) Each of the following provisions of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(a)(1)(C)(iii)(I). (B) Section 4041(m)(1)(B). (C) Section 4081(d)(1). (2) Each of the following provisions of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(m)(1)(A). (B) Section 4051(c). (C) Section 4071(d). (D) Section 4081(d)(3). 
(b) E
XTENSION OF TAX, ETC., ONUSE OF CER-
TAIN HEAVY VEHICLES .—Each of the following 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2024’’: 
(1) Section 4481(f). (2) Subsections (c)(4) and (d) of section 4482. 
(c) F
LOOR STOCKS REFUNDS .—Section 
6412(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2017’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2024’’, and 
(3) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and in-
serting ‘‘January 1, 2024’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) Section 4221(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(2) Section 4483(i) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF TRANSFERS OF CERTAIN  
TAXES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 9503 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place 
it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(ii) by striking ‘‘O
CTOBER 1 , 2016’’ in the 
heading of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘O C-
TOBER 1 , 2023’’, 
(iii) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ in 
paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘September 30, 
2023’’, and (iv) by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017’’ in paragraph 
(2) and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’, and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘July 1, 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’. 
(2) M OTORBOAT AND SMALL -ENGINE FUEL TAX  
TRANSFERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3)(A)(i) and 
(4)(A) of section 9503(c) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO LAND AND  
WATER CONSERVATION FUND .—Section 200310 
of title 54, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’, 
and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and in-
serting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
SEC. 51201. FURTHER ADDITIONAL TRANSFERS 
TO TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (f) of Section 9503 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) F
URTHER TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND .— 
Out of money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) $36,541,000,000 to the Highway Account 
(as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund; and 
‘‘(B) $10,679,470,000 to the Mass Transit Ac-
count in the Highway Trust Fund.’’. 
SEC. 51202. TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
OF CERTAIN MOTOR VEHICLE SAFE-TY PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
9503(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘There are hereby’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are hereby’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(B) P ENALTIES RELATED TO MOTOR VEHICLE  
SAFETY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—There are hereby appro-
priated to the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to covered motor vehicle safety penalty collections. 
‘‘(ii) C
OVERED MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY PEN -
ALTY COLLECTIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
paragraph, the term ‘covered motor vehicle safety penalty collections’ means any amount collected in connection with a civil penalty under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, reduced by any award author-ized by the Secretary of Transportation to be paid to any person in connection with infor-mation provided by such person related to a violation of chapter 301 of such title which is a predicate to such civil penalty.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to amounts collected after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE LII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
SEC. 52101. CONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING BE-
TWEEN ESTATE AND PERSON AC-QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
(a) P ROPERTY ACQUIRED FROM A DECE-
DENT .—Section 1014 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) B
ASIS MUSTBECONSISTENT WITHES-
TATE TAX.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The basis under sub-
section (a) of any applicable property shall not exceed— 
‘‘(A) in the case of applicable property the 
final value of which has been determined for purposes of the tax imposed by chapter 11 on 
the estate of such decedent, such value, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of applicable property not 
described in subparagraph (A) and with re-spect to which a statement has been fur-nished under section 6035(a) identifying the value of such property, such value. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PROPERTY .—For purposes 
of paragraph (1), the term ‘applicable prop-erty’ means any property the inclusion of which in the decedent’s estate increased the liability for the tax imposed by chapter 11 on such estate. Such term shall not include any property of an estate if the liability for such tax does not exceed the credits allowable against such tax. 
‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), the basis of property has been de-termined for purposes of the tax imposed by chapter 11 if— 
‘‘(A) the value of such property is shown on 
a return under section 6018 and such value is not contested by the Secretary before the ex-piration of the time for assessing a tax under chapter 11, 
‘‘(B) in a case not described in subpara-
graph (A), the value is specified by the Sec-retary and such value is not timely con-tested by the executor of the estate, or 
‘‘(C) the value is determined by a court or 
pursuant to a settlement agreement with the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may by 
regulations provide exceptions to the appli-cation of this subsection.’’. 
(b) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subpart A of part III of 
subchapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 6034A the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 6035. BASIS INFORMATION TO PERSONS AC-
QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
‘‘(a) I NFORMATION WITHRESPECT TO PROP-
ERTY ACQUIRED FROMDECEDENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The executor of any es-
tate required to file a return under section 6018(a) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each person acquiring any interest in prop-erty included in the decedent’s gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes a statement identifying the value of each interest in such property as reported on such return and such other information with respect to such inter-est as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(2) S
TATEMENTS BY BENEFICIARIES .—Each 
person required to file a return under section 6018(b) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each other person who holds a legal or bene-ficial interest in the property to which such return relates a statement identifying the information described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) T
IME FOR FURNISHING STATEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each statement re-
quired to be furnished under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be furnished at such time as the Secretary may prescribe, but in no case at a time later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the date which is 30 days after the date 
on which the return under section 6018 was required to be filed (including extensions, if any), or 
‘‘(ii) the date which is 30 days after the 
date such return is filed. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—In any case in which 
there is an adjustment to the information re-quired to be included on a statement filed under paragraph (1) or (2) after such state-ment has been filed, a supplemental state-ment under such paragraph shall be filed not later than the date which is 30 days after such adjustment is made. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as necessary to carry out this section, including regulations relating to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5311 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(1) the application of this section to prop-
erty with regard to which no estate tax re-turn is required to be filed, and 
‘‘(2) situations in which the surviving joint 
tenant or other recipient may have better in-formation than the executor regarding the basis or fair market value of the property.’’. 
(2) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE .— 
(A) R ETURN .—Section 6724(d)(1) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (C) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) any statement required to be filed 
with the Secretary under section 6035.’’. 
(B) S
TATEMENT .—Section 6724(d)(2) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and insert-ing ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(II) section 6035 (other than a statement 
described in paragraph (1)(D)).’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart A of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6034A the following new item: 
‘‘SEC. 6035. BASIS INFORMATION TO PERSONS AC-
QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT.’’. 
(c) P ENALTY FOR INCONSISTENT REPORT -
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
6662 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) Any inconsistent estate basis.’’. (2) I
NCONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING .—Sec-
tion 6662 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
NCONSISTENT ESTATE BASIS REPORT -
ING.—For purposes of this section, there is an 
‘inconsistent estate basis’ if the basis of property claimed on a return exceeds the basis as determined under section 1014(f).’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to property with respect to which an estate tax return is filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 52102. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 
75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue that any individual has a seri-ously delinquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000, the Secretary shall trans-mit such certification to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, rev-ocation, or limitation of a passport pursuant to section 52102(d) of the Transportation Funding Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘seri-ously delinquent tax debt’ means an out-standing debt under this title for which a no-tice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, ex-cept that such term does not include— 
‘‘(1) a debt that is being paid in a timely 
manner pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(2) a debt with respect to which collection 
is suspended because a collection due process hearing under section 6330, or relief under subsection (b), (c), or (f) of section 6015, is re-quested or pending. ‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the 
case of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dollar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subpara-graph (B) thereof. 
If any amount as adjusted under the pre-
ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport 
in case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 
6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
TO DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF  
PASSPORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, 
upon receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return information with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with 
respect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delin-
quent tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return 
information disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the requirements of section 52102(d) of the Transportation Funding Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(4) of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ each place it appears in subparagraph (F)(ii) and in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certifi-cation described in section 7345 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in such subparagraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with respect to a certification by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue under section 
7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(e) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECU-
RITY ACCOUNT NUMBER .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that either— 
(i) does not include the social security ac-
count number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social 
security number willfully, intentionally, negligently, or recklessly provided by such individual, 
the Secretary of State is authorized to deny 
such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, 
and amendments made by, this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 52103. CLARIFICATION OF 6-YEAR STATUTE 
OF LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVER-STATEMENT OF BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 6501(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income; and’’, 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’, and 
(3) by inserting ‘‘
AMOUNT OMITTED FROM ’’ 
after ‘‘D ETERMINATION OF ’’ in the heading 
thereof. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to— 
(1) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, and 
(2) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments) for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
SEC. 52104. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON RE-
TURNS RELATING TO MORTGAGE IN-TEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
6050H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by redesignating subpara-graph (D) as subparagraph (G), and by insert-ing after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) the unpaid balance with respect to 
such mortgage at the close of the calendar year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5312 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(E) the address of the property securing 
such mortgage, 
‘‘(F) the date of the origination of such 
mortgage, and’’. 
(b) P AYEE STATEMENTS .—Subsection (d) of 
section 6050H of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) the information required to be in-
cluded on the return under subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F) of subsection (b)(2).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns and statements the due date for which (de-termined without regard to extensions) is after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 52105. RETURN DUE DATE MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N EWDUEDATE FOR PARTNERSHIP FORM 
1065, S C ORPORATION FORM 1120S, ANDC COR-
PORATION FORM1120.— 
(1) P ARTNERSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 6072 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
ETURNS OF PARTNERSHIPS .—Returns 
of partnerships under section 6031 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such re-turns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
6072(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘6017, or 6031’’ and inserting ‘‘or 6017’’. 
(2) S 
CORPORATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—So much of subsection (b) 
of section 6072 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as precedes the second sentence there-of is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
ETURNS OF CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .— 
Returns of S corporations under sections 6012 and 6037 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 31st day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such returns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the last day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(i) Section 1362(b) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(I) by striking ‘‘15th’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘last’’, 
(II) by striking ‘‘21⁄2’’ each place it appears 
in the headings and the text and inserting ‘‘3’’, and 
(III) by striking ‘‘2 months and 15 days’’ in 
paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘3 months’’. 
(ii) Section 1362(d)(1)(C)(i) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘15th’’ and inserting ‘‘last’’. 
(iii) Section 1362(d)(1)(C)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘such 15th day’’ and in-serting ‘‘the last day of the 3d month there-of’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO C  
CORPORATIONS .— 
(A) Section 170(a)(2)(B) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(B) Section 563 of such Code is amended by 
striking ‘‘third month’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(C) Section 1354(d)(1)(B)(i) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘3d month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4th month’’. 
(D) Subsection (a) and (c) of section 6167 of 
such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(E) Section 6425(a)(1) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘4th month’’. (F) Section 6655 of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘3rd month’’ each place it 
appears in subsections (b)(2)(A), (g)(3), and (h)(1) and inserting ‘‘4th month’’, and 
(ii) in subsection (g)(4), by redesignating 
subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) Subsection (b)(2)(A) shall be applied 
by substituting ‘the last day of the 3rd month’ for ‘the 15th day of the 4th month’.’’. 
(4) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
S CORPORATIONS .—The amendments made by 
paragraph (2)(B) shall apply with respect to elections for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
C CORPORATIONS .—The amendments made by 
paragraph (3) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN C CORPORA -
TION IN 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year of 
a C Corporation ending on June 30, 2025, sec-tion 6072(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘third month’’ for ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF DUEDATES BY REGU-
LATION .—In the case of returns for any tax-
able period beginning after December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate shall modify appro-priate regulations to provide as follows: 
(1) The maximum extension for the returns 
of partnerships filing Form 1065 shall be a 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(2) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts and estates filing Form 1041 shall be a 5
1⁄2-month period beginning on the due date 
for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(3) The maximum extension for the returns 
of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 shall be an automatic 3
1⁄2-month period be-
ginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(4) The maximum extension for the Forms 
990 (series) returns of organizations exempt from income tax shall be an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(5) The maximum extension for the returns 
of organizations exempt from income tax that are required to file Form 4720 returns of excise taxes shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any exten-sions). 
(6) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts required to file Form 5227 shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(7) The maximum extension for filing Form 
6069, Return of Excise Tax on Excess Con-tributions to Black Lung Benefit Trust Under Section 4953 and Computation of Sec-tion 192 Deduction, shall be an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(8) The maximum extension for a taxpayer 
required to file Form 8870 shall be an auto-matic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(9) The due date of Form 3520–A, Annual In-
formation Return of a Foreign Trust with a United States Owner, shall be the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the trust’s taxable year, and the maximum extension 
shall be a 6-month period beginning on such day. 
(10) The due date of FinCEN Form 114 (re-
lating to Report of Foreign Bank and Finan-cial Accounts) shall be April 15 with a max-imum extension for a 6-month period ending on October 15, and with provision for an ex-tension under rules similar to the rules of 26 C.F.R. 1.6081–5. For any taxpayer required to file such form for the first time, the Sec-retary of the Treasury may waive any pen-alty for failure to timely request or file an extension. 
(11) Taxpayers filing Form 3520, Annual Re-
turn to Report Transactions with Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts, shall be allowed to extend the time for filing such form separately from the income tax re-turn of the taxpayer, for an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(c) C
ORPORATIONS PERMITTED STATUTORY  
AUTOMATIC 6-MONTH EXTENSION OF INCOME  
TAXRETURNS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6081(b) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘6 months’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015. 
(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN C CORPORA -
TIONS IN 2024 .—In the case of any taxable year 
of a C corporation ending on December 31, 2024, subsections (a) and (b) of section 6081 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall each be applied to returns of income taxes under subtitle A by substituting ‘‘5 months’’ for ‘‘6 months’’. 
SEC. 52106. REFORM OF RULES RELATING TO 
QUALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO COLLECT CERTAIN INAC-
TIVE TAXRECEIVABLES UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OLLECTION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIV -
ABLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall enter into one or more qualified tax collec-tion contracts for the collection of all out-standing inactive tax receivables. 
‘‘(2) I
NACTIVE TAX RECEIVABLES .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘inactive tax 
receivable’ means any tax receivable if— 
‘‘(i) at any time after assessment, the In-
ternal Revenue Service removes such receiv-able from the active inventory for lack of re-sources or inability to locate the taxpayer, 
‘‘(ii) more than 
1⁄3of the period of the ap-
plicable statute of limitation has lapsed and such receivable has not been assigned for col-lection to any employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service, or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a receivable which has 
been assigned for collection, more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the taxpayer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection of such receivable. 
‘‘(B) T
AX RECEIVABLE .—The term ‘tax re-
ceivable’ means any outstanding assessment which the Internal Revenue Service includes in potentially collectible inventory.’’. 
(b) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGI-
BLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5313 July 21, 2015 
by subsection (a), is amended by redesig-
nating subsections (d) through (g) as sub-sections (e) through (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGI-
BLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTIONS CONTRACTS .—A tax receivable 
shall not be eligible for collection pursuant to a qualified tax collection contract if such receivable— 
‘‘(1) is subject to a pending or active offer- 
in-compromise or installment agreement, 
‘‘(2) is classified as an innocent spouse 
case, 
‘‘(3) involves a taxpayer identified by the 
Secretary as being— 
‘‘(A) deceased, ‘‘(B) under the age of 18, ‘‘(C) in a designated combat zone, or ‘‘(D) a victim of tax-related identity theft, ‘‘(4) is currently under examination, litiga-
tion, criminal investigation, or levy, or 
‘‘(5) is currently subject to a proper exer-
cise of a right of appeal under this title.’’. 
(c) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—Section 6306 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this sec-tion, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—In con-
tracting for the services of any person under this section, the Secretary shall utilize pri-vate collection contractors and debt collec-tion centers on the schedule required under section 3711(g) of title 31, United States Code, including the technology and commu-nications infrastructure established therein, to the extent such private collection con-tractors and debt collection centers are ap-propriate to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION .— 
Section 6103(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) Q
UALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CONTRAC -
TORS .—Persons providing services pursuant 
to a qualified tax collection contract under section 6306 may, if speaking to a person who has identified himself or herself as having the name of the taxpayer to which a tax re-ceivable (within the meaning of such sec-tion) relates, identify themselves as contrac-tors of the Internal Revenue Service and dis-close the business name of the contractor, and the nature, subject, and reason for the contact. Disclosures under this paragraph shall be made only in such situations and under such conditions as have been approved by the Secretary.’’. 
(e) T
AXPAYERS AFFECTED BY FEDERALLY  
DECLARED DISASTERS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after sub-section (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) T
AXPAYERS IN PRESIDENTIALLY DE-
CLARED DISASTER AREAS .—The Secretary 
may prescribe procedures under which a tax-payer determined to be affected by a Feder-ally declared disaster (as defined by section 165(i)(5)) may request— 
‘‘(1) relief from immediate collection meas-
ures by contractors under this section, and 
‘‘(2) a return of the inactive tax receivable 
to the inventory of the Internal Revenue Service to be collected by an employee thereof.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6306 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after sub-section (i) the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the last day of each fiscal year (beginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of the enactment of this subsection), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report with re-spect to qualified tax collection contracts under this section which shall include— 
‘‘(1) annually, with respect to such fiscal 
year— 
‘‘(A) the total number and amount of tax 
receivables provided to each contractor for collection under this section, 
‘‘(B) the total amounts collected (and 
amounts of installment agreements entered into under subsection (b)(1)(B)) with respect to each contractor and the collection costs incurred (directly and indirectly) by the In-ternal Revenue Service with respect to such amounts, 
‘‘(C) the impact of such contracts on the 
total number and amount of unpaid assess-ments, and on the number and amount of as-sessments collected by Internal Revenue Service personnel after initial contact by a contractor, 
‘‘(D) the amount of fees retained by the 
Secretary under subsection (e) and a descrip-tion of the use of such funds, and 
‘‘(E) a disclosure safeguard report in a 
form similar to that required under section 6103(p)(5), and 
‘‘(2) biannually (beginning with the second 
report submitted under this subsection)— 
‘‘(A) an independent evaluation of con-
tractor performance, and 
‘‘(B) a measurement plan that includes a 
comparison of the best practices used by the private collectors to the collection tech-niques used by the Internal Revenue Service and mechanisms to identify and capture in-formation on successful collection tech-niques used by the contractors that could be adopted by the Internal Revenue Service.’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH RESPECT TO QUALIFIED TAX COL -
LECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 881 of the 
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to tax re-ceivables identified by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall begin entering into contracts and agreements as described in the amendment made by subsection (c) within 3 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURES .—The amendment made by 
subsection (d) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
amendments made by subsections (e) and (f) shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 52107. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 
6306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as redesignated by section 52106, is amended by 
striking ‘‘for collection enforcement activi-ties of the Internal Revenue Service’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘to fund the spe-cial compliance personnel program account under section 6307’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PRO-
GRAM ACCOUNT .—Subchapter A of chapter 64 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6307. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A SPECIAL COMPLI -
ANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The Secretary shall establish an account within 
the Department for carrying out a program consisting of the hiring, training, and em-ployment of special compliance personnel, and shall transfer to such account from time to time amounts retained by the Secretary under section 6306(e)(2). 
‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The program described 
in subsection (a) shall be subject to the fol-lowing restrictions: 
‘‘(1) No funds shall be transferred to such 
account except as described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) No other funds from any other source 
shall be expended for special compliance per-sonnel employed under such program, and no 
funds from such account shall be expended for the hiring of any personnel other than special compliance personnel. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding any other authority, 
the Secretary is prohibited from spending funds out of such account for any purpose other than for costs under such program as-sociated with the employment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of current noncollections per-sonnel as special compliance personnel, and to reimburse the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of ad-ministering qualified tax collection con-tracts under section 6306. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than March of 
each year, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Finance and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Appropriations of the House of Representatives consisting of the following: 
‘‘(1) For the preceding fiscal year, all funds 
received in the account established under subsection (a), administrative and program costs for the program described in such sub-section, the number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the pro-gram, and the amount of revenue actually collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(2) For the current fiscal year, all actual 
and estimated funds received or to be re-ceived in the account, all actual and esti-mated administrative and program costs, the number of all actual and estimated special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the actual and esti-mated revenue actually collected or to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(3) For the following fiscal year, an esti-
mate of all funds to be received in the ac-count, all estimated administrative and pro-gram costs, the estimated number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the estimated rev-enue to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) S PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL .—The 
term ‘special compliance personnel’ means individuals employed by the Internal Rev-enue Service as field function collection offi-cers or in a similar position, or employed to collect taxes using the automated collection system or an equivalent replacement system. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM COSTS .—The term ‘program 
costs’ means— 
‘‘(A) total salaries (including locality pay 
and bonuses), benefits, and employment taxes for special compliance personnel em-ployed or trained under the program de-scribed in subsection (a), and 
‘‘(B) direct overhead costs, salaries, bene-
fits, and employment taxes relating to sup-port staff, rental payments, office equipment and furniture, travel, data processing serv-ices, vehicle costs, utilities, telecommuni-cations, postage, printing and reproduction, supplies and materials, lands and structures, insurance claims, and indemnities for special compliance personnel hired and employed under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5314 July 21, 2015 
For purposes of subparagraph (B), the cost of 
management and supervision of special com-pliance personnel shall be taken into ac-count as direct overhead costs to the extent such costs, when included in total program costs under this paragraph, do not represent more than 10 percent of such total costs.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subchapter A of chapter 64 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6306 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6307. Special compliance personnel 
program account.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts collected and retained by the Sec-retary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 52108. TRANSFERS OF EXCESS PENSION AS-
SETS TO RETIREE HEALTH AC-COUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 420(b)(4) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING ERISA A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) Sections 101(e)(3), 403(c)(1), and 
408(b)(13) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021(e)(3), 1103(c)(1), 1108(b)(13)) are each amended by striking ‘‘MAP-21’’ and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
(2) Section 408(b)(13) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 
1108(b)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2026’’. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
SEC. 52201. EXTENSION OF DEPOSITS OF SECU-
RITY SERVICE FEES IN THE GEN-ERAL FUND. 
Section 44940(i)(4) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(K) $1,750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2024 and 2025.’’. 
SEC. 52202. ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION OF 
FEES FOR CERTAIN CUSTOMS SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031 of the Con-
solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES FOR INFLATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall adjust the fees established under subsection (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), on October 1, 2015, and annually thereafter, to reflect the percentage (if any) of the increase in the av-erage of the Consumer Price Index for the preceding 12-month period compared to the Consumer Price Index for fiscal year 2014. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CALCULATION OF AD -
JUSTMENT .—In adjusting under paragraph (1) 
the amount of the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall round the amount of any in-
crease in the Consumer Price Index to the nearest dollar; and 
‘‘(B) may ignore any such increase of less 
than 1 percent. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘Con-sumer Price Index’ means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
(b) D
EPOSITS INTOCUSTOMS USERFEEAC-
COUNT .—Section 13031(f) of the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘all fees collected under subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount of fees collected under 
subsection (a) (determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l))’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fees collected’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘amount of fees collected’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘), each appropriation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, and determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l)), each appropriation’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is fur-ther amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(subject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘following fees’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting ‘‘(sub-
ject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or (l)’’ after 
‘‘subsection (a)(9)(B)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘$3’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘and subject to adjustment under subsection (l)’’ after ‘‘Tariff Act of 1930’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting 
‘‘(subject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’. 
SEC. 52203. DIVIDENDS AND SURPLUS FUNDS OF 
RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve 
Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent (1.5 percent in the case of a stockholder hav-ing total consolidated assets of more than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year))’’. 
SEC. 52204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall drawdown and sell from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve— 
(A) 4,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2018; 
(B) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2019; 
(C) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2020; 
(D) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2021; 
(E) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2022; 
(F) 16,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2023; 
(G) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2024; and 
(H) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2025. 
(2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-
eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. 
(b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—In any 1 fis-
cal year described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown and 
sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would result in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that contains an inventory of petro-leum products representing fewer than 90 days of emergency reserves, based on the av-erage daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the calendar year preceding that fiscal year. 
SEC. 52205. EXTENSION OF ENTERPRISE GUAR-
ANTEE FEE. 
Section 1327(f) of the Housing and Commu-
nity Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4547(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2025’’. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
SEC. 52301. RECISION OF FUNDS FROM HARDEST 
HIT FUND PROGRAM. 
Effective on the date of enactment of this 
Act, all unobligated amounts made available under the Hardest Hit Fund program of the Secretary of the Treasury under title I of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5211 et seq.) are rescinded. 
SEC. 52302. INTEREST ON OVERPAYMENT. 
Section 111 of the Federal Oil and Gas Roy-
alty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1721) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (h) and (i); (2) by redesignating subsections (j) through 
(l) as subsections (h) through (j), respec-tively; and 
(3) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), 
by striking the fourth sentence. 
SEC. 52303. REVISIONS TO PROVISIONS LIMITING 
PAYMENT OF BENEFITS TO FUGI-TIVE FELONS UNDER TITLES II, VIII, AND XVI OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT. 
(a) T ITLE II A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) F UGITIVE FELON WARRANT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 202(x)(1)(A)(iv) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402(x)(1)(A)(iv)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fleeing to avoid’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the subject of an arrest warrant for the purpose of’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the place from which the 
person flees’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘the jurisdiction issuing the war-rant’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘the place from which the 
person flees’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘the jurisdiction’’; and 
(D) by inserting ‘‘, and a Federal, State, or 
local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest, extradition, or prosecu-tion of the individual’’ after ‘‘ the actual sentence imposed’’. 
(2) P
ROBATION AND PAROLE VIOLATOR WAR -
RANT REQUIREMENT .—Section 202(x)(1)(A)(v) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402(x)(1)(A)(v)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(v) is the subject of an arrest warrant for 
violating a condition of probation or parole imposed under Federal or State law, and a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest or extradition of the individual or the revoca-tion of the individual’s probation or parole.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE VIII A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) F UGITIVE FELON WARRANT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 804(a)(2) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1004(a)(2)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fleeing to avoid’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the subject of an arrest warrant for the purpose of’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the jurisdiction within the 
United States from which the person has fled’’ and inserting ‘‘any jurisdiction within the United States’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5315 July 21, 2015 
(C) by striking ‘‘place from which the per-
son has fled’’ and inserting ‘‘jurisdiction issuing the warrant’’; and 
(D) by inserting ‘‘, and a Federal, State, or 
local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest, extradition, or prosecu-tion of the individual’’ after ‘‘ the actual sentence imposed’’. 
(2) P
ROBATION AND PAROLE WARRANT RE -
QUIREMENT .—Section 804(a)(3) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1004(a)(3)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) during any part of which the indi-
vidual is the subject of an arrest warrant for violating a condition of probation or parole imposed under Federal or State law, and a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest or extradition of the individual or the revoca-tion of the individual’s probation or parole; or’’. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURE .—Section 804 of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1004) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) Notwithstanding the provisions of sec-
tion 552a of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of Federal or State law (other than section 6103 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and section 1106(c) of this Act), the Commissioner shall furnish any Federal, State, or local law enforcement offi-cer, upon written request of the officer, with the current address, Social Security number, and photograph (if applicable) of any indi-vidual who is a recipient of (or would be such a recipient but for the application of para-graph (2) or (3) of subsection (a)) benefits under this title, if the officer furnishes the Commissioner with the name of the indi-vidual and other identifying information as reasonably required by the Commissioner to establish the unique identity of the indi-vidual, and notifies the Commissioner that— 
‘‘(1) the individual is described in para-
graph (2) or (3) of subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) the location or apprehension of such 
individual is within the officer’s official du-ties.’’. 
(c) T
ITLE XVI A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) F UGITIVE FELON WARRANT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 1611(e)(4)(A)(i) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1382(e)(4)(A)(i)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fleeing to avoid’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the subject of an arrest warrant for the purpose of’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the place from which the 
person flees’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘the jurisdiction issuing the war-rant’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘the place from which the 
person flees’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘the jurisdiction’’; and 
(D) by inserting ‘‘, and a Federal, State, or 
local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest, extradition, or prosecu-tion of the person’’ after ‘‘ the actual sen-tence imposed’’. 
(2) P
ROBATION AND PAROLE WARRANT RE -
QUIREMENT .—Section 1611(e)(4)(A)(ii) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(4)(A)(ii)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(ii) the subject of an arrest warrant for 
violating a condition of probation or parole imposed under Federal or State law, and a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency has notified the Commissioner that such agency intends to pursue the arrest or extradition of the person or the revocation of the person’s probation or parole.’’. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURE .—Section 1611(e)(5) of such 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(5)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘any recipient of’’ and in-
serting ‘‘any individual who is a recipient of (or would be such a recipient but for the ap-
plication of paragraph (4)(A)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the recipient’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘the individual’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall be effective with respect to benefits payable under the Social Security Act for months that begin after 270 days following the date of the enactment of this section. 
DIVISION F—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE LXI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 61001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY CERPO .—The term ‘‘agency 
CERPO’’ means the chief environmental re-view and permitting officer of an agency, as designated by the head of the agency under section 61002(b)(2)(A)(iii)(I). 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION .—The term ‘‘authoriza-
tion’’ means any license, permit, approval, finding, determination, or other administra-tive decision issued by an agency that is re-quired or authorized under Federal law in order to site, construct, reconstruct, or com-mence operations of a covered project, whether administered by a Federal or State agency. 
(4) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘co-
operating agency’’ means any agency with— 
(A) jurisdiction under Federal law; or (B) special expertise as described in section 
1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means 
the Federal Infrastructure Permitting Im-provement Steering Council established under section 61002(a). 
(6) C
OVERED PROJECT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered 
project’’ means any activity in the United States that requires authorization or envi-ronmental review by a Federal agency in-volving construction of infrastructure for re-newable or conventional energy production, electricity transmission, surface transpor-tation, aviation, ports and waterways, water resource projects, broadband, pipelines, man-ufacturing, or any other sector as deter-mined by a majority vote of the Council that— 
(i)(I) is subject to NEPA; (II) is likely to require a total investment 
of more than $200,000,000; and 
(III) does not qualify for abbreviated au-
thorization or environmental review proc-esses under any applicable law; or 
(ii) is subject to NEPA and the size and 
complexity of which, in the opinion of the Council, make the project likely to benefit from enhanced oversight and coordination, including a project likely to require— 
(I) authorization from or environmental re-
view involving more than 2 Federal agencies; or 
(II) the preparation of an environmental 
impact statement under NEPA. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered 
project’’ does not include— 
(i) any project subject to section 139 of 
title 23, United States Code; or 
(ii) any project subject to section 2045 of 
the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
(7) D
ASHBOARD .—The term ‘‘Dashboard’’ 
means the Permitting Dashboard required under section 61003(b). 
(8) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘‘environmental assessment’’ means a con-cise public document for which a Federal agency is responsible under section 1508.9 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). (9) E
NVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ means an environmental assess-ment, finding of no significant impact, no-tice of intent, environmental impact state-ment, or record of decision. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ includes— 
(i) any document that is a supplement to a 
document described in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) a document prepared pursuant to a 
court order. 
(10) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘environmental impact state-ment’’ means the detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of NEPA. 
(11) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The term 
‘‘environmental review’’ means the agency procedures and processes for applying a cat-egorical exclusion or for preparing an envi-ronmental assessment, an environmental im-pact statement, or other document required under NEPA. 
(12) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Ex-
ecutive Director’’ means the Executive Di-rector appointed by the President under sec-tion 61002(b)(1)(A). 
(13) F
ACILITATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘fa-
cilitating agency’’ means the agency that re-ceives the initial notification from the project sponsor required under section 61003(a). 
(14) I
NVENTORY .—The term ‘‘inventory’’ 
means the inventory of covered projects es-tablished by the Executive Director under section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(15) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agen-
cy’’ means the agency with principal respon-sibility for an environmental review of a covered project under NEPA and parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations). 
(16) NEPA.—The term ‘‘NEPA’’ means the 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(17) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘participating agency’’ means an agency participating in an environmental review or authorization for a covered project in ac-cordance with section 61003. 
(18) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project 
sponsor’’ means an entity, including any pri-vate, public, or public-private entity, seek-ing an authorization for a covered project. 
SEC. 61002. FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVE-
MENT COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the Federal Permitting Improvement Steer-ing Council. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .— 
(1) C HAIR.—The Executive Director shall— 
(A) be appointed by the President; and (B) serve as Chair of the Council. (2) C
OUNCIL MEMBERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) D ESIGNATION BY HEAD OF AGENCY .—Each 
individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate a member of the agency in which the individual serves to serve on the Council. 
(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A councilmember de-
scribed in clause (i) shall hold a position in the agency of deputy secretary (or the equiv-alent) or higher. 
(iii) S
UPPORT .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with guidance 
provided by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, each individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate 1 or more appropriate members of the agency in which the individual serves to serve as an agency CERPO. 
(II) R
EPORTING .—In carrying out the duties 
of the agency CERPO under this title, an agency CERPO shall report directly to a dep-uty secretary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(B) H
EADS OF AGENCIES .—The individuals 
that shall each designate a councilmember under this subparagraph are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.053 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5316 July 21, 2015 
(i) The Secretary of Agriculture. 
(ii) The Secretary of the Army. (iii) The Secretary of Commerce. (iv) The Secretary of the Interior. (v) The Secretary of Energy. (vi) The Secretary of Transportation. (vii) The Secretary of Defense. (viii) The Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency. 
(ix) The Chairman of the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission. 
(x) The Chairman of the Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission. 
(xi) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (xii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development. 
(xiii) The Chairman of the Advisory Coun-
cil on Historic Preservation. 
(xiv) Any other head of a Federal agency 
that the Executive Director may invite to participate as a member of the Council. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—In addition to 
the members listed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the Chairman of the Council on Environ-mental Quality and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall also be members of the Council. 
(c) D
UTIES .— 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
(A) I NVENTORY DEVELOPMENT .—The Execu-
tive Director, in consultation with the Coun-cil, shall— 
(i) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, establish an inven-tory of covered projects that are pending the environmental review or authorization of the head of any Federal agency; 
(ii)(I) categorize the projects in the inven-
tory as appropriate, based on sector and project type; and 
(II) for each category, identify the types of 
environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly involved; and 
(iii) add a covered project to the inventory 
after receiving a notice described in section 61003(a)(1). 
(B) F
ACILITATING AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
The Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) designate a facilitating agency for each 
category of covered projects described in subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
(ii) publish the list of designated facili-
tating agencies for each category of projects 
in the inventory on the Dashboard in an eas-ily accessible format. 
(C) P
ERFORMANCE SCHEDULES .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Execu-tive Director, in consultation with the Coun-cil, shall develop recommended performance schedules, including intermediate and final completion dates, for environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly required for each category of covered projects de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The performance sched-
ules shall reflect employment of the use of the most efficient applicable processes. 
(II) L
IMIT.— 
(aa) I N GENERAL .—The final completion 
dates in any performance schedule for the completion of an environmental review or authorization under clause (i) shall not ex-ceed the average time to complete an envi-ronmental review or authorization for a project within that category. 
(bb) C
ALCULATION OF AVERAGE TIME .—The 
average time referred to in item (aa) shall be calculated on the basis of data from the pre-ceding 2 calendar years and shall run from the period beginning on the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under section 61003(b)(2) (except that, for projects initiated before that duty takes effect, the period beginning on the date of filing of a completed application), and ending on the 
date of the issuance of a record of decision or other final agency action on the review or authorization. 
(cc) C
OMPLETION DATE .—Each performance 
schedule shall specify that any decision by an agency on an environmental review or au-thorization must be issued not later than 180 days after the date on which all information needed to complete the review or authoriza-tion (including any hearing that an agency holds on the matter) is in the possession of the agency. 
(iii) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—Not later than 
2 years after the date on which the perform-ance schedules are established under this subparagraph, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall review and revise the performance schedules. 
(D) G
UIDANCE .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with the Council, may rec-ommend to the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget or to the Council on En-vironmental Quality, as appropriate, that guidance be issued as necessary for agen-cies— 
(i) to carry out responsibilities under this 
title; and 
(ii) to effectuate the adoption by agencies 
of the best practices and recommendations of the Council described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OUNCIL .— 
(A) R ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Council shall make 
recommendations to the Executive Director with respect to the designations under para-graph (1)(B) and the performance schedules under paragraph (1)(C). 
(ii) U
PDATE .—The Council may update the 
recommendations described in clause (i). 
(B) B EST PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Council shall issue recommendations on the best practices for— 
(i) enhancing early stakeholder engage-
ment, including fully considering and, as ap-propriate, incorporating recommendations provided in public comments on any pro-posed covered project; 
(ii) ensuring timely decisions regarding en-
vironmental reviews and authorizations, in-cluding through the development of perform-ance metrics; 
(iii) improving coordination between Fed-
eral and non-Federal governmental entities, including through the development of com-mon data standards and terminology across agencies; 
(iv) increasing transparency; (v) reducing information collection re-
quirements and other administrative bur-dens on agencies, project sponsors, and other interested parties; 
(vi) developing and making available to ap-
plicants appropriate geographic information systems and other tools; 
(vii) creating and distributing training ma-
terials useful to Federal, State, tribal, and local permitting officials; and 
(viii) addressing other aspects of infra-
structure permitting, as determined by the Council. 
(3) A
GENCY CERPOS .—An agency CERPO 
shall— 
(A) advise the respective agency 
councilmember on matters related to envi-ronmental reviews and authorizations; 
(B) provide technical support, when re-
quested to facilitate efficient and timely processes for environmental reviews and au-thorizations for covered projects under the jurisdictional responsibility of the agency, including supporting timely identification and resolution of potential disputes within the agency or between the agency and other 
Federal agencies; 
(C) analyze agency environmental review 
and authorization processes, policies, and au-thorities and make recommendations to the respective agency councilmember for ways to standardize, simplify, and improve the ef-ficiency of the processes, policies, and au-thorities, including by implementing guid-ance issued under paragraph (1)(D) and other best practices, including the use of informa-tion technology and geographic information system tools within the agency and across agencies, to the extent consistent with exist-ing law; and 
(D) review and develop training programs 
for agency staff that support and conduct en-vironmental reviews or authorizations. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .—The Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate a Federal agency, other than an agency that carries out or provides sup-port for projects that are not covered projects, to provide administrative support for the Executive Director, and the des-ignated agency shall, as reasonably nec-essary, provide support and staff to enable the Executive Director to fulfill the duties of the Executive Director under this title. 
SEC. 61003. PERMITTING PROCESS IMPROVE-
MENT. 
(a) P ROJECT INITIATION AND DESIGNATION OF  
PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) N OTICE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A project sponsor of a 
covered project shall submit to the Execu-tive Director and the facilitating agency no-tice of the initiation of a proposed covered project. 
(B) D
EFAULT DESIGNATION .—If, at the time 
of submission of the notice under subpara-graph (A), the Executive Director has not designated a facilitating agency under sec-tion 61002(c)(1)(B) for the categories of projects noticed, the agency that receives the notice under subparagraph (A) shall be designated as the facilitating agency. 
(C) C
ONTENTS .—Each notice described in 
subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a statement of the purposes and objec-
tives of the proposed project; 
(ii) a concise description, including the 
general location of the proposed project and a summary of geospatial information, if available, illustrating the project area and the locations, if any, of environmental, cul-tural, and historic resources; 
(iii) a statement regarding the technical 
and financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the proposed project; 
(iv) a statement of any Federal financing, 
environmental reviews, and authorizations anticipated to be required to complete the proposed project; and 
(v) an assessment that the proposed project 
meets the definition of a covered project under section 61001 and a statement of rea-sons supporting the assessment. 
(2) I
NVITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the facilitating agency or lead agency, as applicable, shall— 
(i) identify all Federal and non-Federal 
agencies and governmental entities likely to have financing, environmental review, au-thorization, or other responsibilities with re-spect to the proposed project; and 
(ii) invite all Federal agencies identified 
under clause (i) to become a participating agency or a cooperating agency, as appro-priate, in the environmental review and au-thorization management process described in section 61005. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5317 July 21, 2015 
(B) D EADLINES .—Each invitation made 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a dead-line for a response to be submitted to the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable. 
(3) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency invited under 
paragraph (2) shall be designated as a par-ticipating or cooperating agency for a cov-ered project, unless the agency informs the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in writing before the deadline under paragraph (2)(B) that the agency— 
(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the proposed project; or 
(ii) does not intend to exercise authority 
related to, or submit comments on, the pro-posed project. 
(B) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—On request 
and a showing of changed circumstances, the Executive Director may designate an agency that has opted out under subparagraph (A)(ii) to be a participating or cooperating agency, as appropriate. 
(4) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The designa-
tion described in paragraph (3) shall not— 
(A) give the participating agency authority 
or jurisdiction over the covered project; or 
(B) expand any jurisdiction or authority a 
cooperating agency may have over the pro-posed project. 
(5) L
EAD AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On establishment of the 
lead agency, the lead agency shall assume the responsibilities of the facilitating agency under this title. 
(B) R
EDESIGNATION OF FACILITATING AGEN -
CY.—If the lead agency assumes the respon-
sibilities of the facilitating agency under subparagraph (A), the facilitating agency may be designated as a cooperative or par-ticipating agency. 
(6) C
HANGE OF FACILITATING OR LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a par-
ticipating agency or project sponsor, the Ex-ecutive Director may designate a different agency as the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, for a covered project, if the facili-tating or lead agency or the Executive Direc-tor receives new information regarding the scope or nature of a covered project that in-dicates that the project should be placed in a different category under section 61002(c)(1)(B). 
(B) R
ESOLUTION OF DISPUTE .—The Execu-
tive Director shall resolve any dispute over designation of a facilitating or lead agency for a particular covered project. 
(b) P
ERMITTING DASHBOARD .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, 
in coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall maintain an online database to be known as the ‘‘Permitting Dashboard’’ to track the status of Federal environmental reviews and authorizations for any covered project in the inventory de-scribed in section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(B) S
PECIFIC AND SEARCHABLE ENTRY .—The 
Dashboard shall include a specific and searchable entry for each covered project. 
(2) A
DDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) E XISTING PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 
days after the date on which the Executive Director adds a project to the inventory under section 61002(c)(1)(A), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(ii) N
EW PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor receives a notice under subsection (a)(1), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project, unless the Executive Director, facili-tating agency, or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered 
project. 
(B) E
XPLANATION .—If the facilitating agen-
cy or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project, the project sponsor may submit a further expla-nation as to why the project is a covered project not later than 14 days after the date of the determination under subparagraph (A). 
(C) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 
14 days after receiving an explanation de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Executive Director shall— 
(i) make a final and conclusive determina-
tion as to whether the project is a covered project; and 
(ii) if the Executive Director determines 
that the project is a covered project, create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(3) P
OSTINGS BY AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For each covered project 
added to the Dashboard under paragraph (2), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, and each cooperating and participating agen-cy shall post to the Dashboard— 
(i) a hyperlink that directs to a website 
that contains, to the extent consistent with applicable law— 
(I) the notification submitted under sub-
section (a)(1); 
(II)(aa) where practicable, the application 
and supporting documents, if applicable, that have been submitted by a project spon-sor for any required environmental review or authorization; or 
(bb) a notice explaining how the public 
may obtain access to such documents; 
(III) a description of any Federal agency 
action taken or decision made that materi-ally affects the status of a covered project; 
(IV) any significant document that sup-
ports the action or decision described in sub-clause (III); and 
(V) a description of the status of any liti-
gation to which the agency is a party that is directly related to the project, including, if practicable, any judicial document made available on an electronic docket maintained by a Federal, State, or local court; and 
(ii) any document described in clause (i) 
that is not available by hyperlink on another website. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—The information described 
in subparagraph (A) shall be posted to the website made available by hyperlink on the Dashboard not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Federal agency receives the information. 
(4) P
OSTINGS BY THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The Executive Director shall publish to the Dashboard— 
(A) the permitting timetable established 
under subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (c)(2); 
(B) the status of the compliance of each 
agency with the permitting timetable; 
(C) any modifications of the permitting 
timetable; 
(D) an explanation of each modification de-
scribed in subparagraph (C); and 
(E) any memorandum of understanding es-
tablished under subsection (c)(3)(B). 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND TIMETABLES .— 
(1) C OORDINATED PROJECT PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in consultation with each coordi-nating and participating agency, shall estab-lish a concise plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and completion of, any required Federal environmental re-view and authorization for the project. (B) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The Coordi-
nated Project Plan shall include the fol-lowing information and be updated by the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, at least once per quarter: 
(i) A list of, and roles and responsibilities 
for, all entities with environmental review or authorization responsibility for the project. 
(ii) A permitting timetable, as described in 
paragraph (2), setting forth a comprehensive schedule of dates by which all environmental reviews and authorizations, and to the max-imum extent practicable, State permits, re-views and approvals must be made. 
(iii) A discussion of potential avoidance, 
minimization, and mitigation strategies, if required by applicable law and known. 
(iv) Plans and a schedule for public and 
tribal outreach and coordination, to the ex-tent required by applicable law. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
coordinated project plan described in sub-paragraph (A) may be incorporated into a memorandum of understanding. 
(2) P
ERMITTING TIMETABLE .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—As part of the coordina-
tion project plan under paragraph (1), the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in consultation with each cooperating and par-ticipating agency, the project sponsor, and any State in which the project is located, shall establish a permitting timetable that includes intermediate and final completion dates for action by each participating agency on any Federal environmental review or au-thorization required for the project. 
(ii) C
ONSENSUS .—In establishing a permit-
ting timetable under clause (i), each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, make efforts to reach a consensus. 
(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing the permitting timetable under sub-paragraph (A), the facilitating or lead agen-cy shall follow the performance schedules es-tablished under section 61002(c)(1)(C), but may vary the timetable based on relevant factors, including— 
(i) the size and complexity of the covered 
project; 
(ii) the resources available to each partici-
pating agency; 
(iii) the regional or national economic sig-
nificance of the project; 
(iv) the sensitivity of the natural or his-
toric resources that may be affected by the project; 
(v) the financing plan for the project; and (vi) the extent to which similar projects in 
geographic proximity to the project were re-
cently subject to environmental review or similar procedures under State law. 
(C) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with appropriate agency CERPOs and the project sponsor, shall, as necessary, mediate any disputes regarding the permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A). 
(ii) D
ISPUTES .—If a dispute remains unre-
solved 30 days after the date on which the dispute was submitted to the Executive Di-rector, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, in consultation with the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall facilitate a resolution of the dispute and direct the agencies party to the dispute to resolve the dispute by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the dispute to the Executive Director. 
(iii) F
INAL RESOLUTION .—Any action taken 
by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the resolution of a dispute under clause (ii) shall— 
(I) be final and conclusive; and (II) not be subject to judicial review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5318 July 21, 2015 
(D) M ODIFICATION AFTER APPROVAL .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, may modify a permit-ting timetable established under subpara-graph (A) only if— 
(I) the facilitating or lead agency, as appli-
cable, and the affected cooperating agencies, after consultation with the participating agencies, agree to a different completion date; and 
(II) the facilitating agency or lead agency, 
as applicable, or the affected cooperating agency provides a written justification for the modification. 
(ii) C
OMPLETION DATE .—A completion date 
in the permitting timetable may not be modified within 30 days of the completion date. 
(E) C
ONSISTENCY WITH OTHER TIME PERI -
ODS.—A permitting timetable established 
under subparagraph (A) shall be consistent with any other relevant time periods estab-lished under Federal law and shall not pre-vent any cooperating or participating agency from discharging any obligation under Fed-eral law in connection with the project. 
(F) C
ONFORMING TO PERMITTING TIME -
TABLES .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Each Federal agency shall 
conform to the completion dates set forth in the permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A), or with any completion date modified under subparagraph (D). 
(ii) F
AILURE TO CONFORM .—If a Federal 
agency fails to conform with a completion date for agency action on a covered project or is at significant risk of failing to conform with such a completion date, the agency shall— 
(I) promptly submit to the Executive Di-
rector for publication on the Dashboard an explanation of the specific reasons for failing or significantly risking failing to conform to the completion date and a proposal for an al-ternative completion date; 
(II) in consultation with the facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, establish an al-ternative completion date; and 
(III) each month thereafter until the agen-
cy has taken final action on the delayed au-thorization or review, submit to the Execu-tive Director for posting on the Dashboard a status report describing any agency activity related to the project. 
(G) A
BANDONMENT OF COVERED PROJECT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, has a reasonable basis to doubt the continuing technical or finan-cial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the covered project, the facilitating or lead agency may request the project sponsor 
provide an updated statement regarding the ability of the project sponsor to complete the project. 
(ii) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the project 
sponsor fails to respond to a request de-scribed in clause (i) by the date that is 30 days after receiving the request, the lead or facilitating agency, as applicable, shall no-tify the Executive Director, who shall pub-lish an appropriate notice on the Dashboard. 
(iii) P
UBLICATION TO DASHBOARD .—On publi-
cation of a notice under clause (ii), the com-pletion dates in the permitting timetable shall be tolled and agencies shall be relieved of the obligation to comply with subpara-graph (F) until such time as the project sponsor submits to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, an updated statement regarding the technical and financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the project. 
(3) C
OOPERATING STATE , LOCAL , OR TRIBAL  
GOVERNMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE AUTHORITY .—If the Federal envi-
ronmental review is being implemented within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the environmental review and 
authorization process under this subsection and to make subject to the process all State agencies that— 
(i) have jurisdiction over the covered 
project; 
(ii) are required to conduct or issue a re-
view, analysis, opinion, or statement for the covered project; or 
(iii) are required to make a determination 
on issuing a permit, license, or other ap-proval or decision for the covered project. 
(B) C
OORDINATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable under applicable law, the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, shall coordinate the Federal environmental review and authorization processes under this sub-section with any State, local, or tribal agen-cy responsible for conducting any separate 
review or authorization of the covered project to ensure timely and efficient com-pletion of environmental reviews and author-izations. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any coordination plan be-
tween the facilitating or lead agency, as ap-plicable, and any State, local, or tribal agen-cy shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be included in a memorandum of under-standing. 
(ii) S
UBMISSION TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The facilitating or lead agency, as applica-ble, shall submit to the Executive Director each memorandum of understanding de-scribed in clause (i). 
(d) E
ARLY CONSULTATION .—The facilitating 
or lead agency, as applicable, shall provide an expeditious process for project sponsors to confer with each cooperating and partici-pating agency involved and, not later than 60 days after the date on which the project sponsor submits a request under this sub-section, to have each such agency provide to the project sponsor information concerning— 
(1) the availability of information and 
tools, including pre-application toolkits, to facilitate early planning efforts; 
(2) key issues of concern to each agency 
and to the public; and 
(3) issues that must be addressed before an 
environmental review or authorization can be completed. 
(e) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A lead agency may des-
ignate a participating agency as a cooper-ating agency in accordance with part 1501 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER DESIGNATION .—The 
designation described in paragraph (1) shall not affect any designation under subsection (a)(3). 
(3) L
IMITATION ON DESIGNATION .—Any agen-
cy not designated as a participating agency under subsection (a)(3) shall not be des-ignated as a cooperating agency under para-graph (1). 
(f) R
EPORTING STATUS OF OTHER PROJECTS  
ONDASHBOARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On request of the Execu-
tive Director, the Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Army shall use best efforts to provide information for inclusion on the Dashboard on projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, and section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) likely to require— 
(A) a total investment of more than 
$200,000,000; and 
(B) an environmental impact statement 
under NEPA. 
(2) E
FFECT OF INCLUSION ON DASHBOARD .— 
Inclusion on the Dashboard of information regarding projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, or section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) shall not subject those projects to any requirements of this title. SEC. 61004. INTERSTATE COMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The consent of Congress 
is given for 3 or more contiguous States to enter into an interstate compact estab-lishing regional infrastructure development agencies to facilitate authorization and re-view of covered projects, under State law or in the exercise of delegated permitting au-thority described under section 61006, that will advance infrastructure development, production, and generation within the States that are parties to the compact. 
(b) R
EGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—For the 
purpose of this title, a regional infrastruc-ture development agency referred to in sub-
section (a) shall have the same authorities and responsibilities of a State agency. 
SEC. 61005. COORDINATION OF REQUIRED RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) C ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—To integrate en-
vironmental reviews and authorizations, each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(1) carry out the obligations of the agency 
with respect to a covered project under any other applicable law concurrently, and in conjunction with, other environmental re-views and authorizations being conducted by other cooperating or participating agencies, including environmental reviews and author-izations required under NEPA, unless the agency determines that doing so would im-pair the ability of the agency to carry out the statutory obligations of the agency; and 
(2) formulate and implement administra-
tive, policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environmental review process in a time-ly, coordinated, and environmentally respon-sible manner. 
(b) A
DOPTION , INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE , ANDUSE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
(1) S TATE ENVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENTS ; SUP-
PLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS .— 
(A) U SE OF EXISTING DOCUMENTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—On the request of a project 
sponsor, a lead agency shall consider and, as appropriate, adopt or incorporate by ref-erence, the analysis and documentation that has been prepared for a covered project under State laws and procedures as the documenta-tion, or part of the documentation, required to complete an environmental review for the covered project, if the analysis and docu-mentation were, as determined by the lead agency in consultation with the Council on Environmental Quality, prepared under cir-cumstances that allowed for opportunities for public participation and consideration of alternatives and environmental con-sequences that are substantially equivalent to what would have been available had the documents and analysis been prepared by a Federal agency pursuant to NEPA. 
(ii) G
UIDANCE BY CEQ .—The Council on En-
vironmental Quality may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
(B) NEPA 
OBLIGATIONS .—An environmental 
document adopted under subparagraph (A) or a document that includes documentation in-corporated under subparagraph (A) may serve as the documentation required for an environmental review or a supplemental en-vironmental review required to be prepared by a lead agency under NEPA. 
(C) S
UPPLEMENTATION OF STATE DOCU -
MENTS .—If the lead agency adopts or incor-
porates analysis and documentation de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall prepare and publish a supplemental document if the lead agency determines that during the period after preparation of the analysis and documentation and before the adoption or incorporation— 
(i) a significant change has been made to 
the covered project that is relevant for pur-poses of environmental review of the project; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5319 July 21, 2015 
(ii) there has been a significant cir-
cumstance or new information has emerged that is relevant to the environmental review for the covered project. 
(D) C
OMMENTS .—If a lead agency prepares 
and publishes a supplemental document under subparagraph (C), the lead agency shall solicit comments from other agencies and the public on the supplemental docu-ment for a period of not more than 45 days, beginning on the date on which the supple-mental document is published, unless— 
(i) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(ii) the lead agency extends the deadline 
for good cause. 
(E) N
OTICE OF OUTCOME OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
REVIEW .—A lead agency shall issue a record 
of decision or finding of no significant im-pact, as appropriate, based on the document adopted under subparagraph (A) and any sup-plemental document prepared under subpara-graph (C). 
(c) A
LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS .— 
(1) P ARTICIPATION .—As early as practicable 
during the environmental review, but not later than the commencement of scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an en-vironmental impact statement, the lead agency, in consultation with each cooper-ating agency, shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives to be considered for a covered project. 
(2) R
ANGE OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Following participation 
under paragraph (1) and subject to subpara-graph (B), the lead agency shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives for con-sideration in any document that the lead agency is responsible for preparing for the covered project. 
(B) A
LTERNATIVES REQUIRED BY LAW .—In 
determining the range of alternatives under subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall in-clude all alternatives required to be consid-ered by law. 
(3) M
ETHODOLOGIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-
termine, in collaboration with each cooper-ating agency at appropriate times during the environmental review, the methodologies to be used and the level of detail required in the analysis of each alternative for a covered project. 
(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A cooper-
ating agency shall use the methodologies re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) when con-ducting any required environmental review, to the extent consistent with existing law. 
(4) P
REFERRED ALTERNATIVE .—With the 
concurrence of the cooperating agencies with jurisdiction under Federal law and at the discretion of the lead agency, the preferred alternative for a project, after being identi-fied, may be developed to a higher level of detail than other alternatives to facilitate the development of mitigation measures or concurrent compliance with other applicable laws if the lead agency determines that the development of the higher level of detail will not prevent— 
(A) the lead agency from making an impar-
tial decision as to whether to accept another alternative that is being considered in the environmental review; and 
(B) the public from commenting on the 
preferred and other alternatives. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW COMMENTS .— 
(1) C OMMENTS ON DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IM -
PACT STATEMENT .—For comments by an 
agency or the public on a draft environ-mental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after the date on which a notice announcing avail-ability of the environmental impact state-ment is published in the Federal Register, 
unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(B) the lead agency, in consultation with 
each cooperating agency, extends the dead-line for good cause. 
(2) O
THER REVIEW AND COMMENT PERIODS .— 
For all other review or comment periods in the environmental review process described 
in parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), the lead agency shall establish a com-ment period of not more than 45 days after the date on which the materials on which comment is requested are made available, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(B) the lead agency extends the deadline 
for good cause. 
(e) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLU -
TION.— 
(1) C OOPERATION .—The lead agency and 
each cooperating and participating agency shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of an environ-mental review or an authorization required for the project under applicable law or result in the denial of any approval under applica-ble law. 
(2) L
EAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall 
make information available to each cooper-ating and participating agency and project sponsor as early as practicable in the envi-ronmental review regarding the environ-mental, historic, and socioeconomic re-sources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. 
(B) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The infor-
mation described in subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including ge-ographic information systems mapping. 
(3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Each cooperating and 
participating agency shall— 
(A) identify, as early as practicable, any 
issues of concern regarding any potential en-vironmental impacts of the covered project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from completing any environmental review or authorization required for the project; and 
(B) communicate any issues described in 
subparagraph (A) to the project sponsor. 
(f) C
ATEGORIES OF PROJECTS .—The authori-
ties granted under this section may be exer-cised for an individual covered project or a category of covered projects. 
SEC. 61006. DELEGATED STATE PERMITTING PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a Federal statute per-
mits a Federal agency to delegate to or oth-erwise authorize a State to issue or other-wise administer a permit program in lieu of the Federal agency, the Federal agency with authority to carry out the statute shall— 
(1) on publication by the Council of best 
practices under section 61002(c)(2)(B), ini-tiate a national process, with public partici-pation, to determine whether and the extent to which any of the best practices are gen-erally applicable on a delegation- or author-ization-wide basis to permitting under the statute; and 
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of this Act, make model rec-ommendations for State modifications of the applicable permit program to reflect the best practices described in section 61002(c)(2)(B), as appropriate. 
(b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Lead and cooperating 
agencies may share with State, tribal, and local authorities best practices involved in 
review of covered projects and invite input from State, tribal, and local authorities re-garding best practices. 
SEC. 61007. LITIGATION, JUDICIAL REVIEW, AND 
SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) L IMITATIONS ON CLAIMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of any authorization issued by a Federal agency for a covered project shall be barred unless— 
(A) the action is filed not later than 2 
years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of the final record of deci-sion or approval or denial of a permit, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judicial review is allowed; and 
(B) in the case of an action pertaining to 
an environmental review conducted under NEPA— 
(i) the action is filed by a party that sub-
mitted a comment during the environmental review or a party that lacked a reasonable opportunity to submit a comment; and 
(ii) a party filed a sufficiently detailed 
comment so as to put the lead agency on no-tice of the issue on which the party seeks ju-dicial review. 
(2) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of a lead agency 
or participating agency shall consider new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements under regulations imple-menting NEPA. 
(B) S
EPARATE ACTION .—If Federal law re-
quires the preparation of a supplemental en-vironmental impact statement or other sup-plemental environmental document, the preparation of such document shall be con-sidered a separate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial re-view of the agency action shall be 2 years after the date on which a notice announcing the final agency action is published in the Federal Register, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which ju-dicial review is allowed. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of an author-ization. 
(b) P
RELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—In 
addition to considering any other applicable equitable factors, in any action seeking a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction against an agency or a project sponsor in connection with review or author-
ization of a covered project, the court shall— 
(1) consider the effects on public health, 
safety, and the environment, the potential for significant job losses, and other economic harm resulting from an order or injunction; and 
(2) not presume that the harms described 
in paragraph (1) are reparable. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except as provided 
in subsection (a), nothing in this title affects the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this 
title— 
(1) supersedes, amends, or modifies any 
Federal statute or affects the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or en-force any statute; or 
(2) creates a presumption that a covered 
project will be approved or favorably re-viewed by any agency. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section 
preempts, limits, or interferes with— 
(1) any practice of seeking, considering, or 
responding to public comment; or 
(2) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, 
or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, metropolitan planning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5320 July 21, 2015 
organization, Indian tribe, or project sponsor 
has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provisions of law applicable to any project, plan, or program. 
SEC. 61008. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 15 of 
each year for 10 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Di-rector shall submit to Congress a report de-tailing the progress accomplished under this title during the previous fiscal year. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall assess the performance of each participating agency and lead agency based on the best practices described in sec-tion 61002(c)(2)(B). 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY TO INCLUDE COMMENTS .— 
Each councilmember, with input from the re-spective agency CERPO, shall have the op-portunity to include comments concerning the performance of the agency in the report described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 61009. FUNDING FOR GOVERNANCE, OVER-
SIGHT, AND PROCESSING OF ENVI-RONMENTAL REVIEWS AND PER-MITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The heads of agencies 
listed in section 61002(b)(2)(B), with the guid-ance of the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and in consultation with the Executive Director, may, after public no-tice and opportunity for comment, issue reg-ulations establishing a fee structure for project proponents to reimburse the United States for reasonable costs incurred in con-ducting environmental reviews and author-izations for covered projects. 
(b) R
EASONABLE COSTS.—As used in this 
section, the term ‘‘reasonable costs’’ shall include costs to implement the requirements and authorities required under sections 61002 and 61003, including the costs to agencies and the costs of operating the Council. 
(c) F
EESTRUCTURE .—The fee structure es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be developed in consultation with af-
fected project proponents, industries, and other stakeholders; 
(2) exclude parties for which the fee would 
impose an undue financial burden or is oth-erwise determined to be inappropriate; and 
(3) be established in a manner that ensures 
that the aggregate amount of fees collected for a fiscal year is estimated not to exceed 20 percent of the total estimated costs for the fiscal year for the resources allocated for the conduct of the environmental reviews and authorizations covered by this title, as de-termined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMIT -
TING IMPROVEMENT FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All amounts collected 
pursuant to this section shall be deposited into a separate fund in the Treasury of the United States to be known as the ‘‘Environ-mental Review Improvement Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available to the Executive Director, without appropriation or fiscal year limita-tion, solely for the purposes of admin-istering, implementing, and enforcing this title, including the expenses of the Council. 
(3) T
RANSFER .—The Executive Director, 
with the approval of the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, may trans-fer amounts in the Fund to other agencies to facilitate timely and efficient environmental reviews and authorizations for proposed cov-ered projects. 
(e) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .—The regula-
tions adopted pursuant to subsection (a) shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (d) will not impact impar-tial decision-making with respect to envi-ronmental reviews or authorizations, either substantively or procedurally. (f) T
RANSFER OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heads of agencies list-
ed in section 61002(b)(2)(B) shall have the au-thority to transfer, in accordance with sec-tion 1535 of title 31, United States Code, funds appropriated to those agencies and not otherwise obligated to other affected Federal agencies for the purpose of implementing the provisions of this title. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Appropriations under title 
23, United States Code and appropriations for the civil works program of the Army Corps of Engineers shall not be available for trans-fer under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 61010. APPLICATION. 
This title applies to any covered project 
for which— 
(1) a notice is filed under section 
61003(a)(1); or 
(2) an application or other request for a 
Federal authorization is pending before a Federal agency 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 61011. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes an analysis of whether the provisions of this title could be adapted to streamline the Federal permit-
ting process for smaller projects that are not covered projects. 
DIVISION G—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION 
SEC. 70001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may cited as the ‘‘Surface 
Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXI—EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID 
HIGHWAY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 71001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001 of the High-
way and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1840; 129 Stat. 219) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘July 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘by 
this subsection’’. 
(b) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$33,528,284,932’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘$40,256,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(12)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RIBAL HIGHPRIORITY PROJECTS PRO-
GRAM .—Section 1123(h)(1) of MAP-21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note; Public Law 112–141) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301’’ and inserting 
‘‘$30,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
SEC. 71002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF CONTRACT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 1002(a) of the Highway and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$366,465,753’’ and inserting 
‘‘$440,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Section 
1002(b)(2) of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXII—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 72001. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL 
AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘end-
ing before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘end-
ing before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 72002. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before October 1, 2014’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘before October 1, 2015’’. 
SEC. 72003. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2014’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2014, and $8,595,000,000 for fis-cal year 2015.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$107,274,521 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking 
‘‘$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D), by striking 
‘‘$215,132,055 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘$506,222,466 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$607,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$16,657,534 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.054 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5321 July 21, 2015 
(G) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I), by striking 
‘‘$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J), by striking 
‘‘$356,304,658 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K), by striking 
‘‘$438,009,863 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$58,301,370 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on Octo-
ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$4,164,384 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$1,558,295,890 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,907,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$86,619,178 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$104,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’. 
SEC. 72004. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2013 and 2014 and $54,553,425 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and $1,041,096 for such pe-
riod’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘and $416,438 for such pe-
riod’’. TITLE LXXIII—EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY 
SAFETY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 73101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(C) of MAP–21 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $113,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $29,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘through 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘and 2014 and in the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2015’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under subsection 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $2,082,192 of the total amount available for apportionment to the States for highway safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(J) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(J) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $26,652,055 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on 
July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $20,821,918 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2014 and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘per fiscal year and up to $26,652,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘per fiscal year’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each fiscal year through 2014 and for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year through 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before Octo-ber 1, 2015’’. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 73201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(3) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) $42,762,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2015 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend during fiscal year 2015— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.055 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5322 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; 
‘‘(B) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. (c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXIV—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 74001. EXTENSION OF TRUST FUND EXPEND-
ITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Sur-face Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Paragraph (2) of section 
9508(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Au-gust 1, 2015. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Paragraph (2) of section 
9508(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Au-gust 1, 2015. 
DIVISION H—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 80001. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go-Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SEC. 80002. MAINTENANCE OF HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND CASH BALANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Highway 
Account’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9503(e)(5)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(2) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—The term ‘‘High-
way Trust Fund’’ means the Highway Trust Fund established by section 9503(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(3) M
ASS TRANSIT ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘Mass Transit Account’’ means the Mass Transit Account established by section 9503(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON OBLIGATIONS .—If the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, determines under the 
test or reevaluation described under sub-section (c) or (d) that the projected cash bal-ances of either the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund will fall below the levels described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(2) at any time during the fiscal year for which that determination applies, the Secretary shall not approve any obligation of funds au-thorized out of the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund during that fiscal year. 
(c) C
ASHBALANCE TEST.—On July 15 prior 
to the beginning of each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall— 
(1) based on data available for the 
midsession review described under section 1106 of title 31, United States Code, estimate the projected cash balances of the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund for the upcoming fiscal year; and 
(2) determine if those cash balances— (A) are projected to fall below the amount 
of $4,000,000,000 at any time during that up-coming fiscal year in the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund; or 
(B) are projected to fall below the amount 
of $1,000,000,000 at any time during that up-coming fiscal year in the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(d) R
EEVALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
conduct the test described under subsection (c) again during a respective fiscal year— 
(1) if a law is enacted that provides addi-
tional revenues, deposits, or transfers to the Highway Trust Fund; or 
(2) when the President submits to Congress 
under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, updated outlay estimates or revenue projections related to the Highway Trust Fund. 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days 
after a determination is made under sub-section (c) or (d), the Secretary shall provide notification of the determination to— 
(1) the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; 
(3) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(5) State transportation departments and 
designated recipients. 
(f) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (b), the Secretary shall approve obli-gations in every fiscal year for— 
(1) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Highway Administration, including any ad-ministrative expenses funded under— 
(A) section 104(a) of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(B) the tribal transportation program 
under section 202(a)(6), of title 23, United States Code; 
(C) the Federal lands transportation pro-
gram under section 203 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(D) chapter 6 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) funds for the national highway perform-
ance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation on obligations; 
(3) the emergency relief program under 
section 125 of title 23, United States Code; 
(4) the administrative expenses of the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code; 
(5) the highway safety programs under sec-
tion 402 of title 23, United States Code, and national priority safety programs under sec-
tion 405 of title 23, United States Code; 
(6) the high visibility enforcement program 
under section 2009 of SAFETEA-LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note; Public Law 109–59); 
(7) the highway safety research and devel-
opment program under section 403 of title 23, United States Code; 
(8) the national driver register under chap-
ter 303 of title 49, United States Code; 
(9) the motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(10) the administrative expenses of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(11) the administrative expenses of the 
Federal Transit Administration funded under section 5338(h) of title 49, United States Code, to carry out section 5329 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 80003. PROHIBITION ON RESCISSIONS OF 
CERTAIN CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
For purposes of the enforcement of a point 
of order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the determination of levels under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) or the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 931 et seq.), and the enforcement of a point of order established under or the determination of levels under a concurrent resolution on the budget, the rescission of contract authority that is provided under this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act for fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021 shall not be counted. 
SA 2267. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE ll—PILOT’S BILL OF RIGHTS 2 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Pilot’s Bill 
of Rights 2’’. 
SEC. ll02. MEDICAL CERTIFICATION OF CER-
TAIN SMALL AIRCRAFT PILOTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall issue or revise medical certificate regulations to ensure that an in-dividual may operate as pilot in command or required crewmember of a covered aircraft without regard to any medical certification or proof of health requirement otherwise ap-plicable under Federal law if— 
(1) the individual possesses a valid driver’s 
license issued by a State, territory, or pos-session of the United States and complies with all medical requirements or restrictions associated with that license; 
(2) the individual holds a medical certifi-
cate issued by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration on the date of enactment of this Act, held such a certificate at any point during the 10-year period preceding such date of en-actment, or obtains such a certificate after such date of enactment; 
(3) the most recent medical certificate 
issued by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to the individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.055 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5323 July 21, 2015 
(A) indicates whether the certificate is 
first, second, or third class; 
(B) includes authorization for special 
issuance; 
(C) may be expired; (D) cannot have been revoked or sus-
pended; and 
(E) cannot have been withdrawn; (4) the aircraft is carrying not more than 5 
passengers; 
(5) the individual is operating the aircraft 
under visual flight rules or instrument flight rules; 
(6) the flight, including each portion of 
that flight, is not carried out— 
(A) for compensation or hire, including 
that no passenger or property on the flight is being carried for compensation or hire; 
(B) at an altitude that is not more than 
18,000 feet above mean sea level; 
(C) outside the United States, unless au-
thorized by the country in which the flight is conducted; or 
(D) at an indicated air speed exceeding 250 
knots; 
(7)(A) the individual has completed a med-
ical education course described in subsection (b) during the 24 calendar months before act-ing as pilot in command or required crew-member in a covered aircraft and dem-onstrates proof of completion of the course; or 
(B) the individual exercises sport pilot 
privileges or acts as pilot in command of a glider or balloon; and 
(8) the individual, when serving as a pilot 
in command or required crewmember, is under the care and treatment of a private physician if the individual has been diag-nosed with any medical condition that may impact the ability of the individual to fly. 
(b) M
EDICAL EDUCATION COURSE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The medical education course de-
scribed in subsection (a)(7) shall— 
(1) be available on the Internet free of 
charge, 
(2) be developed and periodically updated 
in coordination with representatives of rel-evant nonprofit and not-for-profit general aviation stakeholder groups; 
(3) educate pilots on conducting medical 
self-assessments; 
(4) advise pilots on identifying warning 
signs of potential serious medical conditions; 
(5) identify risk mitigation strategies for 
medical conditions; 
(6) increase awareness and impacts of po-
tentially impairing over-the-counter and prescription drug medications; 
(7) encourage regular medical exams and 
consultations with primary care physicians; 
(8) inform pilots of the regulations per-
taining to the prohibition on operations dur-ing medical deficiency; and 
(9) provide to an individual a signature 
page, which shall be transmitted to the Ad-ministrator, for the individual to certify that the individual has— 
(A) completed the course; (B) received a routine physical exam from 
an appropriately qualified physician during the 60 months before acting as pilot in com-mand or required crewmember in a covered aircraft; 
(C) received the care and treatment from a 
private physician in accordance with sub-section (a)(8), if applicable; and 
(D) declared an understanding of the exist-
ing prohibition on operations during medical deficiency by stating: ‘‘I understand that I cannot act as pilot in command, or in any other capacity as a required flight crew-member, if I know or have reason to know of any medical condition that would make me unable to operate the aircraft in a safe man-ner.’’. 
(c) S
PECIAL ISSUANCE PROCESS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—An individual who has 
qualified for the third-class medical certifi-cate exemption under subsection (a) and is seeking to serve as a pilot in command or re-quired crew member of a covered aircraft shall be required to have completed the proc-ess for obtaining an Authorization for Spe-cial Issuance of a Medical Certificate one time if the individual is diagnosed with any of the following medical conditions: 
(A) A mental health disorder, limited to 
clinically diagnosed conditions of— 
(i) personality disorder that is severe 
enough to have repeatedly manifested itself by overt acts; 
(ii) psychosis, defined as a case in which an 
individual— 
(I) has manifested delusions, halluci-
nations, grossly bizarre or disorganized be-havior, or other commonly accepted symp-toms of psychosis; or 
(II) may reasonably be expected to mani-
fest delusions, hallucinations, grossly bizarre or disorganized behavior, or other commonly accepted symptoms of psychosis; 
(iii) severe bipolar disorder; and (iv) substance dependence within the pre-
vious 2 years, as defined in section 67.307(4) of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(B) A neurological disorder, limited to an 
established medical history and clinical di-agnosis of the following: 
(i) Epilepsy. (ii) Disturbance of consciousness without 
satisfactory medical explanation of the cause. 
(iii) A transient loss of control of nervous 
system functions without satisfactory med-ical explanation of the cause. 
(C) A cardiovascular condition, limited to 
the following: 
(i) Myocardial infraction. (ii) Coronary heart disease that has been 
treated by open heart surgery. 
(iii) Cardiac valve replacement. (iv) Heart replacement. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CARDIOVASCULAR CON -
DITIONS .—In the case of an individual with a 
cardiovascular condition, the process for ob-taining an Authorization for Special Issuance of a Medical Certificate shall be satisfied with the successful completion of an appropriate clinical evaluation without a mandatory wait period. 
(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in coordination with the National Transportation Safety Board, shall submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the effect of the regulations issued or revised under subsection (a) and includes sta-tistics with respect to changes in small air-craft activity and safety incidents. 
(e) P
ROHIBITION ON ENFORCEMENT AC-
TIONS .—On and after the date that is 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator may not take an enforce-ment action for not holding a valid third- class medical certificate against a pilot of a covered aircraft for a flight if the pilot and the flight meet the applicable requirements under subsection (a) unless the Adminis-trator has published final regulations in the Federal Register under that subsection. 
(f) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means an aircraft that— 
(1) is not authorized under Federal law to 
carry more than 6 occupants; and 
(2) has a maximum certificated takeoff 
weight of not more than 6,000 pounds. 
SEC. ll03. EXPANSION OF PILOT’S BILL OF 
RIGHTS. 
(a) A PPEALS NOTSUBJECT TO EXHAUSTION  
OFADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2(d)(1) of the Pi-
lot’s Bill of Rights (Public Law 112–153; 126 Stat. 1159; 49 U.S.C. 44703 note) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon an order by the Ad-
ministrator denying an application for the issuance or renewal of a covered certificate under section 44703 of title 49, United States Code, to amend, modify, suspend, or revoke a covered certificate under section 44709 or 44710 of such title, or to impose a civil pen-alty under section 46301 of such title, an indi-vidual substantially affected by the order may, at the individual’s election, file an ap-peal with the National Transportation Safe-ty Board or, without further administrative review, in the United States district court in which the individual resides or in which the action in question occurred, or in the United States District Court for the District of Co-lumbia.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2(d) 
of such Act is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Federal 
district court’’ and inserting ‘‘United States district court’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR REVIEW OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATOR ’S DETERMINATION OF EMERGENCY .—An 
individual affected by any order issued by the Administrator under section 44709 or 44710 of title 49, United States Code, as an emergency order, as an order not designated as an emergency order but later amended to be an emergency order, or any order des-ignated as effective immediately, may peti-tion for a review by the Board, under proce-dures promulgated by the Board, of the Ad-ministrator’s determination that an emer-gency exists.’’. 
(b) D
ENOVO REVIEW BY DISTRICT COURT ; 
BURDEN OF PROOF .—Section 2(e) of such Act 
is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In an appeal filed under 
subsection (d) in a United States district court with respect to a denial, suspension, or revocation of a covered certificate or the im-position of a punitive civil action by the Ad-ministrator— 
‘‘(A) the district court shall review the de-
nial, suspension, revocation, or the imposi-tion of a punitive civil action de novo, in-cluding by— 
‘‘(i) conducting a full independent review 
of the complete administrative record of the denial, suspension, or revocation; 
‘‘(ii) permitting additional discovery and 
the taking of additional evidence; and 
‘‘(iii) making the findings of fact and con-
clusions of law required by Rule 52 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure without being bound to any facts found by the Ad-ministrator or the National Transportation Safety Board.’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—In an appeal filed 
under subsection (d) in a United States dis-trict court, the burden of proof shall be as follows: 
‘‘(A) In an appeal of an order issued by the 
Administrator pursuant to section 44703 of title 49, United States Code, the burden of proof shall be upon the applicant denied a covered certificate by the Administrator. 
‘‘(B) In an appeal of an order issued by the 
Administrator pursuant to section 44709, 44710, or 46301 of such title, the burden of proof shall be upon the Administrator.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE PRO -
CEDURE ACT .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1)(A) or subsection (a)(1) of section 554 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.031 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5324 July 21, 2015 
title 5, United States Code, that section ap-
plies to adjudications of the Administrator and the National Transportation Safety Board to the same extent as that section ap-plied to such adjudications before the date of the enactment of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2.’’. 
(c) E
XPANSION TO OTHER CERTIFICATES  
ISSUED BY FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2 of such Act is 
amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘subpart C, D, or F of’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘an airman certificate’’ and 
inserting ‘‘a covered certificate’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘an air-
man certificate under chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘a cov-ered certificate’’. 
(2) C
OVERED CERTIFICATE DEFINED .—Section 
2 of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) C
OVERED CERTIFICATE DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘covered certificate’ means a certificate or any other authoriza-tion issued by the Administrator and held by an individual under chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code.’’. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION OF INVESTIGATION .—Sec-
tion 2 of such Act is further amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c); (2) by redesignating paragraph (5) of sub-
section (b) as subsection (c), and by moving such subsection, as so redesignated, two ems to the left; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and 
the specific activity on which the investiga-tion is based’’ after ‘‘nature of the investiga-tion’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘timely’’; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION .—If 
the Administrator does not provide an indi-vidual with the notification required by paragraph (1) with respect to an investiga-tion relating to the amendment, modifica-tion, suspension, or revocation of a covered certificate, including all of the information required under paragraph (2), the Adminis-trator may not— 
‘‘(A) retain any record of the investigation 
without expunging all information that es-tablishes or may reasonably assist in estab-lishing the identity of the individual that was the subject of the investigation; 
‘‘(B) suspend, or revoke the covered certifi-
cate; 
‘‘(C) seek a civil penalty or other punitive 
action against the individual; or 
‘‘(D) in any way take action, including 
issuance of a warning letter or letter of cor-rection or any other administrative action, with regard to the matter that was the sub-ject of the investigation.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (c), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 44709(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 44709(e)(2)’’. 
(e) R
ELEASE OF INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS .— 
Section 2 of such Act is amended by insert-ing after subsection (e) the following: 
‘‘(f) R
ELEASE OF INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) E MERGENCY ORDERS .—In any pro-
ceeding conducted under part 821 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, relating to the amendment, modification, suspension, or revocation of a covered certificate, in which the Administrator issues an emergency order under subsections (d) and (e) of section 44709, section 44710, or section 46105(c) of title 49, United States Code, or another order that takes effect immediately, the Administrator shall provide to the individual holding the 
covered certificate the releasable portion of the investigative report at the time the Ad-ministrator issues the order. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ORDERS .—In any non-emer-
gency proceeding conducted under part 821 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, relat-ing to the amendment, modification, suspen-sion, or revocation of a covered certificate, or the imposition of a civil penalty, in which the Administrator notifies the covered cer-tificate holder of a proposed certificate ac-tion under subsections (b) and (c) of section 44709 or section 44710 of title 49, United States Code, the Administrator shall, upon the written request of the covered certificate holder and at any time after that notifica-tion, provide to the covered certificate hold-er the releasable portion of the investigative report. 
‘‘(2) M
OTION FOR DISMISSAL .—If the Admin-
istrator does not provide the releasable por-tions of the investigative report to the indi-vidual holding the covered certificate sub-ject to the proceeding referred to in para-graph (1) by the time required by that para-graph, the individual may move to dismiss the complaint of the Administrator or for other relief and, unless the Administrator es-tablishes good cause for the failure to pro-vide the investigative report, the adminis-trative law judge shall order such relief as the judge considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) R
ELEASABLE PORTION OF INVESTIGATIVE  
REPORT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the 
releasable portion of an investigative report is all information in the report, except for the following: 
‘‘(A) Information that is privileged. ‘‘(B) Information that constitutes work 
product or reflects internal deliberative process. 
‘‘(C) Information that would disclose the 
identity of a confidential source. 
‘‘(D) Information the disclosure of which is 
prohibited by any other provision of law. 
‘‘(E) Information that is not relevant to 
the subject matter of the proceeding. 
‘‘(F) Information the Administrator can 
demonstrate is withheld for good cause. 
‘‘(G) Sensitive security information, as de-
fined in section 15.5 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any corresponding simi-lar ruling or regulation). 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to prevent the Administrator from releasing to an indi-vidual subject to an investigation described in subsection (b)(1)— 
‘‘(A) information in addition to the infor-
mation included in the releasable portion of the investigative report; or 
‘‘(B) a copy of the investigative report be-
fore the Administrator issues a complaint.’’. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON DOCUMENT REQUESTS .— 
Section 2 of such Act, as amended by sub-section (e), is further amended by inserting after subsection (f) the following: 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON DOCUMENT REQUESTS .— 
In any case in which the Administrator initi-ates an investigation described in subsection (b)(1) with respect to an individual, the Ad-ministrator and the investigating officials may request documents from the individual 
only if the request is limited and narrowly tailored to issues in the investigation.’’. 
(g) L
IMITATION ON RETENTION OF  
RECORDS .—Section 2 of such Act, as amended 
by subsections (e) and (f), is further amended by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION ON RETENTION OF  
RECORDS .—The Administrator shall not re-
tain any information that establishes or may reasonably assist in establishing the identity of an individual that was the subject of any investigation described in subsection (b)(1) with respect to a covered certificate— ‘‘(1) that does not result in an enforcement 
action after the date that is 90 days after the Administrator determines not to take en-forcement action; or 
‘‘(2) in a case in which the Administrator 
does take enforcement action and that case is subsequently dismissed, after the date that is 90 days after the dismissal of the case. 
‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITION ON PUBLICIZING PENDING  
INVESTIGATIONS OR ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS .— 
The Administrator may not indicate in the publicly accessible records of an individual holding a covered certificate who is the sub-ject of an investigation described in sub-section (b)(1) any information that is dif-ferent from information in such records of an individual who is not the subject of such an investigation.’’. 
SEC. ll04. LIMITATIONS ON REEXAMINATION OF 
CERTIFICATE HOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44709 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘
ANDREEXAMINATION ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘, or reexamine an airman 
holding a certificate issued under section 44703 of this title’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EEXAMINATION OF AIRMEN CERTIFI -
CATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
not reexamine an airman holding a certifi-cate issued under section 44703 of this title if the reexamination is ordered as a result of an event involving the fault of the Federal Aviation Administration or its designee, un-less the Administrator has reasonable grounds— 
‘‘(i) to establish that an airman may not be 
qualified to exercise the privileges of a par-ticular certificate or rating, based upon an act or omission committed by the airman while exercising those privileges, after the certificate or rating was issued by the Fed-eral Aviation Administration or its designee; or 
‘‘(ii) to demonstrate that the airman ob-
tained the certificate or the rating through fraudulent means or through an examination that was substantially and demonstrably in-adequate to establish the airman’s qualifica-tions. 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—Before 
taking any action to reexamine an airman holding a certificate issued under section 44703 of this title, the Administrator shall provide to the airman— 
‘‘(i) a reasonable basis, described in detail, 
for requesting the reexamination; and 
‘‘(ii) any releasable information gathered 
by the Federal Aviation Administration, such as the scope and nature of the requested reexamination, that formed the basis for that justification.’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENT , MODIFICATION , SUSPENSION , 
ORREVOCATION OF AIRMEN CERTIFICATES  
AFTER REEXAMINATION .—Section 44709(b) of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
MENDMENT , MODIFICATION , SUSPEN -
SION, OR REVOCATION OF AIRMEN CERTIFICATES  
AFTER REEXAMINATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.031 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5325 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
not amend, modify, suspend, or revoke an airman certificate issued under section 44703 of this title after a reexamination of the air-man holding the certificate unless the Ad-ministrator finds that the airman— 
‘‘(i) lacks the technical skills and com-
petency, or care, judgment, and responsi-bility, necessary to hold and safely exercise the privileges of the certificate; or 
‘‘(ii) materially contributed to the 
issuance of the certificate by fraudulent means. 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—Any finding of 
the Administrator under this paragraph shall be subject to the standard of review provided for under the Pilot’s Bill of Rights (49 U.S.C. 44703 note).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
44709(d)(1) of such title is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(1)(A)(i)’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)(1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii)’’. 
SEC. ll05. EXPEDITING UPDATES TO NOTAM 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Aviation Administration may not take any enforcement action, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, against any individual for a violation of a NOTAM (as defined in section 3 of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights (49 U.S.C. 44701 note)) until the Administrator certifies that the Administrator has com-plied with the requirements of section 3 of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights, as amended by this section, to— 
(1) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations and 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 3 of the Pilot’s 
Bill of Rights (Public Law 112–153; 126 Stat. 1162; 49 U.S.C. 44701 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘begin’’ and inserting 
‘‘complete the implementation of’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) to continue developing and modern-
izing the NOTAM repository, in a public cen-tral location, to maintain and archive all NOTAMs, including the original content and form of the notices, the original date of pub-lication, and any amendments to such no-tices with the date of each amendment, in a manner that is Internet-accessible, machine- readable, and searchable;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) to specify the times during which 
temporary flight restrictions are in effect and the duration of a designation of special use airspace in a specific area.’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATION OF REPOSITORY AS SOLE 
SOURCE FOR NOTAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator— 
‘‘(A) shall consider the repository for 
NOTAMs established under subsection (a)(2)(B) to be the sole location for airmen to check for NOTAMs; and 
‘‘(B) may not consider a NOTAM to be an-
nounced and published until the NOTAM is included in the repository. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON TAKING ACTION FOR VIO -
LATIONS OF NOTAMS NOT IN REPOSITORY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (A), on and after the date on which the repository established under sub-section (a)(2)(B) is final and published, the Administrator may not take any enforce-ment action against an airman for a viola-tion of a NOTAM during a flight if that NOTAM is not available through the reposi-tory before the commencement of the flight and reasonably accessible and identifiable to the airman. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR NATIONAL SECURITY .— 
Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in the case of an enforcement action for a violation of a NOTAM that directly relates to national se-curity.’’. 
SEC. ll06. ACCESSIBILITY OF CERTAIN FLIGHT 
DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
471 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 47124 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 47124a. Accessibility of certain flight data 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACT TOWER .—The term ‘contract 
tower’ means an air traffic control tower providing air traffic control services pursu-ant to a contract with the Federal Aviation Administration under the Contract Tower Program under section 47124(b)(3). 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED FLIGHT RECORD .—The term 
‘covered flight record’ means any flight data, including air traffic data (as defined in sec-tion 2(b)(4)(B) of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights (49 U.S.C. 44703 note)), created, maintained, or controlled by any program of the Federal Aviation Administration, whether carried out by employees or contractors of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, including con-tract towers, flight service stations, and con-troller training programs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROVISION OF COVERED FLIGHT DATA TO  
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FROM FEDERAL AVIATION AD -
MINISTRATION .—When the Federal Aviation 
Administration receives a request for a cov-ered flight record from an individual who is the subject of an investigation initiated by the Administrator related to the flight record and that is not in the possession of the Federal Aviation Administration, the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration shall request the record from the contract tower or other contractor of the Federal Aviation Administration that pos-sesses the record. If the Administrator has issued, or subsequently issues, a Notice of Proposed Certificate Action relying on evi-dence contained in the covered flight record and the individual who is the subject of an investigation had not previously requested the record, the Administrator shall promptly produce the record and extend the time the individual has to respond to the Notice of Proposed Certificate Action until the cov-ered flight record is provided. 
‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF RECORDS TO FEDERAL  
AVIATION ADMINISTRATION .—Any covered 
flight record created, maintained, or con-trolled by a contract tower or another con-tractor of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion that maintains covered flight records shall be provided to the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration if the Federal Aviation Admin-istration requests the record pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) F
ORMAT OF RECORDS .—Each contract 
tower or other contractor of the Federal Aviation Administration that maintains cov-ered flight records shall maintain records re-lating to covered flight records in formats that are readily reproducible and reasonably searchable by the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration. 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2, the Administrator shall pro-mulgate regulations or guidance to ensure compliance with this section by the Federal Aviation Administration, contract towers, and other contractors of the Federal Avia-tion Administration that maintain covered flight records. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE BY APPLICABLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Compliance with this 
section by a contract tower or other con-tractor of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion that maintains covered flight records shall be included as a material term in any contract between the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration and the contract tower or con-tractor entered into or renewed on or after the date of the enactment of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. 
‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATION OF CONTRACT OR AGREE -
MENT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2, the Administrator shall secure a modification to include compliance with this section by each contract tower and other contractor of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration that maintains covered flight records as a material term in any contract between the Federal Aviation Administration and the contract tower or contractor that will not otherwise be renegotiated, renewed, or modi-fied before the date that is one year after 
such date of enactment.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 47124 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘47124a. Accessibility of certain flight 
data.’’. 
SEC. ll07. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CER-
TAIN INDIVIDUALS DESIGNATED AS REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FED-ERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any individual des-
ignated by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under subpart C of part 183 of title 14, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to act as a representative of the Ad-ministrator, including an aviation medical examiner, pilot examiner, or designated air-worthiness representative, shall, when car-rying out duties pursuant to that designa-tion and without regard to the individual’s employer— 
(1) be considered to be performing an activ-
ity necessary to safeguard a uniquely Fed-eral interest; and 
(2) not be liable in a civil action for actions 
performed with reasonable care in connec-tion with those duties. 
(b) F
RAUDULENT MISCONDUCT .—This section 
does not relieve an individual described in subsection (a) that causes harm to any per-son through intentional or fraudulent mis-conduct while carrying out duties pursuant to that subsection from any penalty applica-ble under any provision of law for that mis-conduct. 
SEC. ll08. AUTHORITY FOR LEGAL COUNSEL TO 
ISSUE CERTAIN NOTICES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion shall revise section 13.11 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, to authorize legal counsel to close enforcement actions covered by that section with a warning notice, letter of correction, or other administrative action. 
SEC. ll09. LIABILITY PROTECTION FOR VOLUN-
TEER PILOTS THAT FLY FOR THE PUBLIC BENEFIT. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSE .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(A) Many volunteer pilot nonprofit organi-
zations fly for public benefit and provide val-uable services to communities and individ-uals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.031 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5326 July 21, 2015 
(B) In each calendar year, volunteer pilot 
nonprofit organizations provide long-dis-tance, no-cost transportation for tens of thousands of people during times of special need. 
(C) Such nonprofit organizations are no 
longer able to purchase liability insurance for aircraft they do not own to provide liabil-ity protection at a reasonable price, and therefore face a highly detrimental liability risk. 
(D) Such nonprofit organizations have sup-
ported the homeland security of the United States by providing volunteer pilot services during times of national emergency. 
(2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to promote the activities of volunteer pilot nonprofit organizations that fly for public benefit and to sustain the availability of the services that such nonprofit organiza-tions provide, including the following: 
(A) Transportation at no cost to finan-
cially needy medical patients for medical treatment, evaluation, and diagnosis. 
(B) Flights for humanitarian and chari-
table purposes. 
(C) Other flights of compassion. (b) L
IABILITY PROTECTION FOR VOLUNTEER  
PILOT NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS THAT FLY 
FOR PUBLIC BENEFIT AND TO PILOTS AND  
STAFF OF SUCHNONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
Section 4 of the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14503) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(4)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the harm’’ and inserting 
‘‘(A) except in the case of subparagraph (B), the harm’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A)(ii), as redesignated 
by this paragraph, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) the volunteer— ‘‘(i) was operating an aircraft in further-
ance of the purpose of a volunteer pilot non-profit organization that flies for public ben-efit; and 
‘‘(ii) was properly licensed and insured for 
the operation of such aircraft.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘Nothing in this section’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), nothing in this section’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—A volunteer pilot non-
profit organization that flies for public ben-efit, the staff, mission coordinators, officers, and directors (whether volunteer or other-wise) of that nonprofit organization, and a referring agency of that nonprofit organiza-tion shall not be liable for harm caused to any person by a volunteer of the nonprofit organization while the volunteer— 
‘‘(A) is operating an aircraft in furtherance 
of the purpose of the nonprofit organization; 
‘‘(B) is properly licensed for the operation 
of the aircraft; and 
‘‘(C) has certified to the nonprofit organi-
zation that the volunteer has insurance cov-ering the volunteer’s operation of the air-craft.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 21, 2015, at 11:15 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD– 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-stricting Advice and Education: DOL’s Unworkable Investment Proposal for American Families and Retirees.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Administration’s Misdirected Immigration Enforcement Policies: Examining the Impact on Public Safety and Honoring the Vic-tims.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 21, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Chaya Koffman, who is a detailee in the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee from the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation, have floor privileges for the du-ration of the consideration of H.R. 22, the underlying vehicle for the highway bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
On Thursday, July 16, 2015, the Sen-
ate passed S. 1177, as amended, as fol-lows: 
S. 1177 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Child 
Achieves Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of purpose. Sec. 5. Table of contents of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 1003. School intervention and support 
and State administration. 
Sec. 1004. Basic program requirements. Sec. 1005. Parent and family engagement. Sec. 1006. Participation of children enrolled 
in private schools. 
Sec. 1007. Supplement, not supplant. Sec. 1008. Coordination requirements. Sec. 1009. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
Sec. 1010. Allocations to States. Sec. 1011. Equity grants. Sec. 1011A. Adequacy of funding rule. Sec. 1011B. Education finance incentive 
grant program. 
Sec. 1011C. Special allocation procedures. Sec. 1012. Academic assessments. 
Sec. 1013. Education of migratory children. Sec. 1014. Prevention and intervention pro-
grams for children and youth who are neglected, delinquent, or at-risk. 
Sec. 1015. General provisions. Sec. 1016. Report on subgroup sample size. Sec. 1017. Report on implementation of edu-
cational stability of children in foster care. 
Sec. 1018. Student privacy policy com-
mittee. 
Sec. 1019. Report on student home access to 
digital learning resources. 
TITLE II—HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, 
PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
Sec. 2001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 2002. Preparing, training, and recruit-
ing high-quality teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders. 
Sec. 2003. American history and civics edu-
cation. 
Sec. 2004. Literacy education. Sec. 2005. Improving science, technology, en-
gineering, and mathematics in-struction and student achieve-ment. 
Sec. 2006. General provisions. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
Sec. 3001. General provisions. 
Sec. 3002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3003. English language acquisition, lan-
guage enhancement, and aca-demic achievement. 
Sec. 3004. Other provisions. Sec. 3005. American community survey re-
search. 
TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS 
Sec. 4001. General provisions. 
Sec. 4002. Grants to States and local edu-
cational agencies. 
Sec. 4003. 21st century community learning 
centers. 
Sec. 4004. Elementary school and secondary 
school counseling programs. 
Sec. 4005. Physical education program. Sec. 4006. Family Engagement in Education 
Programs. 
TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNOVATION 
Sec. 5001. General provisions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.031 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5327 July 21, 2015 
Sec. 5002. Public charter schools. 
Sec. 5003. Magnet schools assistance. Sec. 5004. Supporting high-ability learners 
and learning. 
Sec. 5005. Education innovation and re-
search. 
Sec. 5006. Accelerated learning. Sec. 5007. Ready-to-Learn Television. Sec. 5008. Innovative technology expands 
children’s horizons (I–TECH). 
Sec. 5009. Literacy and arts education. Sec. 5010. Early learning alignment and im-
provement grants. 
Sec. 5011. Full-service community schools. Sec. 5012. Promise neighborhoods. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND 
FLEXIBILITY 
Sec. 6001. Purposes. 
Sec. 6002. Improving academic achievement. Sec. 6003. Rural education initiative. Sec. 6004. General provisions. Sec. 6005. Review relating to rural local edu-
cational agencies. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
Sec. 7001. Indian education. 
Sec. 7002. Native Hawaiian education. Sec. 7003. Alaska Native education. Sec. 7004. Native American language immer-
sion schools and programs. 
Sec. 7005. Improving Indian student data 
collection, reporting, and anal-ysis. 
Sec. 7006. Report on elementary and sec-
ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian coun-try. 
Sec. 7007. Report on responses to Indian stu-
dent suicides. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 8001. Purpose. 
Sec. 8002. Amendment to Impact Aid Im-
provement Act of 2012. 
Sec. 8003. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
Sec. 8004. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
Sec. 8005. Policies and procedures relating 
to children residing on Indian lands. 
Sec. 8006. Application for payments under 
sections 8002 and 8003. 
Sec. 8007. Construction. Sec. 8008. Facilities. Sec. 8009. State consideration of payments 
in providing State aid. 
Sec. 8010. Definitions. Sec. 8011. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 9101. Definitions. 
Sec. 9102. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
Sec. 9102A. Consolidation of State adminis-
trative funds for elementary and secondary education pro-grams. 
Sec. 9102B. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
Sec. 9103. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
Sec. 9104. Rural consolidated plan. Sec. 9105. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
Sec. 9106. Plan approval process. Sec. 9107. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
Sec. 9108. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 9109. School prayer. Sec. 9110. Prohibitions on Federal Govern-
ment and use of Federal funds. 
Sec. 9111. Armed forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
Sec. 9112. Prohibition on federally sponsored 
testing. 
Sec. 9113. Limitations on national testing or 
certification for teachers. Sec. 9114. Consultation with Indian tribes 
and tribal organizations. 
Sec. 9114A. Application for competitive 
grants from the Bureau of In-dian Education. 
Sec. 9115. Outreach and technical assistance 
for rural local educational agencies. 
Sec. 9115A. Consultation with the Governor. Sec. 9115B. Local governance. Sec. 9115C. Rule of construction regarding 
travel to and from school. 
Sec. 9116. Evaluations. Sec. 9117. Prohibition on aiding and abetting 
sexual abuse. 
TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS; OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
PART A—E
DUCATION FOR HOMELESS  
CHILDREN AND YOUTH  
Sec. 10101. Statement of policy. 
Sec. 10102. Grants for State and local activi-
ties. 
Sec. 10103. Local educational agency sub-
grants. 
Sec. 10104. Secretarial responsibilities. Sec. 10105. Definitions. Sec. 10106. Authorization of appropriations. 
PART B—O
THER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS  
Sec. 10201. Use of term ‘‘highly qualified’’ in 
other laws. 
Sec. 10202. Department staff. Sec. 10203. Report on Department actions to 
address Office of the Inspector General charter school reports. 
Sec. 10204. Comptroller General study on in-
creasing effectiveness of exist-ing services and programs in-tended to benefit children. 
Sec. 10205. Posthumous pardon. Sec. 10206. Education Flexibility Partner-
ship Act of 1999 reauthoriza-tion. 
PART C—A
MERICAN DREAM ACCOUNTS  
Sec. 10301. Short title. 
Sec. 10302. Definitions. Sec. 10303. Grant program. Sec. 10304. Applications; priority. Sec. 10305. Authorized activities. Sec. 10306. Reports and evaluations. Sec. 10307. Eligibility to receive Federal stu-
dent financial aid. 
Sec. 10308. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 10309. Report on the reduction of the 
number and percentage of stu-dents who drop out of school. 
Sec. 10310. Report on Native American lan-
guage medium education. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to enable States 
and local communities to improve and sup-port our Nation’s public schools and ensure that every child has an opportunity to achieve. 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE ELEMEN-
TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
Section 2 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
‘‘The table of contents for this Act is as 
follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 2. Table of contents. ‘‘Sec. 4. Education flexibility program. 
‘‘TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
‘‘Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. ‘‘Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘Sec. 1003. State administration. 
‘‘PART A—I
MPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS  
OPERATED BY LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1111. State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 1112. Local educational agency plans. ‘‘Sec. 1113. Eligible school attendance areas; 
schoolwide programs; targeted assistance programs. 
‘‘Sec. 1114. School identification, interven-
tions, and supports. 
‘‘Sec. 1115. Parent and family engagement. ‘‘Sec. 1116. Participation of children en-
rolled in private schools. 
‘‘Sec. 1117. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 1118. Coordination requirements. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ALLOCATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1121. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘Sec. 1122. Allocations to States. ‘‘Sec. 1123. Equity grants. ‘‘Sec. 1124. Basic grants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1124A. Concentration grants to local 
educational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125. Targeted grants to local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of funding of tar-
geted grants to local edu-cational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘Sec. 1125A. Education finance incentive 
grant program. 
‘‘Sec. 1126. Special allocation procedures. ‘‘Sec. 1127. Carryover and waiver. 
‘‘PART B—A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1201. Grants for State assessments and 
related activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1202. Grants for enhanced assessment 
instruments. 
‘‘Sec. 1203. Audits of assessment systems. ‘‘Sec. 1204. Funding. ‘‘Sec. 1205. Innovative assessment and ac-
countability demonstration au-thority. 
‘‘PART C—E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY  
CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 1301. Program purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 1303. State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 1304. State applications; services. ‘‘Sec. 1305. Secretarial approval; peer re-
view. 
‘‘Sec. 1306. Comprehensive needs assessment 
and service-delivery plan; au-thorized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1307. Bypass. ‘‘Sec. 1308. Coordination of migrant edu-
cation activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1309. Definitions. 
‘‘PART D—P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION  
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO 
ARENEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK 
‘‘Sec. 1401. Purpose and program authoriza-
tion. 
‘‘Sec. 1402. Payments for programs under 
this part. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —STATE AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1411. Eligibility. 
‘‘Sec. 1412. Allocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1413. State reallocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1414. State plan and State agency ap-
plications. 
‘‘Sec. 1415. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1416. Institution-wide projects. ‘‘Sec. 1417. Three-year programs or projects. ‘‘Sec. 1418. Transition services. ‘‘Sec. 1419. Evaluation; technical assistance; 
annual model program. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —LOCAL AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1421. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1422. Programs operated by local edu-
cational agencies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5328 July 21, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 1423. Local educational agency appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 1424. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1425. Program requirements for cor-
rectional facilities receiving funds under this section. 
‘‘Sec. 1426. Accountability. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1431. Program evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 1432. Definitions. 
‘‘PART E—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1501. Federal regulations. 
‘‘Sec. 1502. Agreements and records. ‘‘Sec. 1503. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 1504. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 1505. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACH-ERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
‘‘Sec. 2001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 2002. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2003. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART A—F
UND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF  
TEACHING AND LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 2101. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 2102. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 2103. Local use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 2104. Reporting. ‘‘Sec. 2105. National activities of dem-
onstrated effectiveness. 
‘‘Sec. 2106. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘PART B—T
EACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER  
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 2201. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2202. Teacher and school leader incen-
tive fund grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2203. Reports. 
‘‘PART C—A MERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS  
EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 2301. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 2302. Teaching of traditional Amer-
ican history. 
‘‘Sec. 2303. Presidential and congressional 
academies for American history and civics. 
‘‘Sec. 2304. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 2305. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART D—L
ITERACY EDUCATION FORALL, 
RESULTS FOR THE NATION  
‘‘Sec. 2401. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2402. Comprehensive literacy State de-
velopment grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2403. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of birth through kin-dergarten entry literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2404. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of kindergarten through grade 12 literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2405. National evaluation and informa-
tion dissemination. 
‘‘Sec. 2406. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘PART E—I
MPROVING SCIENCE , TECHNOLOGY , 
ENGINEERING , AND MATHEMATICS INSTRUC -
TION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT . 
‘‘Sec. 2501. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 2502. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2503. Grants; allotments. ‘‘Sec. 2504. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 2505. Authorized activities. ‘‘Sec. 2506. Performance metrics; report; 
evaluation. 
‘‘Sec. 2507. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 2508. Report on cybersecurity edu-
cation. 
‘‘PART F—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 2601. Rules of construction. ‘‘TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION 
FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMI-GRANT STUDENTS 
‘‘Sec. 3001. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘PART A—E
NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION , 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT , AND ACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT ACT 
‘‘Sec. 3101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 3102. Purposes. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS FOR  
ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION AND LAN -
GUAGE ENHANCEMENT  
‘‘Sec. 3111. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 3112. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive children in school. 
‘‘Sec. 3113. State and specially qualified 
agency plans. 
‘‘Sec. 3114. Within-State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 3115. Subgrants to eligible entities. ‘‘Sec. 3116. Local plans. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ACCOUNTABILITY AND  
ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 3121. Reporting. 
‘‘Sec. 3122. Reporting requirements. ‘‘Sec. 3123. Coordination with related pro-
grams. 
‘‘Sec. 3124. Rules of construction. ‘‘Sec. 3125. Legal authority under State law. ‘‘Sec. 3126. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 3127. Programs for Native Americans 
and Puerto Rico. 
‘‘Sec. 3128. Prohibition. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 3131. National professional develop-
ment project. 
‘‘PART B—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 3201. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 3202. National clearinghouse. ‘‘Sec. 3203. Regulations. 
‘‘TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS 
‘‘PART A—G
RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 4101. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4102. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4103. Formula grants to States. ‘‘Sec. 4104. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 4105. Local educational agency author-
ized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 4106. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4107. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 4108. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—21
STCENTURY COMMUNITY  
LEARNING CENTERS  
‘‘Sec. 4201. Purpose; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4202. Allotments to States. ‘‘Sec. 4203. State application. ‘‘Sec. 4204. Local competitive subgrant pro-
gram. 
‘‘Sec. 4205. Local activities. ‘‘Sec. 4206. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART C—E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL AND  
SECONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 4301. Elementary school and secondary 
school counseling programs. 
‘‘PART D—P HYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 4401. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4402. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4403. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 4404. Requirements. ‘‘Sec. 4405. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 4406. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4407. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART E—F
AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN  
EDUCATION PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 4501. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 4502. Grants authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4503. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 4504. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 4505. Family engagement in Indian 
schools. 
‘‘Sec. 4506. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNOVATION 
‘‘PART A—P
UBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 5101. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5102. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 5103. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools. 
‘‘Sec. 5104. Facilities financing assistance. ‘‘Sec. 5105. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 5106. Federal formula allocation dur-
ing first year and for successive enrollment expansions. 
‘‘Sec. 5107. Solicitation of input from char-
ter school operators. 
‘‘Sec. 5108. Records transfer. ‘‘Sec. 5109. Paperwork reduction. ‘‘Sec. 5110. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5111. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—M
AGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE  
‘‘Sec. 5201. Findings and purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 5202. Definition. ‘‘Sec. 5203. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 5204. Eligibility. ‘‘Sec. 5205. Applications and requirements. ‘‘Sec. 5206. Priority. ‘‘Sec. 5207. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 5208. Limitations. ‘‘Sec. 5209. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservation. 
‘‘PART C—S
UPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY  
LEARNERS AND LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 5301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5302. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5303. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 5304. Authorized programs. ‘‘Sec. 5305. Program priorities. ‘‘Sec. 5306. General provisions. ‘‘Sec. 5307. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART D—E
DUCATION INNOVATION AND  
RESEARCH  
‘‘Sec. 5401. Grants for education innovation 
and research. 
‘‘PART E—A CCELERATED LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 5501. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5502. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 5503. Funding distribution rule. ‘‘Sec. 5504. Accelerated learning examina-
tion fee program. 
‘‘Sec. 5505. Accelerated learning incentive 
program grants. 
‘‘Sec. 5506. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 5507. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5508. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART F—R
EADY -TO-LEARN TELEVISION  
‘‘Sec. 5601. Ready-To-Learn. 
‘‘PART G—I NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EXPANDS  
CHILDREN ’SHORIZONS (I–TECH) 
‘‘Sec. 5701. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 5702. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5702A. Restriction. ‘‘Sec. 5703. Technology grants program au-
thorized. 
‘‘Sec. 5704. State applications. ‘‘Sec. 5705. State use of grant funds. ‘‘Sec. 5706. Local subgrants. ‘‘Sec. 5707. Reporting. ‘‘Sec. 5708. Authorization. 
‘‘PART H—L
ITERACY AND ARTSEDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 5801. Literacy and arts education. 
‘‘PART I—E ARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS  
‘‘Sec. 5901. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 5902. Early learning alignment and im-
provement grants. 
‘‘Sec. 5903. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART J—I NNOVATION SCHOOLS  
DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY  
‘‘Sec. 5910. Innovation schools. 
‘‘PART K—F ULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY  
SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 5911. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5912. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 5913. Definition of full-service commu-
nity school. 
‘‘Sec. 5914. Local programs. ‘‘Sec. 5915. State programs. ‘‘Sec. 5916. Advisory committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5329 July 21, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 5917. General provisions. 
‘‘Sec. 5918. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART L—P ROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS  
‘‘Sec. 5910. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5911. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5912. Pipeline services defined. ‘‘Sec. 5913. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 5914. Eligible entities. ‘‘Sec. 5915. Application requirements. ‘‘Sec. 5916. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 5917. Report and publicly available 
data. 
‘‘Sec. 5918. Performance accountability and 
evaluation. 
‘‘Sec. 5919. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 5920. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE VI—FLEXIBILITY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
‘‘Sec. 6001. Purposes. 
‘‘PART A—I
MPROVING ACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —FUNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR  
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 6111. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6112. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 6113. Transferability of funds. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —WEIGHTED STUDENT FUNDING  
FLEXIBILITY PILOT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6121. Weighted student funding flexi-
bility pilot program. 
‘‘PART B—R URAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE  
‘‘Sec. 6201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6202. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —SMALL , RURAL SCHOOL  
ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6211. Use of applicable funding. 
‘‘Sec. 6212. Grant program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6213. Academic achievement assess-
ments. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —RURAL AND LOW -INCOME SCHOOL  
PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6221. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 6222. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 6223. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 6224. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 6225. Choice of participation. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6231. Annual average daily attendance 
determination. 
‘‘Sec. 6232. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 6233. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 6234. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART C—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6301. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 6302. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
‘‘PART A—I NDIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7101. Statement of policy. 
‘‘Sec. 7102. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —FORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 7111. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 7112. Grants to local educational agen-
cies and tribes. 
‘‘Sec. 7113. Amount of grants. ‘‘Sec. 7114. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 7115. Authorized services and activi-
ties. 
‘‘Sec. 7116. Integration of services author-
ized. 
‘‘Sec. 7117. Student eligibility forms. ‘‘Sec. 7118. Payments. ‘‘Sec. 7119. State educational agency review. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND  
PROJECTS TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 7121. Improvement of educational op-
portunities for Indian children and youth. ‘‘Sec. 7122. Professional development for 
teachers and education profes-sionals. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 7131. National research activities. 
‘‘Sec. 7135. Grants to tribes for education ad-
ministrative planning, develop-ment, and coordination. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 7141. National Advisory Council on In-
dian Education. 
‘‘Sec. 7142. Peer review. ‘‘Sec. 7143. Preference for Indian applicants. ‘‘Sec. 7144. Minimum grant criteria. 
‘‘
SUBPART 5 —DEFINITIONS ; AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 7151. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 7152. Authorizations of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—N ATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 7202. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 7203. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 7204. Native Hawaiian Education 
Council. 
‘‘Sec. 7205. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 7206. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 7207. Definitions. 
‘‘PART C—A
LASKA NATIVE EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 7302. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 7303. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 7304. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 7305. Funds for administrative pur-
poses. 
‘‘Sec. 7306. Definitions. 
‘‘PART D—N
ATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA  
NATIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND  
PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 7401. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive language immersion schools and programs. 
‘‘TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
‘‘Sec. 8001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 8002. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
‘‘Sec. 8003. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
‘‘Sec. 8004. Policies and procedures relating 
to children residing on Indian lands. 
‘‘Sec. 8005. Application for payments under 
sections 8002 and 8003. 
‘‘Sec. 8007. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 8008. Facilities. ‘‘Sec. 8009. State consideration of payments 
in providing State aid. 
‘‘Sec. 8010. Federal administration. ‘‘Sec. 8011. Administrative hearings and ju-
dicial review. 
‘‘Sec. 8012. Forgiveness of overpayments. ‘‘Sec. 8013. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8014. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘PART A—D
EFINITIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9101. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 9102. Applicability of title. ‘‘Sec. 9103. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
‘‘PART B—F
LEXIBILITY IN THE USE OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER FUNDS  
‘‘Sec. 9201. Consolidation of State adminis-
trative funds for elementary and secondary education pro-grams. 
‘‘Sec. 9202. Single local educational agency 
States. 
‘‘Sec. 9203. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
‘‘Sec. 9204. Consolidated set-aside for De-
partment of the Interior funds. 
‘‘PART C—C
OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CON-
SOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND  
APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9301. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 9302. Optional consolidated State 
plans or applications. 
‘‘Sec. 9303. Consolidated reporting. ‘‘Sec. 9304. General applicability of State 
educational agency assurances. 
‘‘Sec. 9305. Consolidated local plans or appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 9306. Other general assurances. 
‘‘PART D—W
AIVERS  
‘‘Sec. 9401. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
‘‘PART E—A PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF  
STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9451. Approval and disapproval of 
State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 9452. Approval and disapproval of local 
educational agency applica-tions. 
‘‘PART F—U
NIFORM PROVISIONS  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —PRIVATE SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 9501. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 9502. Standards for by-pass. ‘‘Sec. 9503. Complaint process for participa-
tion of private school children. 
‘‘Sec. 9504. By-pass determination process. ‘‘Sec. 9505. Prohibition against funds for re-
ligious worship or instruction. 
‘‘Sec. 9506. Private, religious, and home 
schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —OTHER PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9521. Maintenance of effort. 
‘‘Sec. 9522. Prohibition regarding State aid. ‘‘Sec. 9523. Privacy of assessment results. ‘‘Sec. 9524. School prayer. ‘‘Sec. 9525. Equal access to public school fa-
cilities. 
‘‘Sec. 9526. General prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 9527. Prohibitions on Federal Govern-
ment and use of Federal funds. 
‘‘Sec. 9528. Armed Forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
‘‘Sec. 9529. Prohibition on federally spon-
sored testing. 
‘‘Sec. 9530. Limitations on national testing 
or certification for teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 9531. Prohibition on nationwide data-
base. 
‘‘Sec. 9532. Unsafe school choice option. ‘‘Sec. 9533. Prohibition on discrimination. ‘‘Sec. 9534. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 9535. Rulemaking. ‘‘Sec. 9536. Severability. ‘‘Sec. 9537. Transfer of school disciplinary 
records. 
‘‘Sec. 9538. Consultation with Indian tribes 
and tribal organizations. 
‘‘Sec. 9539. Prohibition on aiding and abet-
ting sexual abuse. 
‘‘Sec. 9539A. Application for competitive 
grants from the Bureau of In-dian Education. 
‘‘Sec. 9539B. Outreach and technical assist-
ance for rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 9539C. Rule of construction regarding 
travel to and from school. 
‘‘Sec. 9540. Consultation with the Governor. ‘‘Sec. 9540A. Local governance. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —TEACHER LIABILITY PROTECTION  
‘‘Sec. 9541. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 9542. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 9543. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 9544. Applicability. ‘‘Sec. 9545. Preemption and election of State 
nonapplicability. 
‘‘Sec. 9546. Limitation on liability for teach-
ers. 
‘‘Sec. 9547. Allocation of responsibility for 
noneconomic loss. 
‘‘Sec. 9548. Effective date. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —INTERNET SAFETY  
‘‘Sec. 9551. Internet safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5330 July 21, 2015 
‘‘SUBPART 5 —GUN POSSESSION  
‘‘Sec. 9561. Gun-free requirements. 
‘‘SUBPART 6 —ENVIRONMENTAL TOBACCO SMOKE  
‘‘Sec. 9571. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 9572. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 9573. Nonsmoking policy for children’s 
services. 
‘‘Sec. 9574. Preemption. 
‘‘PART G—E
VALUATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9601. Evaluations.’’. TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 1001 (20 U.S.C. 6301) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to ensure that 
all children have a fair, equitable, and sig-nificant opportunity to receive a high-qual-ity education that prepares them for postsec-ondary education or the workforce, without the need for postsecondary remediation, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’. 
SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY GRANTS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out part A, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ASSESSMENTS .—For the purpose 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN .— 
For the purpose of carrying out part C, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
NEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK.—For 
the purpose of carrying out part D, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purpose 
of carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section 9601, there are au-thorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(f) S
CHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT .— 
For the purpose of carrying out section 1114, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 1003. SCHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT 
AND STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking section 1003; (2) by redesignating section 1004 as section 
1003; and 
(3) in section 1003, as redesignated by para-
graph (2), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State may reserve 
not more than 4 percent of the amount the State receives under subpart 2 of part A for a fiscal year to carry out paragraph (2) and to carry out the State educational agency’s responsibilities under section 1114(a), includ-ing carrying out the State educational agen-cy’s statewide system of technical assistance and support for local educational agencies. 
‘‘(2) U
SES.—Of the amount reserved under 
paragraph (1) for any fiscal year, the State educational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall use not less than 95 percent of 
such amount by allocating such sums di-rectly to local educational agencies for ac-
tivities required under section 1114; or 
‘‘(B) may, with the approval of the local 
educational agency, directly provide for such activities or arrange for their provision through other entities such as school support teams, educational service agencies, or other nonprofit or for-profit organizations that use evidence-based strategies to improve student achievement, teaching, and schools. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The State educational 
agency, in allocating funds to local edu-cational agencies under this subsection, shall give priority to local educational agen-cies that— 
‘‘(A) serve the lowest-performing elemen-
tary schools and secondary schools, as iden-tified by the State under section 1114; 
‘‘(B) demonstrate the greatest need for 
such funds, as determined by the State; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrate the strongest commit-
ment to using evidence-based interventions to enable the lowest-performing schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
‘‘(4) U
NUSED FUNDS .—If, after consultation 
with local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency determines that the amount of funds reserved to carry out this subsection for a fiscal year is great-er than the amount needed to provide the as-sistance described in this subsection, the State educational agency shall allocate the excess amount to local educational agencies in accordance with— 
‘‘(A) the relative allocations the State edu-
cational agency made to those agencies for that fiscal year under subpart 2 of part A; or 
‘‘(B) section 1126(c). ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this subsection, the amount of funds reserved by the State edu-cational agency under this subsection for any fiscal year shall not decrease the amount of funds each local educational agen-cy receives under subpart 2 of part A below the amount received by such local edu-cational agency under such subpart for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORTING .—Each State educational 
agency shall make publicly available a list of those schools that have received funds or services pursuant to this subsection and the percentage of students from each such school from families with incomes below the pov-erty line.’’. 
SEC. 1004. BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 
et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 1111 through 1117 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary a plan, developed by the State edu-cational agency with timely and meaningful consultation with the Governor, representa-tives of the State legislature and State board of education (if the State has a State board of education), local educational agencies (in-cluding those located in rural areas), rep-resentatives of Indian tribes located in the State, teachers, principals, other school leaders, public charter school representa-tives (if applicable), specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals (includ-ing organizations representing such individ-uals), administrators, other staff, and par-ents, that— 
‘‘(A) is coordinated with other programs 
under this Act, the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development 
Block Grant Act of 1990, the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the Education Technical Assistance Act, the National As-sessment of Educational Progress Authoriza-tion Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act; and 
‘‘(B) describes how the State will imple-
ment evidence-based strategies for improv-ing student achievement under this title and disseminate that information to local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan 
submitted under paragraph (1) may be sub-mitted as part of a consolidated plan under section 9302. 
‘‘(3) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP -
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a peer-review process to as-
sist in the review of State plans; 
‘‘(ii) establish multidisciplinary peer-re-
view teams and appoint members of such teams that— 
‘‘(I) are representative of teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, and individuals and researchers with practical experience in implementing aca-demic standards, assessments, or account-ability systems, and meeting the needs of disadvantaged students, children with dis-abilities, students who are English learners, the needs of low-performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
‘‘(II) include a balanced representation of 
individuals who have practical experience in the classroom, school administration, or State or local government, such as direct employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency within the preceding 5 years; and 
‘‘(III) represent a regionally diverse cross- 
section of States; 
‘‘(iii) make available to the public, includ-
ing by such means as posting to the Depart-ment’s website, the list of peer reviewers who will review State plans under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(iv) ensure that the peer-review teams are 
comprised of varied individuals so that the same peer reviewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; and 
‘‘(v) deem a State plan as approved within 
90 days of its submission unless the Sec-retary presents substantial evidence that clearly demonstrates that such State plan does not meet the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF PEER REVIEW .—The peer- 
review process shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) maximize collaboration with each 
State; 
‘‘(ii) promote effective implementation of 
the challenging State academic standards through State and local innovation; and 
‘‘(iii) provide publicly available, timely, 
and objective feedback to States designed to strengthen the technical and overall quality of the State plans. 
‘‘(C) S
TANDARD AND NATURE OF REVIEW .— 
Peer reviewers shall conduct an objective re-view of State plans in their totality and out of respect for State and local judgments, with the goal of supporting State- and local- led innovation and providing objective feed-back on the technical and overall quality of a State plan. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed as prohib-iting the Secretary from appointing an indi-vidual to serve as a peer reviewer on more than one peer-review team under subpara-graph (A) or to review more than one State plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5331 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(4) S TATE PLAN DETERMINATION , DEM-
ONSTRATION , AND REVISION .—If the Secretary 
determines that a State plan does not meet the requirements of this subsection or sub-section (b) or (c), the Secretary shall, prior to declining to approve the State plan— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of such 
determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific requirements of this subsection or subsection (b) or (c) of the State plan that the Secretary determines fails to meet such requirements; 
‘‘(C) provide all peer-review comments, 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns in writing to the State; 
‘‘(D) offer the State an opportunity to re-
vise and resubmit its plan within 60 days of such determination, including the chance for the State to present substantial evidence to clearly demonstrate that the State plan 
meets the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(E) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State to meet the requirements of this sub-section or subsection (b) or (c); and 
‘‘(F) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of such resubmission, with public notice provided not less than 15 days before such hearing, unless the State declines the oppor-tunity for such public hearing. 
‘‘(5) S
TATE PLAN DISAPPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary shall have the authority to disapprove a State plan if the State has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and sub-mit with technical assistance under para-graph (4), and— 
‘‘(A) the State does not revise and resub-
mit its plan; or 
‘‘(B) the State revises and resubmits a plan 
that the Secretary determines does not meet the requirements of this part after a hearing conducted under paragraph (4)(F), if applica-ble. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan or re-visions or amendments to the State plan, to— 
‘‘(i) include in, or delete from, such plan 1 
or more specific elements of the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) use specific academic assessment in-
struments or items; 
‘‘(iii) set specific State-designed goals or 
specific timelines for such goals for all stu-dents or each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(iv) assign any specific weight or specific 
significance to any measures or indicators of student academic achievement or growth within State-designed accountability sys-tems; 
‘‘(v) include in, or delete from, such a plan 
any criterion that specifies, defines, or pre-scribes— 
‘‘(I) the standards or measures that States 
or local educational agencies use to estab-lish, implement, or improve challenging State academic standards, including the con-tent of, or achievement levels within, such standards; 
‘‘(II) the specific types of academic assess-
ments or assessment items that States and local educational agencies use to meet the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(III) any requirement that States shall 
measure student growth, the specific metrics used to measure student academic growth if a State chooses to measure student growth, or the specific indicators or methods to measure student readiness to enter postsec-ondary education or the workforce; 
‘‘(IV) any specific benchmarks, targets, 
goals, or metrics to measure nonacademic measures or indicators; ‘‘(V) the specific weight or specific signifi-
cance of any measure or indicator of student academic achievement within State-designed accountability systems; 
‘‘(VI) the specific goals States establish for 
student academic achievement or high school graduation rates, as described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of subsection (b)(3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(VII) any aspect or parameter of a teach-
er, principal, or other school leader evalua-tion system within a State or local edu-cational agency; or 
‘‘(VIII) indicators or specific measures of 
teacher, principal, or other school leader ef-fectiveness or quality; or 
‘‘(vi) require data collection beyond data 
derived from existing Federal, State, and local reporting requirements and data sources. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed as author-
izing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or in-formation to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under Federal law. 
‘‘(7) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—All written commu-
nications, feedback, and notifications under this subsection shall be conducted in a man-ner that is transparent and immediately made available to the public through the website of the Department, including— 
‘‘(A) plans submitted or resubmitted by a 
State; 
‘‘(B) peer-review comments; ‘‘(C) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals; and 
‘‘(D) notices and transcripts of public hear-
ings under this section. 
‘‘(8) D
URATION OF THE PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(i) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this part or 7 years, whichever is shorter; and 
‘‘(ii) be periodically reviewed and revised 
as necessary by the State educational agen-cy to reflect changes in the State’s strate-gies and programs under this part. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a State makes signifi-
cant changes to its plan at any time, such as the adoption of new challenging State aca-demic standards, new academic assessments, or changes to its accountability system under subsection (b)(3), such information shall be submitted to the Secretary in the form of revisions or amendments to the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW OF REVISED PLANS .—The Sec-
retary shall review the information sub-mitted under clause (i) and approve or dis-approve changes to the State plan within 90 days in accordance with paragraphs (4) through (6) without undertaking the peer-re-view process under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR STANDARDS .—If a 
State makes changes to its challenging State academic standards, the requirements of subsection (b)(1), including the require-ment that such standards need not be sub-mitted to the Secretary pursuant to sub-section (b)(1)(A), shall still apply. 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL .—A State educational agen-
cy shall submit a revised plan every 7 years subject to the peer-review process under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to place any new condi-tions, requirements, or criteria for approval of a plan submitted for renewal under sub-paragraph (C) that are not otherwise author-ized under this part. 
‘‘(9) F
AILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, then the Secretary may with-hold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that 
the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
‘‘(10) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Each State shall 
make the State plan publicly available for public comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in a com-puter friendly and easily accessible format, prior to submission to the Secretary for ap-proval under this subsection. The State shall provide an assurance that public comments were taken into account in the development of the State plan. 
‘‘(b) C
HALLENGING STATE ACADEMIC STAND -
ARDS , ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS , ANDACCOUNT -
ABILITY SYSTEMS .— 
‘‘(1) C HALLENGING STATE ACADEMIC STAND -
ARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State shall provide 
an assurance that the State has adopted challenging academic content standards and aligned academic achievement standards (re-ferred to in this Act as ‘challenging State academic standards’), which achievement standards shall include not less than 3 levels of achievement, that will be used by the State, its local educational agencies, and its schools to carry out this part. A State shall not be required to submit such challenging State academic standards to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) S
AME STANDARDS .—Except as provided 
in subparagraph (E), the standards required by subparagraph (A) shall be the same stand-ards that the State applies to all public schools and public school students in the State. 
‘‘(C) S
UBJECTS .—The State shall have such 
standards in mathematics, reading or lan-guage arts, and science, and any other sub-jects as determined by the State, which shall include the same knowledge, skills, and lev-els of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
‘‘(D) A
LIGNMENT .—Each State shall dem-
onstrate that the challenging State aca-demic standards are aligned with— 
‘‘(i) entrance requirements, without the 
need for academic remediation, for the sys-tem of public higher education in the State; 
‘‘(ii) relevant State career and technical 
education standards; and 
‘‘(iii) relevant State early learning guide-
lines, as required under section 658E(c)(2)(T) 
of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858c(c)(2)(T)). 
‘‘(E) A
LTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIG -
NIFICANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State may, through 
a documented and validated standards-set-ting process, adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, pro-vided those standards— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic content standards under subpara-graph (A); 
‘‘(II) promote access to the general cur-
riculum, consistent with the purposes of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, as stated in section 601(d) of such Act; 
‘‘(III) reflect professional judgment of the 
highest achievement standards attainable by those students; 
‘‘(IV) are designated in the individualized 
education program developed under section 614(d)(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act for each such student as the academic achievement standards that will be used for the student; and 
‘‘(V) are aligned to ensure that a student 
who meets the alternate academic achieve-ment standards is on track for further edu-cation or employment. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROHIBITION ON ANY OTHER ALTERNATE  
OR MODIFIED ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—A State shall not develop, or imple-
ment for use under this part, any alternate academic achievement standards for children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5332 July 21, 2015 
with disabilities that are not alternate aca-
demic achievement standards that meet the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(F) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY  
STANDARDS .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State has adopted English language proficiency standards that are aligned with the challenging State academic standards under subparagraph (A). Such standards shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure proficiency in each of the do-
mains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing; 
‘‘(ii) address the different proficiency lev-
els of children who are English learners; and 
‘‘(iii) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards in reading or language arts, so that achieving proficiency in the State’s English language proficiency stand-ards indicates a sufficient knowledge of English to measure validly and reliably the 
student’s achievement on the State’s reading or language arts standards. 
‘‘(G) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S TANDARDS REVIEW OR APPROVAL .—A 
State shall not be required to submit any standards developed under this subsection to the Secretary for review or approval. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL CONTROL .—The Secretary 
shall not have the authority to mandate, di-rect, control, coerce, or exercise any direc-tion or supervision over any of the chal-lenging State academic standards adopted or implemented by a State. 
‘‘(H) E
XISTING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
part shall prohibit a State from revising, consistent with this section, any standard adopted under this part before or after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State educational agency, in consultation with local edu-cational agencies, has implemented a set of high-quality statewide academic assess-ments that— 
‘‘(i) includes, at a minimum, academic 
statewide assessments in mathematics, read-ing or language arts, and science; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subpara-
graph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The assessments 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph 
(D), be— 
‘‘(I) the same academic assessments used 
to measure the achievement of all public ele-mentary school and secondary school stu-dents in the State; and 
‘‘(II) administered to all public elementary 
school and secondary school students in the State; 
‘‘(ii) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards, and provide coherent and timely information about student at-tainment of such standards and whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level; 
‘‘(iii) be used for purposes for which such 
assessments are valid and reliable, con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical testing standards, objectively measure academic achievement, knowledge, and skills, and be tests that do not evaluate or assess personal or family be-liefs and attitudes, or publicly disclose per-sonally identifiable information; 
‘‘(iv) be of adequate technical quality for 
each purpose required under this Act and consistent with the requirements of this sec-tion, the evidence of which is made public, including on the website of the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(v)(I) measure the annual academic 
achievement of all students against the chal-lenging State academic standards in, at a minimum, mathematics and reading or lan-
guage arts, and be administered— 
‘‘(aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12; 
and 
‘‘(II) measure the academic achievement of 
all students against the challenging State academic standards in science, and be ad-ministered not less than one time, during— 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; ‘‘(vi) involve multiple up-to-date measures 
of student academic achievement, including measures that assess higher-order thinking skills and understanding, which may include measures of student academic growth and may be partially delivered in the form of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks; 
‘‘(vii) provide for— ‘‘(I) the participation in such assessments 
of all students; 
‘‘(II) the appropriate accommodations, 
such as interoperability with and ability to use assistive technology, for children with disabilities, as defined in section 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, and students with a disability who are pro-vided accommodations under an Act other than the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, necessary to measure the aca-demic achievement of such children relative to the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(III) the inclusion of English learners, 
who shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner and provided appropriate accom-modations on assessments administered to such students under this paragraph, includ-ing, to the extent practicable, assessments in the language and form most likely to yield accurate data on what such students know and can do in academic content areas, until such students have achieved English lan-guage proficiency, as determined under para-graph (1)(F); 
‘‘(viii) at the State’s choosing— ‘‘(I) be administered through a single 
summative assessment; or 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple 
statewide assessments during the course of the year if the State can demonstrate that the results of these multiple assessments, taken in their totality, provide a summative score that provides valid and reliable infor-mation on individual student achievement or growth; 
‘‘(ix) notwithstanding clause (vii)(III), pro-
vide for assessments (using tests in English) of reading or language arts of any student 
who has attended school in the United States (not including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that if the local educational agency determines, on a case-by-case individual basis, that academic assessments in another language or form would likely yield more ac-curate and reliable information on what such student knows and can do, the local edu-cational agency may make a determination to assess such student in the appropriate language other than English for a period that does not exceed 2 additional consecutive years, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language pro-ficiency sufficient to yield valid and reliable information on what such student knows and can do on tests (written in English) of read-ing or language arts; 
‘‘(x) produce individual student interpre-
tive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports, con-sistent with clause (iii), that allow parents, teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and address the specific aca-demic needs of students, and include infor-mation regarding achievement on academic assessments aligned with challenging State academic achievement standards, and that 
are provided to parents, teachers, principals, and other school leaders as soon as is prac-ticable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and, to the extent practicable, in a language that the parents can understand; 
‘‘(xi) enable results to be disaggregated 
within each State, local educational agency, and school, by— 
‘‘(I) each major racial and ethnic group; ‘‘(II) economically disadvantaged students 
as compared to students who are not eco-nomically disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) children with disabilities as com-
pared to children without disabilities; 
‘‘(IV) English proficiency status; ‘‘(V) gender; and ‘‘(VI) migrant status; ‘‘(xii) enable itemized score analyses to be 
produced and reported, consistent with 
clause (iii), to local educational agencies and schools, so that parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators can interpret and address the specific academic needs of students as indicated by the stu-dents’ achievement on assessment items; and 
‘‘(xiii) be developed, to the extent prac-
ticable, using the principles of universal de-sign for learning. 
‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION TO DISAGGREGATION .—Not-
withstanding subparagraph (B)(xi), the disaggregated results of assessments shall not be required in the case of a local edu-cational agency or school if— 
‘‘(i) the number of students in a category 
described under subparagraph (B)(xi) is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation; or 
‘‘(ii) the results would reveal personally 
identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS FOR STU -
DENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT COGNITIVE  
DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) A LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS ALIGNED WITH  
ALTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—A State may provide for alternate as-
sessments aligned with the challenging State academic content standards and alternate academic achievement standards described in paragraph (1)(E) for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, if the State— 
‘‘(I) ensures that for each subject, the total 
number of students assessed in such subject using the alternate assessments does not ex-ceed 1 percent of the total number of all stu-dents in the State who are assessed in such subject; 
‘‘(II) establishes and monitors implementa-
tion of clear and appropriate guidelines for individualized education program teams (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(B) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act) to apply in determining, individually for each subject, when a child’s significant cognitive disability justifies assessment based on al-ternate academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(III) ensures that, consistent with the re-
quirements of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, parents are involved in the decision to use the alternate assessment for their child; 
‘‘(IV) ensures that, consistent with the re-
quirements of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, students with the most significant cognitive disabilities are involved in and make progress in the general edu-cation curriculum; 
‘‘(V) describes in the State plan the appro-
priate accommodations provided to ensure access to the alternate assessment; 
‘‘(VI) describes in the State plan the steps 
the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5333 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(VII) ensures that general and special 
education teachers and other appropriate staff know how to administer assessments, including making appropriate use of accom-modations, to children with disabilities; 
‘‘(VIII) develops, disseminates information 
on, and promotes the use of appropriate ac-commodations to increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities participating in academic instruction and assessments and increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities who are tested against challenging State academic achievement standards; and 
‘‘(IX) ensures that students who take alter-
nate assessments based on alternate aca-demic achievement standards are not pre-cluded from attempting to complete the re-quirements for a regular high school di-ploma. 
‘‘(ii) S
TUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT  
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .—In determining the 
achievement of students in the State ac-countability system, a State educational agency shall include, for all schools in the State, the performance of the State’s stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities on alternate assessments as de-scribed in this subparagraph in the subjects included in the State’s accountability sys-tem, consistent with the 1 percent limitation of clause (i)(I). 
‘‘(E) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—If a State edu-
cational agency provides evidence, which is satisfactory to the Secretary, that neither the State educational agency nor any other State government official, agency, or entity has sufficient authority, under State law, to adopt challenging State academic standards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which will be applicable to all students enrolled in the State’s public ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, then the State educational agency may meet the requirements of this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting academic standards and aca-
demic assessments that meet the require-ments of this subsection, on a statewide basis, and limiting their applicability to stu-dents served under this part; or 
‘‘(ii) adopting and implementing policies 
that ensure that each local educational agency in the State that receives grants under this part will adopt academic content and student academic achievement stand-ards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which— 
‘‘(I) meet all of the criteria in this sub-
section and any regulations regarding such standards and assessments that the Sec-retary may publish; and 
‘‘(II) are applicable to all students served 
by each such local educational agency. 
‘‘(F) L
ANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .—Each State 
plan shall identify the languages other than English that are present to a significant ex-tent in the participating student population of the State and indicate the languages for which annual student academic assessments are not available and are needed, and such State shall make every effort to develop such assessments as necessary. 
‘‘(G) A
SSESSMENTS OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE  
PROFICIENCY .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that local educational agencies in the State will provide for an annual assess-ment of English proficiency, which is valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant na-tionally recognized professional and tech-nical testing standards measuring students’ speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills in English, of all children who are English learners in the schools served by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(H) D
EFERRAL .—A State may defer the 
commencement, or suspend the administra-tion, but not cease the development, of the assessments described in this paragraph, for 1 year for each year for which the amount 
appropriated for grants under part B is less than $369,100,000. 
‘‘(I) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING USE  
OF ASSESSMENTS FOR STUDENT PROMOTION OR  
GRADUATION .—Nothing in this paragraph 
shall be construed to prescribe or prohibit the use of the academic assessments de-scribed in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes. 
‘‘(J) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING AS -
SESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit a State from devel-oping and administering computer adaptive assessments as the assessments described in this paragraph, as long as the computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this para-
graph; and 
‘‘(II) assess the student’s academic 
achievement in order to measure, in the sub-ject being assessed, whether the student is performing above or below the student’s grade level. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY TO ALTERNATE ASSESS -
MENTS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFI -
CANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .—In developing 
and administering computer adaptive assess-ments as the assessments allowed under sub-paragraph (D), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (D), except such assessments shall not be required to meet the requirements of clause (i)(II); and 
‘‘(II) assess the student’s academic 
achievement in order to measure, in the sub-ject being assessed, whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level. 
‘‘(K) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PARENT AND  
GUARDIAN RIGHTS .—Nothing in this part shall 
be construed as preempting a State or local law regarding the decision of a parent or guardian to not have the parent or guard-ian’s child participate in the statewide aca-demic assessments under this paragraph. 
‘‘(L) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT TIME .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing an allocation under this part for any fis-cal year, each State shall— 
‘‘(I) set a limit on the aggregate amount of 
time devoted to the administration of assess-ments (including assessments adopted pursu-ant to this subsection, other assessments re-quired by the State, and assessments re-quired districtwide by the local educational agency) for each grade, expressed as a per-centage of annual instructional hours; and 
‘‘(II) ensure that each local educational 
agency in the State will notify the parents of each student attending any school in the local educational agency, on an annual basis, whenever the limitation described in sub-clause (I) is exceeded. 
‘‘(ii) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES AND  
ENGLISH LEARNERS .—Nothing in clause (i) 
shall be construed to supersede the require-ments of Federal law relating to assessments that apply specifically to children with dis-abilities or English learners. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) C ATEGORY OF STUDENTS .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘category of students’ means— 
‘‘(i) economically disadvantaged students; ‘‘(ii) students from major racial and ethnic 
groups; 
‘‘(iii) children with disabilities; and ‘‘(iv) English learner students. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF SYSTEM .—Each State 
plan shall describe a single, statewide State accountability system that will be based on the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State in mathematics and reading or language arts under paragraph (1)(C) to ensure that all students graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary 
education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation and at a min-imum complies with the following: 
‘‘(i) Establishes measurable State-designed 
goals for all students and each of the cat-egories of students in the State that take into account the progress necessary for all students and each of the categories of stu-dents to graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the work-force without the need for postsecondary re-mediation, for, at a minimum each of the following: 
‘‘(I) Academic achievement, which may in-
clude student growth, on the State assess-ments under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I). 
‘‘(II) High school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(aa) the 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate; and 
‘‘(bb) at the State’s discretion, the ex-
tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(ii) Annually measures and reports on the 
following indicators: 
‘‘(I) The academic achievement of all pub-
lic school students in all public schools and local educational agencies in the State to-wards meeting the goals described in clause (i) and the challenging State academic standards for all students and for each of the categories of students using student per-formance on State assessments required under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), which may in-clude measures of student academic growth to such standards. 
‘‘(II) The academic success of all public 
school students in all public schools and local educational agencies in the State, that is, with respect to— 
‘‘(aa) elementary schools and secondary 
schools that are not high schools, an aca-demic indicator, as determined by the State, that is the same statewide for all public ele-mentary school students and all students at such secondary schools, and each category of students; and 
‘‘(bb) high schools, the high school gradua-
tion rates of all public high school students in all public high schools in the State toward meeting the goals described in clause (i), for all students and for each of the categories of students, including the 4-year adjusted co-hort graduation rate and at the State’s dis-cretion, the extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(III) English language proficiency of all 
English learners in all public schools and local educational agencies, which may in-clude measures of student growth. 
‘‘(IV) Not less than one other valid and re-
liable indicator of school quality, student success, or student supports, as determined appropriate by the State, that will be applied to all local educational agencies and schools consistently throughout the State for all students and for each of the categories of students, which may include measures of— 
‘‘(aa) student readiness to enter postsec-
ondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation, which may include— 
‘‘(AA) measures that integrate preparation 
for postsecondary education and the work-force, including performance in coursework sequences that integrate rigorous academics, work-based learning, and career and tech-nical education; 
‘‘(BB) measures of a high-quality and ac-
celerated academic program as determined appropriate by the State, which may include the percentage of students who participate in a State-approved career and technical pro-gram of study as described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and meas-ures of technical skill attainment and place-ment described in section 113(b) of such Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5334 July 21, 2015 
and reported by the State in a manner con-
sistent with section 113(c) of such Act, or other substantially similar measures; 
‘‘(CC) student performance on assessments 
aligned with the expectations for first-year postsecondary education success; 
‘‘(DD) student performance on admissions 
tests for postsecondary education; 
‘‘(EE) student performance on assessments 
of career readiness and acquisition of indus-try-recognized credentials that meet the quality criteria established by the State under section 123(a) of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); 
‘‘(FF) student enrollment rates in postsec-
ondary education; 
‘‘(GG) measures of student remediation in 
postsecondary education; and 
‘‘(HH) measures of student credit accumu-
lation in postsecondary education; 
‘‘(bb) student engagement, such as attend-
ance rates and chronic absenteeism (includ-ing both excused and unexcused absences); 
‘‘(cc) educator engagement, such as educa-
tor satisfaction (including working condi-tions within the school), teacher quality and effectiveness, and teacher absenteeism; 
‘‘(dd) results from student, parent, and ed-
ucator surveys; 
‘‘(ee) school climate and safety, such as in-
cidents of school violence, bullying, and har-assment, and disciplinary rates, including rates of suspension, expulsion, referrals to law enforcement, school-related arrests, dis-ciplinary transfers (including placements in alternative schools), and student detentions; 
‘‘(ff) student access to or success in ad-
vanced coursework or educational programs or opportunities, which may include partici-pation and performance in Advanced Place-ment, International Baccalaureate, dual en-rollment, and early college high school pro-grams; and 
‘‘(gg) any other State-determined measure 
of school quality or student success. 
‘‘(iii) Establishes a system of annually 
identifying and meaningfully differentiating among all public schools in the State, which shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on all indicators in the 
State’s accountability system under clause (ii) for all students and for each of the cat-egories of students; and 
‘‘(II) use the indicators described in sub-
clauses (I) and (II) of clause (ii) as substan-tial factors in the annual identification of schools, and the weight of such factors shall be determined by the State. 
‘‘(iv) For public schools receiving assist-
ance under this part, meets the requirements of section 1114. 
‘‘(v) Provides a clear and understandable 
explanation of the method of identifying and meaningfully differentiating schools under clause (iii). 
‘‘(vi) Measures the annual progress of not 
less than 95 percent of all students, and stu-dents in each of the categories of students, who are enrolled in the school and are re-quired to take the assessments under para-graph (2) and provides a clear and under-standable explanation of how the State will factor this requirement into the State-de-signed accountability system determina-tions. 
‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS .—A 
State may choose to— 
‘‘(A) exclude a recently arrived English 
learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the Dis-trict of Columbia for less than 12 months from one administration of the reading or language arts assessment required under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) exclude the results of a recently ar-
rived English learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Columbia for less than 12 months on the assessments under 
paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), except for the results on the English language proficiency assess-ments required under paragraph (2)(G), for the first year of the English learner’s enroll-ment in a school in the United States for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system under this subsection; and 
‘‘(C) include the results on the assessments 
under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), except for re-sults on the English language proficiency as-sessments required under paragraph (2)(G), of former English learners for not more than 4 years after the student is no longer identi-fied as an English learner within the English learner category of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in paragraph (3)(A), for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system. 
‘‘(5) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The accountability provisions 
under this title shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL INTERFERENCE  
WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .—Nothing 
in this subsection shall be construed to per-mit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(A) the standards or measures that States 
or local educational agencies use to estab-lish, implement, or improve challenging State academic standards, including the con-tent of, or achievement levels within, such standards; 
‘‘(B) the specific types of academic assess-
ments or assessment items that States or local educational agencies use to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or other-wise use to measure student academic achievement or student growth; 
‘‘(C) the specific goals that States estab-
lish within State-designed accountability systems for all students and for each of the categories of students, as defined in para-graph (3)(A), for student academic achieve-ment or high school graduation rates, as de-scribed in subclauses (I) and (II) of paragraph (3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(D) any requirement that States shall 
measure student growth or the specific metrics used to measure student academic growth if a State chooses to measure student growth; 
‘‘(E) the specific indicator under paragraph 
(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa), or any indicator under para-graph (3)(B)(ii)(IV), that a State must use within the State-designed accountability system; 
‘‘(F) setting specific benchmarks, targets, 
or goals, for any other measures or indica-tors established by a State under subclauses (III) and (IV) of paragraph (3)(B)(ii), includ-ing progress or growth on such measures or indicators; 
‘‘(G) the specific weight or specific signifi-
cance of any measures or indicators used to measure, identify, or differentiate schools in the State-determined accountability system, as described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of para-graph (3)(B); 
‘‘(H) the terms ‘meaningfully’ or ‘substan-
tially’ as used in this part; 
‘‘(I) the specific methods used by States 
and local educational agencies to identify and meaningfully differentiate among public schools; 
‘‘(J) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or local educational agency; or 
‘‘(K) indicators or measures of teacher, 
principal, or other school leader effective-ness or quality. 
‘‘(c) O
THER PLANPROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—Each State plan shall 
describe— ‘‘(A) with respect to any accountability 
provisions under this part that require disaggregation of information by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) the minimum number of students that 
the State determines are necessary to be in-cluded in each such category of students to carry out such requirements and how that number is statistically sound; 
‘‘(ii) how such minimum number of stu-
dents was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when setting the min-imum number; and 
‘‘(iii) how the State ensures that such min-
imum number does not reveal personally identifiable information about students; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency’s system 
to monitor and evaluate the intervention 
and support strategies implemented by local educational agencies in schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114, including the lowest-performing schools and schools identified for other rea-sons, including schools with categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in sub-section (b)(3)(B)(i), and the steps the State will take to further assist local educational agencies, if such strategies are not effective; 
‘‘(C) in the case of a State that proposes to 
use funds under this part to offer early child-hood education programs, how the State pro-vides assistance and support to local edu-cational agencies and individual elementary schools that are creating, expanding, or im-proving such programs, such as through plans for engaging and supporting principals and other school leaders responsible for im-proving early childhood alignment with their elementary school, supporting teachers in understanding the transition between early learning to kindergarten, and increas-ing parent and community engagement; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a State that proposes to 
use funds under this part to support a multi- tiered system of supports, positive behav-ioral interventions and supports, or early in-tervening services, how the State edu-cational agency will assist local educational agencies in the development, implementa-tion, and coordination of such activities and services with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act in schools served by the local educational agency, including by providing technical assistance, training, and evaluation of the activities and services; 
‘‘(E) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies for the education of homeless children and youths, and how the State will comply with the requirements of subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; 
‘‘(F) how low-income and minority chil-
dren enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffective, out-of-field, and inexperi-enced teachers, principals, or other school leaders, and the measures the State edu-cational agency will use to evaluate and pub-licly report the progress of the State edu-cational agency with respect to such descrip-tion; 
‘‘(G) how the State will make public the 
methods or criteria the State or its local educational agencies are using to measure teacher, principal, and other school leader effectiveness for the purpose of meeting the requirements described in subparagraph (F); however, nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to develop or implement a teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5335 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(H) how the State educational agency will 
protect each student from physical or men-tal abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion im-posed solely for purposes of discipline or con-venience, which may include how such agen-cy will identify and support, including through professional development, training, and technical assistance, local educational agencies and schools that have high levels of seclusion and restraint or disproportionality in rates of seclusion and restraint; 
‘‘(I) how the State educational agency will 
address school discipline issues, which may include how such agency will identify and support, including through professional de-velopment, training, and technical assist-ance, local educational agencies and schools that have high levels of exclusionary dis-cipline or disproportionality in rates of ex-
clusionary discipline; 
‘‘(J) how the State educational agency will 
address school climate issues, which may in-clude providing technical assistance on effec-tive strategies to reduce the incidence of school violence, bullying, harassment, drug and alcohol use and abuse, and rates of chronic absenteeism (including both excused and unexcused absences); 
‘‘(K) how the State determines, with time-
ly and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geo-graphic diversity of the State, the timelines and annual goals for progress necessary to move English learners from the lowest levels of English proficiency to the State-defined proficient level in a State-determined num-ber of years, including an assurance that such goals will be based on students’ initial language proficiency when first identified as an English learner and may take into ac-count the amount of time that an individual child has been enrolled in a language pro-gram and grade level; 
‘‘(L) the steps a State educational agency 
will take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the edu-cational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
‘‘(i) any such child enrolls or remains in 
such child’s school of origin, unless a deter-mination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriate-ness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
‘‘(ii) when a determination is made that it 
is not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is imme-diately enrolled in a new school, even if the child is unable to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
‘‘(iii) the enrolling school shall imme-
diately contact the school last attended by any such child to obtain relevant academic and other records; and 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency will 
designate an employee to serve as a point of contact for child welfare agencies and to oversee implementation of the State agency responsibilities required under this subpara-graph, and such point of contact shall not be the State’s Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; 
‘‘(M) how the State will ensure the unique 
needs of students at all levels of schooling are met, particularly students in the middle grades and high school, including how the State will work with local educational agen-
cies to— 
‘‘(i) assist in the identification of middle 
grades and high school students who are at- risk of dropping out, such as through the continuous use of student data related to measures such as attendance, student sus-pensions, course performance, and, postsec-ondary credit accumulation that results in actionable steps to inform and differentiate instruction and support; 
‘‘(ii) ensure effective student transitions 
from elementary school to middle grades and middle grades to high school, such as by aligning curriculum and supports or imple-menting personal academic plans to enable such students to stay on the path to gradua-tion; 
‘‘(iii) ensure effective student transitions 
from high school to postsecondary edu-cation, such as through the establishment of 
partnerships between local educational agen-cies and institutions of higher education and providing students with choices for pathways to postsecondary education, which may in-clude the integration of rigorous academics, career and technical education, and work- based learning; 
‘‘(iv) provide professional development to 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, and other school personnel in addressing the academic and developmental needs of such students; and 
‘‘(v) implement any other evidence-based 
strategies or activities that the State deter-mines appropriate for addressing the unique needs of such students; 
‘‘(N) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies for the education of expectant and parenting students; 
‘‘(O) how the State educational agency will 
demonstrate a coordinated plan to seamlessly transition students from sec-ondary school into postsecondary education or careers without remediation, including a description of the specific transition activi-ties that the State educational agency will carry out, such as providing students with access to early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities; 
‘‘(P) if applicable, whether the State con-
ducts periodic assessments of the condition of elementary school and secondary school facilities in the State, which may include an assessment of the age of the facility and the state of repair of the facility; 
‘‘(Q) if applicable, how the State edu-
cational agency will provide support to local educational agencies for the education of children facing substance abuse in the home, which may include how such agency will pro-vide professional development, training, and technical assistance to local educational agencies, elementary schools, and secondary schools in communities with high rates of substance abuse; and 
‘‘(R) any other information on how the 
State proposes to use funds under this part to meet the purposes of this part, and that the State determines appropriate to provide, which may include how the State edu-cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) assist local educational agencies in 
identifying and serving gifted and talented students; 
‘‘(ii) assist local educational agencies in 
developing effective school library programs to provide students an opportunity to de-velop digital literacy skills and to help en-sure that all students graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for reme-diation; 
‘‘(iii) encourage the offering of a variety of 
well-rounded education experiences to stu-dents; and ‘‘(iv) use funds under this part to support 
efforts to expand and replicate successful practices from high-performing charter schools, magnet schools, and traditional pub-lic schools. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each State plan shall 
provide an assurance that— 
‘‘(A) the State educational agency will no-
tify local educational agencies, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the challenging State academic standards, academic assess-ments, and State accountability system, de-veloped under this section; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency will as-
sist each local educational agency and school affected by the State plan to meet the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(C) the State will participate in the bien-
nial State academic assessments in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 of the Na-
tional Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
‘‘(D) the State educational agency will 
modify or eliminate State fiscal and ac-counting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve edu-cational opportunities and reduce unneces-sary fiscal and accounting requirements; 
‘‘(E) the State educational agency will sup-
port the collection and dissemination to local educational agencies and schools of ef-fective parent and family engagement strat-egies, including those included in the parent and family engagement policy under section 1115; 
‘‘(F) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a pro-gram assisted under this part; 
‘‘(G) the State educational agency will en-
sure that local educational agencies, in de-veloping and implementing programs under this part, will, to the extent feasible, work in consultation with outside intermediary orga-nizations, such as educational service agen-cies, or individuals, that have practical ex-pertise in the development or use of evi-dence-based strategies and programs to im-prove teaching, learning, and schools; 
‘‘(H) the State educational agency has ap-
propriate procedures and safeguards in place to ensure the validity of the assessment process; 
‘‘(I) the State educational agency will en-
sure that all teachers and paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certifi-cation and licensure requirements, including alternative certification requirements; 
‘‘(J) the State educational agency will co-
ordinate activities funded under this part with other Federal activities as appropriate; 
‘‘(K) the State educational agency has in-
volved the committee of practitioners estab-lished under section 1503(b) in developing the plan and monitoring its implementation; 
‘‘(L) the State has professional standards 
for paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, includ-ing qualifications that were in place on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; 
‘‘(M) the State educational agency will as-
sess the system for collecting data from local educational agencies, and the technical assistance provided to local educational agencies on data collection, and will evalu-ate the need to upgrade or change the sys-tem and to provide additional support to help minimize the burden on local edu-cational agencies related to reporting data 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5336 July 21, 2015 
required for the annual State report card de-
scribed in subsection (d)(1) and annual local educational agency report cards described in subsection (d)(2); and 
‘‘(N) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the information described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) of subsection (d)(1)(C) to the public in an easily accessible and user- friendly manner that can be cross-tabulated by, at a minimum, each major racial and ethnic group, gender, English proficiency, and students with or without disabilities, which— 
‘‘(i) may be accomplished by including 
such information on the annual State report card described subsection (d)(1)(C)); and 
‘‘(ii) shall be presented in a manner that— ‘‘(I) is first anonymized and does not reveal 
personally identifiable information about an individual student; 
‘‘(II) does not include a number of students 
in any category of students that is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or that would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual stu-dent; and 
‘‘(III) is consistent with the requirements 
of section 444 of the General Education Pro-visions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2)(N) shall be construed to— 
‘‘(A) require groups of students obtained by 
any entity that cross-tabulates the informa-tion provided under such paragraph to be considered categories of students under sub-section (b)(3)(A) for the purposes of the State accountability system under subsection (b)(3); or 
‘‘(B) to prohibit States from publicly re-
porting data in a cross-tabulated manner, in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon request 
by a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate widely to the public an annual 
State report card for the State as a whole that meets the requirements of this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State report card re-
quired under this paragraph shall be— 
‘‘(I) concise; ‘‘(II) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
‘‘(III) widely accessible to the public, 
which shall include making the State report card, along with all local educational agency and school report cards required under para-graph (2), and the annual report to the Sec-retary under paragraph (5), available on a single webpage of the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(ii) E
NSURING PRIVACY .—No State report 
card required under this paragraph shall in-clude any personally identifiable informa-tion about any student. Each such report card shall be consistent with the privacy protections under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under sub-section (b)(3), including the goals for all stu-dents and for each of the categories of stu-
dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance described in subsection (b)(3)(B), and the weights of the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance. 
‘‘(ii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), homeless status, and status as a child in foster care, except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student, information on student achievement on the academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2) at each level of achievement, as determined by the State under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), the percentage of stu-dents assessed and not assessed. 
‘‘(iv) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), and for purposes of subclause (II), homeless status and status as a child in foster care, except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student— 
‘‘(I) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; and 
‘‘(II) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(v) Information on indicators or measures 
of school quality, climate and safety, and discipline, including the rates of in-school suspensions, out-of-school suspensions, ex-pulsions, school-related arrests, referrals to law enforcement, chronic absenteeism (in-cluding both excused and unexcused ab-sences), and incidences of violence, including bullying and harassment, that the State edu-cational agency and each local educational agency in the State reported to the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey re-quired by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department that is the most recent to the date of the determination in the same man-ner that such information is presented on such survey. 
‘‘(vi) The minimum number of students 
that the State determines are necessary to be included in each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), for use in the accountability system under sub-section (b)(3). 
‘‘(vii) The professional qualifications of 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the State, including information (that shall be presented in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in each quartile based on school poverty level, and high–mi-nority and low–minority schools in the State) on the number, percentage, and dis-tribution of— 
‘‘(I) inexperienced teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders; 
‘‘(II) teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials; 
‘‘(III) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed; 
‘‘(IV) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders who are ineffective, as determined by the State, using the methods or criteria 
under subsection (c)(1)(G); and 
‘‘(V) the annual retention rates of effective 
and ineffective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, as determined by the State, using the methods or criteria under subsection (c)(1)(G). 
‘‘(viii) Information on the performance of 
local educational agencies and schools in the State, including the number and names of each school identified for intervention and support under section 1114. 
‘‘(ix) For a State that implements a teach-
er, principal, and other school leader evalua-tion system consistent with title II, the eval-uation results of teachers, principals, and other school leaders, except that such infor-mation shall not provide personally identifi-able information on individual teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(x) The per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual per-sonnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(xi) The number and percentages of stu-
dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities that take an alternate assess-ment under subsection (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject. 
‘‘(xii) Information on the acquisition of 
English language proficiency by students who are English learners. 
‘‘(xiii) Information on, including informa-
tion that the State educational agency and each local educational agency in the State reported to the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey required by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department that is the most recent to the date of the determination in the same manner that such information is presented on such survey on— 
‘‘(I) the number and percentage of— ‘‘(aa) students enrolled in gifted and tal-
ented programs; 
‘‘(bb) students enrolled in rigorous 
coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate courses and examinations, and dual or con-current enrollment and early college high schools; and 
‘‘(cc) children enrolled in preschool pro-
grams; 
‘‘(II) the average class size, by grade; and ‘‘(III) any other indicators determined by 
the State. 
‘‘(xiv) The number and percentage of stu-
dents attaining career and technical pro-ficiencies, as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 and reported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of that Act. 
‘‘(xv) Results on the National Assessment 
of Educational Progress in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 for the State, compared to the national average. 
‘‘(xvi) Information on the percentage of 
students, including for each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), who did not meet the State goals established under subsection (b)(3)(B). 
‘‘(xvii) Information regarding the number 
of military-connected students (which, for purposes of this clause, shall mean students with parents who serve in the uniformed services, including the National Guard and Reserves), and information regarding the academic achievement of such students, ex-cept that such information shall not be used for school or local educational agency ac-countability purposes under sections 1111(b)(3) and 1114. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5337 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(xviii) In the case of each coeducational 
school in the State that receives assistance under this part— 
‘‘(I) a listing of the school’s interscholastic 
sports teams that participated in athletic competition; 
‘‘(II) for each such team— ‘‘(aa) the total number of male and female 
participants, disaggregated by gender and race; 
‘‘(bb) the season in which the team com-
peted, whether the team participated in postseason competition, and the total num-ber of competitive events scheduled; 
‘‘(cc) the total expenditures from all 
sources, including expenditures for travel, uniforms, facilities, and publicity for com-petitions; and 
‘‘(dd) the total number of coaches, train-
ers, and medical personnel, and for each such individual an identification of such individ-ual’s employment status, and duties other than providing coaching, training, or med-ical services; and 
‘‘(III) the average annual salary of the 
head coaches of boys’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports, and the av-erage annual salary of the head coaches of girls’ interscholastic sports teams, across all offered sports. 
‘‘(xix) for each high school in the State, 
and beginning with the report card released in 2017, the cohort rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each category of students defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student) at which students who grad-uate from the high school enroll, for the first academic year that begins after the stu-dents’ graduation— 
‘‘(I) in programs of public postsecondary 
education in the State; and 
‘‘(II) if data are available and to the extent 
practicable, in programs of private postsec-ondary education in the State or programs of postsecondary education outside the State; 
‘‘(xx) if available and to the extent prac-
ticable, for each high school in the State and beginning with the report card released in 2018, the remediation rate (in the aggregate, and disaggregated for each category of stu-dents defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be re-quired in a case in which the number of stu-dents is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information 
about an individual student) for students who graduate from the high school at— 
‘‘(I) programs of postsecondary education 
in the State; and 
‘‘(II) programs of postsecondary education 
outside the State; 
‘‘(xxi) Any additional information that the 
State believes will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each of the State’s public elementary schools and secondary schools. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in clause (v) or 
(xiii) of subparagraph (C) shall be construed as requiring a State to report any data that are not otherwise required or voluntarily submitted to the Civil Rights Data Collec-tion biennial survey required by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTINUATION OF SUBMISSION TO DE -
PARTMENT OF INFORMATION .—If, at any time 
after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey is no longer conducted by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department, a State educational agency shall still include the information under 
clauses (v) and (xiii) of subparagraph (C) in the State report card under this paragraph in the same manner that such information is presented on such survey. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
REPORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) P REPARATION AND DISSEMINATION .—A 
local educational agency that receives as-sistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card that includes— 
‘‘(I) information on such agency as a 
whole; and 
‘‘(II) for each school served by the agency, 
a school report card that meets the require-ments of this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) N
O PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFOR -
MATION .—No local educational agency report 
card required under this paragraph shall in-
clude any personally identifiable informa-tion about any student. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSISTENT WITH FERPA .—Each local 
educational agency report card shall be con-sistent with the privacy protections under section 444 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency report card shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format, and to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
‘‘(iii) accessible to the public, which shall 
include— 
‘‘(I) placing such report card on the 
website of the local educational agency and on the website of each school served by the agency; and 
‘‘(II) in any case in which a local edu-
cational agency or school does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each local 
educational agency report card required under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) the information described in paragraph 
(1)(C), disaggregated in the same manner as under paragraph (1)(C), except for clause (xv) of such paragraph, as applied to the local educational agency, and each school served by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy, information that shows how students served by the local educational agency achieved on the academic assessments de-scribed in subsection (b)(2) compared to stu-dents in the State as a whole; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a school, information 
that shows how the school’s students’ achievement on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) compared to students served by the local educational agency and the State as a whole; 
‘‘(ii) any information required by the State 
under paragraph (1)(C)(xviii); and 
‘‘(iii) any other information that the local 
educational agency determines is appro-priate and will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the annual State report card. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(I) publicly disseminate the information 
described in this paragraph to all schools in the school district served by the local edu-cational agency and to all parents of stu-dents attending such schools; and ‘‘(II) make the information widely avail-
able through public means, including through electronic means, including posting in an easily accessible manner on the local educational agency’s website, except in the case in which an agency does not operate a website, such agency shall determine how to make the information available, such as through distribution to the media, and dis-tribution through public agencies. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If a local educational 
agency issues a report card for all students, the local educational agency may include the information described in this paragraph as part of such report. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the 
Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, may use such report cards for the purpose of dissemi-nating information under this subsection if the report card is modified, as may be need-ed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
‘‘(4) C
OST REDUCTION .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy receiving assistance under this part shall, wherever possible, take steps to reduce data collection costs and duplication of effort by obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collec-tion efforts. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency re-
ceiving assistance under this part shall re-port annually to the Secretary, and make widely available within the State— 
‘‘(A) information on student achievement 
on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) for all students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), including— 
‘‘(i) the percentage of students who 
achieved at each level of achievement the State has set in subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(ii) the percentage of students who did 
not meet the State goals set in subsection (b)(3)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) if applicable, the percentage of stu-
dents making at least one year of academic growth over the school year, as determined by the State; 
‘‘(B) the percentage of students assessed 
and not assessed on the academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2) for all students and disaggregated by each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi); 
‘‘(C) for all students and disaggregated by 
each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; 
‘‘(ii) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates; and 
‘‘(iii) information on each State-deter-
mined indicator of school quality, success, or student support under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV) selected by the State in the State accountability system; 
‘‘(D) information on the acquisition of 
English language proficiency by students who are English learners; 
‘‘(E) the per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual staff personnel expenditures and actual nonper-sonnel expenditures, disaggregated by source of funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.034 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5338 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(F) the number and percentage of stu-
dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities that take an alternate assess-ment under subsection (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject; 
‘‘(G) the number and names of the schools 
identified as in need of intervention and sup-port under section 1114, and the school inter-vention and support strategies developed and implemented by the local educational agen-cy under section 1114(b) to address the needs of students in each school; 
‘‘(H) the number of students and schools 
that participated in public school choice under section 1114(b)(4); 
‘‘(I) information on the quality and effec-
tiveness of teachers for each quartile of schools based on the school’s poverty level and high–minority and low–minority schools in the local educational agencies in the State, including the number, percentage, and distribution of— 
‘‘(i) inexperienced teachers; ‘‘(ii) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed; and 
‘‘(iii) teachers who are not effective, as de-
termined by the State if the State has a statewide teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system; and 
‘‘(J) if the State has a statewide teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system, information on the results of such teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation systems that does not reveal per-sonally identifiable information. 
‘‘(6) P
RESENTATION OF DATA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency shall only include in its annual report card de-scribed under paragraphs (1) and (2) data that are sufficient to yield statistically reli-able information, and that do not reveal per-sonally identifiable information about an in-dividual student, teacher, principal, or other school leader. 
‘‘(B) S
TUDENT PRIVACY .—In carrying out 
this subsection, student education records shall not be released without written con-sent consistent with section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(7) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that provides national- and State-level data on the information col-lected under paragraph (5). Such report shall 
be submitted through electronic means only. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 
2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall transmit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a national report card on the status of elementary and sec-ondary education in the United States. Such report shall— 
‘‘(i) analyze existing data from State re-
ports required under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, and the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006, and summarize major findings from such reports; 
‘‘(ii) analyze data from the National As-
sessment of Educational Progress and com-parable international assessments; 
‘‘(iii) identify trends in student achieve-
ment and high school graduation rates (in-cluding 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates), by analyzing and report-ing on the status and performance of stu-
dents, disaggregated by achievement level and by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), and by stu-dents in rural schools; 
‘‘(iv) analyze data on Federal, State, and 
local expenditures on education, including per-pupil spending, teacher salaries, school- level spending, and other financial data pub-licly available, and report on current trends and major findings; and 
‘‘(v) analyze information on the teaching, 
principal, and other school leader profes-sions, including education and training, re-tention and mobility, and effectiveness in improving student achievement. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The information used 
to prepare the report described in subpara-graph (A) shall be derived from existing State and local reporting requirements and data sources. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as authorizing, requiring, or al-lowing any additional reporting require-ments, data elements, or information to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise ex-plicitly authorized by any other Federal law. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC RECOGNITION .—The Secretary 
may identify and publicly recognize States, local educational agencies, schools, pro-grams, and individuals for exemplary per-formance. 
‘‘(e) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit a State from entering into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments, challenging State academic standards, and accountability sys-tems required under this section. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall be 
prohibited from requiring or coercing a State to enter into a voluntary partnership described in paragraph (1), including— 
‘‘(A) as a condition of approval of a State 
plan under this section; 
‘‘(B) as a condition of an award of Federal 
funds under any grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement; 
‘‘(C) as a condition of approval of a waiver 
under section 9401; or 
‘‘(D) by providing any priority, preference, 
or special consideration during the applica-tion process under any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE WITHRESPECT TO BU-
REAU -FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the 
assessments to be used by each school oper-ated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation of the Department of the Interior that receives funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(1) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate as-sessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) Each such school that is accredited by 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment in consulta-tion with, and with the approval of, the Sec-retary of the Interior and consistent with as-sessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) Each such school that is accredited by 
a tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment devel-oped by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment meets the require-ments of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 1112. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive a subgrant under this part for any fiscal year only if such agency has on 
file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that— 
‘‘(A) is developed with timely and mean-
ingful consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, public charter school representatives (if applicable), specialized in-structional support personnel, paraprofes-sionals (including organizations representing such individuals), administrators (including administrators of programs described in other parts of this title), and other appro-priate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this part; 
‘‘(B) satisfies the requirements of this sec-
tion; and 
‘‘(C) as appropriate, is coordinated with 
other programs under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the Education Technical Assistance Act, the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, and the Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATION .—The plan 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section 9305. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be filed according to a 
schedule established by the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—The State educational 
agency shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency determines that the local edu-cational agency’s plan meets the require-ments of this part and enables children served under this part to meet the chal-lenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(4) D
URATION .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be submitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 and shall remain in ef-fect for the duration of the agency’s partici-pation under this part. 
‘‘(5) R
EVIEW .—Each local educational agen-
cy shall periodically review and, as nec-essary, revise its plan to reflect changes in the local educational agency’s strategies and programs under this part. 
‘‘(6) R
ENEWAL .—A local educational agency 
that desires to continue participating in a program under this part shall submit a re-newed plan on a periodic basis, as deter-mined by the State. 
‘‘(b) P
LANPROVISIONS .—To ensure that all 
children receive a high-quality education that prepares them for postsecondary edu-cation or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State academic standards and those who are not, each local edu-cational agency plan shall describe— 
‘‘(1) how the local educational agency will 
work with each of the schools served by the agency so that students meet the chal-lenging State academic standards by— 
‘‘(A) developing and implementing a com-
prehensive program of instruction to meet the academic needs of all students; 
‘‘(B) identifying quickly and effectively 
students who may be at risk for academic failure; 
‘‘(C) providing additional educational as-
sistance to individual students determined as needing help in meeting the challenging State academic standards; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5339 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(D) identifying significant gaps in student 
academic achievement and graduation rates between each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), and devel-oping strategies to reduce such gaps in achievement and graduation rates; and 
‘‘(E) identifying and implementing evi-
dence-based methods and instructional strat-egies intended to strengthen the academic program of the school and improve school climate; 
‘‘(2) how the local educational agency will 
monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of school programs in improving student aca-demic achievement and academic growth, if applicable, especially for students not meet-ing the challenging State academic stand-ards; 
‘‘(3) how the local educational agency 
will— 
‘‘(A) ensure that all teachers and para-
professionals working in a program sup-ported with funds under this part meet appli-cable State certification and licensure re-quirements, including alternative certifi-cation requirements; and 
‘‘(B) identify and address, as required 
under State plans as described in section 1111(c)(1)(F), any disparities that result in low-income students and minority students being taught at higher rates than other stu-dents by ineffective, inexperienced, and out- of-field teachers; 
‘‘(4) the actions the local educational agen-
cy will take to assist schools identified as in need of intervention and support under sec-tion 1114, including the lowest-performing schools in the local educational agency, and schools identified for other reasons, includ-ing schools with categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in section 1111(b)(3)(B), to improve student academic achievement, the funds used to conduct such actions, and how such agency will monitor such actions; 
‘‘(5) the poverty criteria that will be used 
to select school attendance areas under sec-tion 1113; 
‘‘(6) the programs to be conducted by such 
agency’s schools under section 1113 and, where appropriate, educational services out-side such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected or delinquent chil-dren, and for neglected and delinquent chil-dren in community day school programs; 
‘‘(7) the services the local educational 
agency will provide homeless children, in-cluding services provided with funds reserved under section 1113(a)(4)(A)(i); 
‘‘(8) the strategy the local educational 
agency will use to implement effective par-
ent and family engagement under section 1115; 
‘‘(9) if applicable, how the local edu-
cational agency will coordinate and inte-grate services provided under this part with preschool educational services at the local educational agency or individual school level, such as Head Start programs, the lit-eracy program under part D of title II, State- funded preschool programs, and other com-munity-based early childhood education pro-grams, including plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local ele-mentary school programs; 
‘‘(10) how the local educational agency will 
coordinate programs and integrate services under this part with other Federal, State, tribal, and local services and programs, in-cluding programs supported under this Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, and the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, violence preven-
tion programs, nutrition programs, and housing programs; 
‘‘(11) how teachers and school leaders, in 
consultation with parents, administrators, paraprofessionals, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel, in schools oper-ating a targeted assistance school program under section 1113, will identify the eligible children most in need of services under this part; 
‘‘(12) in the case of a local educational 
agency that proposes to use funds under this part to support a multi-tiered system of sup-ports, positive behavioral interventions and supports, or early intervening services, how the local educational agency will provide such activities and services and coordinate them with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act in schools served by the local educational agency, including by providing technical assistance, training, and evaluation of the activities and services; 
‘‘(13) how the local educational agency will 
provide opportunities for the enrollment, at-tendance, and success of homeless children and youths consistent with the requirements of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and the services the local educational agency will provide homeless children and youths; 
‘‘(14) how the local educational agency will 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle school to high school and from high school to post-secondary education, including— 
‘‘(A) if applicable, through coordination 
with institutions of higher education, em-ployers, and other local partners to seamlessly transition students from high school into postsecondary education or ca-reers without remediation; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the specific transition 
activities the local educational agency will take, such as providing students with access to early college high school or dual or con-current enrollment opportunities that enable students during high school to earn postsec-ondary credit or an industry-recognized cre-dential that meets any quality standards re-quired by the State or utilizing comprehen-sive career counseling to identify student in-terests and skills; 
‘‘(15) how the local educational agency will 
address school discipline issues, which may include identifying and supporting schools with significant discipline disparities, or high rates of discipline, disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), including by pro-
viding technical assistance on effective strategies to reduce such disparities and high rates; 
‘‘(16) how the local educational agency will 
address school climate issues, which may in-clude identifying and improving performance on school climate indicators related to stu-dent achievement and providing technical assistance to schools; 
‘‘(17) how the local educational agency will 
provide opportunities for the enrollment, at-tendance, and success of expectant and par-enting students and the services the local educational agency will provide expectant and parenting students; 
‘‘(18) if determined appropriate by the local 
educational agency, how such agency will support programs that promote integrated academic and career and technical education content through coordinated instructional strategies, that may incorporate experien-tial learning opportunities; and 
‘‘(19) any other information on how the 
local educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and that the local educational agency deter-mines appropriate to provide, which may in-clude how the local educational agency 
will— 
‘‘(A) assist schools in identifying and serv-
ing gifted and talented students; 
‘‘(B) assist schools in developing effective 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and to help ensure that all students graduate from high school prepared for post-secondary education or the workforce with-out the need for remediation; and 
‘‘(C) encourage the offering of a variety of 
well-rounded education experiences to stu-dents. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) ensure that migratory children and 
formerly migratory children who are eligible to receive services under this part are se-lected to receive such services on the same basis as other children who are selected to receive services under this part; 
‘‘(2) provide services to eligible children at-
tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in accordance with section 1116, and timely and meaningful consultation with private school officials regarding such services; 
‘‘(3) participate, if selected, in the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress in read-ing and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 car-ried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act; 
‘‘(4) coordinate and integrate services pro-
vided under this part with other educational services at the local educational agency or individual school level, such as services for English learners, children with disabilities, migratory children, American Indian, Alas-ka Native, and Native Hawaiian children, and homeless children, in order to increase program effectiveness, eliminate duplica-
tion, and reduce fragmentation of the in-structional program; 
‘‘(5) collaborate with the State or local 
child welfare agency and, by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, develop and implement clear written procedures gov-erning how transportation to maintain chil-dren in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that children in foster care 
needing transportation to the school of ori-gin will promptly receive transportation in a cost-effective manner and in accordance with section 475(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(B) ensure that, if there are additional 
costs incurred in providing transportation to maintain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agen-cy will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
‘‘(i) the local child welfare agency agrees 
to reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency agrees to 
pay for the cost of such transportation; or 
‘‘(iii) the local educational agency and the 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
‘‘(6) designate a point of contact if the cor-
responding child welfare agency notifies the local educational agency, in writing, that the agency has designated an employee to serve as a point of contact for the local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(d) P
ARENTS RIGHT-TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(1) I NFORMATION FOR PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5340 July 21, 2015 
school receiving funds under this part that 
the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding any State or local educational agency policy, procedure, or parental right regarding stu-dent participation in any mandated assess-ments for that school year, in addition to in-formation regarding the professional quali-fications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(i) Whether the teacher has met State 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
‘‘(ii) Whether the teacher is teaching under 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licens-ing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) The field of discipline of the certifi-
cation of the teacher. 
‘‘(iv) Whether the child is provided services 
by paraprofessionals and, if so, their quali-fications. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In addition 
to the information that parents may request under subparagraph (A), a school that re-ceives funds under this part shall provide to each individual parent of a child who is a student in such school, with respect to such student— 
‘‘(i) information on the level of achieve-
ment and academic growth of the student, if applicable and available, on each of the State academic assessments required under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) timely notice that the student has 
been assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or licensure requirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
‘‘(2) T
ESTING TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall make wide-ly available through public means (including by posting in a clear and easily accessible manner on the local educational agency’s website and, where practicable, on the website of each school served by the local educational agency) for each grade served by the local educational agency, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and where such infor-mation is available and feasible to report, assessments required districtwide by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(i) the subject matter assessed; 
‘‘(ii) the purpose for which the assessment 
is designed and used; 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the 
assessment; and 
‘‘(iv) where such information is available— ‘‘(I) the amount of time students will spend 
taking the assessment, and the schedule and calendar for the assessment; and 
‘‘(II) the time and format for disseminating 
results. 
‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY THAT DOES  
NOT OPERATE A WEBSITE .—In the case of a 
local educational agency that does not oper-ate a website, such local educational agency shall determine how to make the informa-tion described in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as through distribution of that information to the media, through pub-lic agencies, or directly to parents. 
‘‘(3) L
ANGUAGE INSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—Each local educational agen-
cy using funds under this part or title III to provide a language instruction educational program as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform a parent or parents of a child who is an English learner identi-fied for participation or participating in 
such a program, of— 
‘‘(i) the reasons for the identification of 
their child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction edu-cational program; 
‘‘(ii) the child’s level of English pro-
ficiency, how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achieve-ment; 
‘‘(iii) the methods of instruction used in 
the program in which their child is, or will be, participating and the methods of instruc-tion used in other available programs, in-cluding how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
‘‘(iv) how the program in which their child 
is, or will be, participating will meet the educational strengths and needs of their child; 
‘‘(v) how such program will specifically 
help their child learn English and meet age- appropriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
‘‘(vi) the specific exit requirements for the 
program, including the expected rate of tran-sition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for children who are English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including 4- year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
‘‘(vii) in the case of a child with a dis-
ability, how such program meets the objec-tives of the individualized education pro-gram of the child, as described in section 614(d) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; and 
‘‘(viii) information pertaining to parental 
rights that includes written guidance— 
‘‘(I) detailing the right that parents have 
to have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; 
‘‘(II) detailing the options that parents 
have to decline to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruction, if available; and 
‘‘(III) assisting parents in selecting among 
various programs and methods of instruc-tion, if more than 1 program or method is of-fered by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE APPLICABLE DURING THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—For those children who have 
not been identified as English learners prior to the beginning of the school year but are identified as English learners during such school year, the local educational agency shall notify the children’s parents during the 
first 2 weeks of the child being placed in a language instruction educational program consistent with subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) P
ARENTAL PARTICIPATION .—Each local 
educational agency receiving funds under this part and title III shall implement an ef-fective means of outreach to parents of chil-dren who are English learners to inform the parents how the parents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assisting their children to at-tain English proficiency, achieve at high lev-els in core academic subjects, and meet the challenging State academic standards ex-pected of all students, including holding, and sending notice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to recommendations from par-ents of students assisted under this part and title III. 
‘‘(D) B
ASIS FOR ADMISSION OR EXCLUSION .—A 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education pro-gram on the basis of a surname or language- minority status. 
‘‘(3) N
OTICE AND FORMAT .—The notice and 
information provided to parents under this subsection shall be in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, provided in a language that the par-ents can understand. 
‘‘SEC. 1113. ELIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE 
AREAS; SCHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS; TARGETED ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE  
AREAS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall use funds received under this part only in eligible school attendance areas. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE AREAS .— 
In this part— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘school attendance area’ 
means, in relation to a particular school, the geographical area in which the children who are normally served by that school reside; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible school attendance 
area’ means a school attendance area in which the percentage of children from low- income families is at least as high as the per-centage of children from low-income families served by the local educational agency as a whole. 
‘‘(C) R
ANKING ORDER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), if funds allocated in accordance with paragraph (3) are insufficient to serve all eligible school attendance areas, a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(I) annually rank, without regard to 
grade spans, such agency’s eligible school at-tendance areas in which the concentration of children from low-income families exceeds 75 percent, or exceeds 50 percent in the case of the high schools served by such agency, from highest to lowest according to the percent-age of children from low-income families; and 
‘‘(II) serve such eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order. 
‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subparagraph shall be construed as re-quiring a local educational agency to reduce, in order to comply with clause (i), the amount of funding provided under this part to elementary schools and middle schools from the amount of funding provided under this part to such schools for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 in order to provide funding under this part to high schools pur-suant to clause (i). 
‘‘(D) R
EMAINING FUNDS .—If funds remain 
after serving all eligible school attendance areas under subparagraph (C), a local edu-cational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) annually rank such agency’s remain-
ing eligible school attendance areas from highest to lowest either by grade span or for the entire local educational agency accord-ing to the percentage of children from low- income families; and 
‘‘(ii) serve such eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order either within each grade- span grouping or within the local edu-cational agency as a whole. 
‘‘(E) M
EASURES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a local educational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which measure shall be the number of children aged 5 through 17 in poverty counted in the most recent census data approved by the Sec-retary, the number of children eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, the number of children in families receiving assistance under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act, or the number of children eligible to receive medical assistance under the Med-icaid program established under title XIX of the Social Security Act, or a composite of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5341 July 21, 2015 
such indicators, with respect to all school at-
tendance areas in the local educational agen-cy— 
‘‘(I) to identify eligible school attendance 
areas; 
‘‘(II) to determine the ranking of each 
area; and 
‘‘(III) to determine allocations under para-
graph (3). 
‘‘(ii) S
ECONDARY SCHOOLS .—For measuring 
the number of students in low-income fami-lies in secondary schools, the local edu-cational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) the calculation described under clause 
(i); or 
‘‘(II) an accurate estimate of the number of 
students in low-income families in a sec-ondary school that is calculated by applying the average percentage of students in low-in-come families of the elementary school at-tendance areas as calculated under clause (i) that feed into the secondary school to the number of students enrolled in such school. 
‘‘(F) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not 
apply to a local educational agency with a total enrollment of less than 1,000 children. 
‘‘(G) W
AIVER FOR DESEGREGATION PLANS .— 
The Secretary may approve a local edu-cational agency’s written request for a waiv-er of the requirements of this paragraph and paragraph (3) and permit such agency to treat as eligible, and serve, any school that children attend with a State-ordered, court- ordered school desegregation plan or a plan that continues to be implemented in accord-ance with a State-ordered or court-ordered desegregation plan, if— 
‘‘(i) the number of economically disadvan-
taged children enrolled in the school is at least 25 percent of the school’s total enroll-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines, on the basis 
of a written request from such agency and in accordance with such criteria as the Sec-retary establishes, that approval of that re-quest would further the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1)(B), a local educational agency may— 
‘‘(i) designate as eligible any school at-
tendance area or school in which at least 35 percent of the children are from low-income families; 
‘‘(ii) use funds received under this part in 
a school that is not in an eligible school at-tendance area, if the percentage of children from low-income families enrolled in the school is equal to or greater than the per-
centage of such children in a participating school attendance area of such agency; 
‘‘(iii) designate and serve a school attend-
ance area or school that is not eligible under this section, but that was eligible and that was served in the preceding fiscal year, but only for 1 additional fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iv) elect not to serve an eligible school 
attendance area or eligible school that has a higher percentage of children from low-in-come families if— 
‘‘(I) the school meets the comparability re-
quirements of section 1117(c); 
‘‘(II) the school is receiving supplemental 
funds from other State or local sources that are spent according to the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(III) the funds expended from such other 
sources equal or exceed the amount that would be provided under this part. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A)(iv), the number of children at-tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools who are to receive services, and the assistance such children are to re-ceive under this part, shall be determined without regard to whether the public school attendance area in which such children re-
side is assisted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall allocate funds received under this part to eligible school attendance areas or eligible schools, identified under para-graphs (1) and (2) in rank order, on the basis of the total number of children from low-in-come families in each area or school. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the per-pupil amount of funds al-located to each school attendance area or school under subparagraph (A) shall be at least 125 percent of the per-pupil amount of funds a local educational agency received for that year under the poverty criteria de-scribed by the local educational agency in the plan submitted under section 1112, except that this clause shall not apply to a local educational agency that only serves schools in which the percentage of such children is 35 percent or greater. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—A local educational agen-
cy may reduce the amount of funds allocated under clause (i) for a school attendance area or school by the amount of any supplemental State and local funds expended in that school attendance area or school for pro-grams that meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(4) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall reserve such funds as are nec-essary under this part to provide services comparable to those provided to children in schools funded under this part to serve— 
‘‘(i) homeless children, including providing 
educationally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where children may live; 
‘‘(ii) children in local institutions for ne-
glected children; and 
‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local insti-
tutions for delinquent children, and ne-glected or delinquent children in community day programs. 
‘‘(B) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH .— 
Funds reserved under subparagraph (A)(i) may be— 
‘‘(i) determined based on a needs assess-
ment of homeless children and youths in the local educational agency, as conducted under section 723(b)(1) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; and 
‘‘(ii) used to provide homeless children and 
youths with services not ordinarily provided to other students under this part, including providing— 
‘‘(I) funding for the liaison designated pur-
suant to section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of such Act; and 
‘‘(II) transportation pursuant to section 
722(g)(1)(J)(iii) of such Act. 
‘‘(5) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION .—A local 
educational agency may reserve funds made available to carry out this section to provide early childhood education programs for eligi-ble children. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS AND TARGETED  
ASSISTANCE SCHOOLS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each school that will 
receive funds under this part, the local edu-cational agency shall determine whether the school shall operate a schoolwide program consistent with subsection (c) or a targeted assistance school program consistent with subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .—The determina-
tion under paragraph (1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) based on a comprehensive needs as-
sessment of the entire school that takes into account information on the academic achievement of children in relation to the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), particularly the needs of those children who are failing, or are at-risk of failing, to meet the challenging State aca-
demic standards and any other factors as de-termined by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) conducted with the participation of 
individuals who would carry out the schoolwide plan, including those individuals under subsection (c)(2)(B). 
‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The needs assessment 
under paragraph (2) may be undertaken as part of other related needs assessments under this Act. 
‘‘(c) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—A local educational 
agency may consolidate and use funds under this part, together with other Federal, State, and local funds, in order to upgrade the en-tire educational program of a school that serves an eligible school attendance area in which not less than 40 percent of the chil-dren are from low-income families, or not less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—A school that serves an 
eligible school attendance area in which less than 40 percent of the children are from low- income families, or a school for which less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families, may oper-ate a schoolwide program under this section if— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency in which 
the school is located allows such school to do so; and 
‘‘(ii) the results of the comprehensive 
needs assessment conducted under sub-section (b)(2) determine a schoolwide pro-gram will best serve the needs of the stu-dents in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAM PLAN .—An eligi-
ble school operating a schoolwide program shall develop a comprehensive plan, in con-sultation with the local educational agency, tribes and tribal organizations present in the community, and other individuals as deter-mined by the school, that— 
‘‘(A) is developed during a 1-year period, 
unless— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency deter-
mines in consultation with the school that less time is needed to develop and implement 
the schoolwide program; or 
‘‘(ii) the school is operating a schoolwide 
program on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, in which case such school may continue to operate such program, but shall develop amendments to its existing plan during the first year of assistance after that date to re-flect the provisions of this section; 
‘‘(B) is developed with the involvement of 
parents and other members of the commu-nity to be served and individuals who will carry out such plan, including teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals present in the school, and adminis-trators (including administrators of pro-grams described in other parts of this title), and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, technical assistance pro-viders, school staff, and students; 
‘‘(C) remains in effect for the duration of 
the school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and the implementation of, and results achieved by, the schoolwide program shall be regularly monitored and re-vised as necessary to ensure that students are meeting the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(D) is available to the local educational 
agency, parents, and the public, and the in-formation contained in such plan shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a lan-guage that the parents can understand; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5342 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(E) if appropriate and applicable, devel-
oped in coordination and integration with other Federal, State, and local services, re-sources, and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence preven-tion programs, nutrition programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult edu-cation programs, career and technical edu-cation programs, and interventions and sup-ports for schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114; and 
‘‘(F) includes a description of— ‘‘(i) the results of the comprehensive needs 
assessments of the entire school required under subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(ii) the strategies that the school will be 
implementing to address school needs, in-cluding a description of how such strategies will— 
‘‘(I) provide opportunities for all children, 
including each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) use evidence-based methods and in-
structional strategies that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and quality of learning time, and help provide an enriched and accelerated curriculum; 
‘‘(III) address the needs of all children in 
the school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State academic standards, which may in-clude— 
‘‘(aa) counseling, school-based mental 
health programs, specialized instructional support services, and mentoring services; 
‘‘(bb) preparation for and awareness of op-
portunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, including career and tech-nical education programs, which may in-clude broadening secondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Ad-vanced Placement and International Bacca-laureate courses and examinations, and dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high schools; 
‘‘(cc) implementation of a schoolwide 
multi-tiered system of supports, including positive behavioral interventions and sup-ports and early intervening services, includ-ing through coordination with such activi-ties and services carried out under the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(dd) implementation of supports for 
teachers and other school personnel, which may include professional development and other activities to improve instruction, ac-tivities to recruit and retain effective teach-ers, particularly in high-need schools, and using data from academic assessments under section 1111(b)(2) and other formative and summative assessments to improve instruc-tion; 
‘‘(ee) programs, activities, and courses in 
the core academic subjects to assist children in meeting the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(ff) other strategies to improve student’s 
academic and nonacademic skills essential for success; and 
‘‘(IV) be monitored and improved over time 
based on student needs, including increased supports for those students who are lowest- achieving; 
‘‘(iii) if programs are consolidated, the spe-
cific State educational agency and local edu-cational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide program; and 
‘‘(iv) if appropriate, how funds will be used 
to establish or enhance early childhood edu-cation programs for children who are aged 5 or younger, including how programs will help transition such children to local ele-
mentary school programs. 
‘‘(3) I
DENTIFICATION OF STUDENTS NOT RE -
QUIRED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—No school participating 
in a schoolwide program shall be required to identify— 
‘‘(i) particular children under this part as 
eligible to participate in a schoolwide pro-gram; or 
‘‘(ii) individual services as supplementary. ‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .—In accordance 
with the method of determination described in section 1117, a school participating in a schoolwide program shall use funds available to carry out this paragraph only to supple-ment the amount of funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available from non-Federal sources for the school, including funds needed to provide services that are required by law for children with disabilities and children who are English learners. 
‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FROM STATUTORY AND REGU -
LATORY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E XEMPTION .—The Secretary may, 
through publication of a notice in the Fed-eral Register, exempt schoolwide programs under this section from statutory or regu-latory provisions of any other noncompeti-tive formula grant program administered by the Secretary (other than formula or discre-tionary grant programs under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, except as provided in section 613(a)(2)(D) of such Act), or any discretionary grant program ad-ministered by the Secretary, to support schoolwide programs if the intent and pur-poses of such other programs are met. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A school that choos-
es to use funds from such other programs shall not be relieved of the requirements re-lating to health, safety, civil rights, student and parental participation and involvement, services to private school children, com-parability of services, maintenance of effort, uses of Federal funds to supplement, not sup-plant non-Federal funds (in accordance with the method of determination described in section 1117), or the distribution of funds to State educational agencies or local edu-
cational agencies that apply to the receipt of funds from such programs. 
‘‘(C) R
ECORDS .—A school that chooses to 
consolidate and use funds from different Fed-eral programs under this paragraph shall not be required to maintain separate fiscal ac-counting records, by program, that identify the specific activities supported by those particular funds as long as the school main-tains records that demonstrate that the schoolwide program, considered as a whole, addresses the intent and purposes of each of the Federal programs that were consolidated to support the schoolwide program. 
‘‘(5) P
RESCHOOL PROGRAMS .—A school that 
operates a schoolwide program under this subsection may use funds made available under this part to establish, expand, or en-hance preschool programs for children aged 5 or younger. 
‘‘(d) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school selected to 
receive funds under subsection (a)(3) for which the local educational agency serving such school, based on the results of the com-prehensive needs assessment conducted under subsection (b)(2), determines that the school will operate a targeted assistance school program, may use funds received under this part only for programs that pro-vide services to eligible children under para-graph (3)(A)(ii) who are identified as having the greatest need for special assistance. 
‘‘(2) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO -
GRAM .—Each school operating a targeted as-
sistance school program shall develop a plan, in consultation with the local educational 
agency and other individuals as determined by the school, that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of the results of the 
comprehensive needs assessments of the en-tire school required under subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(B) a description of the process for deter-
mining which students will be served and the students to be served; 
‘‘(C) a description of how the activities 
supported under this part will be coordinated with and incorporated into the regular edu-cation program of the school; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the program will 
serve participating students identified under paragraph (3)(A)(ii), including by— 
‘‘(i) using resources under this part, such 
as support for programs, activities, and courses in core academic subjects to help participating children meet the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) using methods and instructional 
strategies that are evidence-based to strengthen the core academic program of the school and that may include— 
‘‘(I) expanded learning time, before- and 
after-school programs, and summer pro-grams and opportunities; or 
‘‘(II) a multi-tiered system of supports, 
positive behavioral interventions and sup-ports, and early intervening services; 
‘‘(iii) coordinating with and supporting the 
regular education program, which may in-clude services to assist preschool children in the transition from early childhood edu-cation programs such as Head Start, the lit-eracy program under part D of title II, or State-run preschool programs to elementary school programs; 
‘‘(iv) supporting effective teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals, and, if appropriate, specialized in-structional support personnel, and other school personnel who work with partici-pating children in programs under this sub-section or in the regular education program with resources provided under this part, and, to the extent practicable, from other sources, through professional development; 
‘‘(v) implementing strategies to increase 
parental involvement of parents of partici-pating children in accordance with section 1115; and 
‘‘(vi) if applicable, coordinating and inte-
grating Federal, State, and local services and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence prevention pro-grams, nutrition programs, housing pro-grams, Head Start programs, adult education programs, career and technical education, and intervention and supports in schools 
identified as in need of intervention and sup-port under section 1114; and 
‘‘(E) assurances that the school will— ‘‘(i) help provide an accelerated, high-qual-
ity curriculum; 
‘‘(ii) minimize removing children from the 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this part; and 
‘‘(iii) on an ongoing basis, review the 
progress of participating children and revise the plan under this section, if necessary, to provide additional assistance to enable such children to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE CHILDREN .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBLE POPULATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The eligible population 
for services under this subsection shall be— 
‘‘(I) children not older than age 21 who are 
entitled to a free public education through grade 12; and 
‘‘(II) children who are not yet at a grade 
level at which the local educational agency provides a free public education. 
‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE CHILDREN FROM ELIGIBLE POP -
ULATION .—From the population described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5343 July 21, 2015 
clause (i), eligible children are children iden-
tified by the school as failing, or most at risk of failing, to meet the challenging State academic standards on the basis of multiple, educationally related, objective criteria es-tablished by the local educational agency and supplemented by the school, except that children from preschool through grade 2 shall be selected solely on the basis of cri-teria, including objective criteria, estab-lished by the local educational agency and supplemented by the school. 
‘‘(B) C
HILDREN INCLUDED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Children who are eco-
nomically disadvantaged, children with dis-abilities, migrant children, or children who 
are English learners, are eligible for services under this subsection on the same basis as other children selected to receive services under this subsection. 
‘‘(ii) H
EAD START AND PRESCHOOL CHIL -
DREN .—A child who, at any time in the 2 
years preceding the year for which the deter-mination is made, participated in a Head Start program, the literacy program under part D of title II, or in preschool services under this title, is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(iii) M
IGRANT CHILDREN .—A child who, at 
any time in the 2 years preceding the year for which the determination is made, re-ceived services under part C is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(iv) N
EGLECTED OR DELINQUENT CHIL -
DREN .—A child in a local institution for ne-
glected or delinquent children and youth or attending a community day program for such children is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(v) H
OMELESS CHILDREN .—A child who is 
homeless and attending any school served by the local educational agency is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—Funds received under 
this subsection may not be used to provide services that are otherwise required by law to be made available to children described in subparagraph (B) but may be used to coordi-nate or supplement such services. 
‘‘(4) I
NTEGRATION OF PROFESSIONAL DEVEL -
OPMENT .—To promote the integration of staff 
supported with funds under this subsection into the regular school program and overall school planning and improvement efforts, public school personnel who are paid with funds received under this subsection may— 
‘‘(A) participate in general professional de-
velopment and school planning activities; and 
‘‘(B) assume limited duties that are as-
signed to similar personnel who are not so paid, including duties beyond classroom in-struction or that do not benefit participating children, so long as the amount of time spent on such duties is the same proportion of total work time as prevails with respect to similar personnel at the same school. 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) S IMULTANEOUS SERVICE .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a school from serving students under this subsection simultaneously with students with similar educational needs, in the same educational settings where appropriate. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .—If health, 
nutrition, and other social services are not otherwise available to eligible children in a school operating a targeted assistance school program and such school, if appropriate, has established a collaborative partnership with local service providers and funds are not rea-sonably available from other public or pri-vate sources to provide such services, then a portion of the funds provided under this sub-section may be used to provide such services, including through— ‘‘(i) the provision of basic medical equip-
ment and services, such as eyeglasses and hearing aids; 
‘‘(ii) compensation of a coordinator; ‘‘(iii) family support and engagement serv-
ices; 
‘‘(iv) health care services and integrated 
student supports to address the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of chil-dren; and 
‘‘(v) professional development necessary to 
assist teachers, specialized instructional support personnel, other staff, and parents in identifying and meeting the comprehensive needs of eligible children. 
‘‘(e) U
SE FOR DUAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLL -
MENT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency carrying out a schoolwide program or a targeted assistance school program under subsection (c) or (d) in a high school may use funds received under this part— 
‘‘(A) to carry out— 
‘‘(i) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams for high school students, through which the students are enrolled in the high school and in postsecondary courses at an in-stitution of higher education; or 
‘‘(ii) programs that allow a student to con-
tinue in a dual or concurrent enrollment pro-gram at a high school for the school year fol-lowing the student’s completion of grade 12; or 
‘‘(B) to provide training for teachers, and 
joint professional development for teachers in collaboration with career and technical educators and educators from institutions of higher education where appropriate, for the purpose of integrating rigorous academics in dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(2) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency using funds received under this part for a dual or concurrent program described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) may use such funds for any of the costs associated with such program, including the costs of— 
‘‘(A) tuition and fees, books, and required 
instructional materials for such program; and 
‘‘(B) transportation to and from such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to impose on any State any requirement or rule regard-ing dual or concurrent enrollment programs that is inconsistent with State law. 
‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to require a local edu-cational agency or school to submit the re-sults of a comprehensive needs assessment under subsection (b)(2) or a plan under sub-section (c) or (d) for review or approval by the Secretary. 
‘‘SEC. 1114. SCHOOL IDENTIFICATION, INTERVEN-
TIONS, AND SUPPORTS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REVIEW AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall use the system designed by the State under section 1111(b)(3) to annually— 
‘‘(A) identify the public schools that re-
ceive funds under this part and are in need of intervention and support using the method established by the State in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii); 
‘‘(B) require for inclusion— ‘‘(i) on each local educational agency re-
port card required under section 1111(d), the names of schools served by the agency iden-tified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) on each school report card required 
under section 1111(d), whether the school was identified under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) ensure that all public schools that re-
ceive funds under this part and are identified as in need of intervention and support under 
subparagraph (A), implement an evidence- based intervention or support strategy de-signed by the State or local educational agency described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(3); 
‘‘(D) prioritize intervention and supports 
in the identified schools most in need of intervention and support, as determined by the State, using the results of the account-ability system under 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii); and 
‘‘(E) monitor and evaluate the implemen-
tation of school intervention and support strategies by local educational agencies, in-cluding in the lowest-performing elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, and use the results of the evaluation to take appropriate steps to change or improve interventions or support strategies as nec-essary. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1)(A), a 
State educational agency may— 
‘‘(A) identify any middle school or high 
school as in need of intervention and support if at least 40 percent of the children served by such school are from low-income families (as measured under section 1113(a)(1)(E)(ii)); and 
‘‘(B) use funds provided under subsection 
(c) to assist such school consistent with such subsection. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—The State educational agency 
shall— 
‘‘(A) make technical assistance available 
to local educational agencies that serve schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A); 
‘‘(B) if the State educational agency deter-
mines that a local educational agency failed to carry out its responsibilities under this section, take such actions as the State edu-cational agency determines to be appro-priate and in compliance with State law to assist the local educational agency and en-sure that such local educational agency is carrying out its responsibilities; 
‘‘(C) inform local educational agencies of 
schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A) in a timely and easily accessible manner that is before the beginning of the school year; and 
‘‘(D) publicize and disseminate to the pub-
lic, including teachers, principals and other school leaders, and parents, the results of the State review under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REVIEW  
ANDRESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency with a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall, in consultation with teachers, principals and other school leaders, school personnel, parents, and community mem-bers— 
‘‘(A) conduct a review of such school, in-
cluding by examining the indicators and measures included in the State-determined accountability system described in section 1111(b)(3)(B) to determine the factors that led to such identification; 
‘‘(B) conduct a review of the agency’s poli-
cies, procedures, personnel decisions, and budgetary decisions, including the measures on the local educational agency and school report cards under section 1111(d) that im-pact the school and could have contributed to the identification of the school; 
‘‘(C) develop and implement appropriate 
intervention and support strategies, as de-scribed in paragraph (3), that are propor-tional to the identified needs of the school, for assisting the identified school; 
‘‘(D) develop a rigorous comprehensive 
plan that will be publicly available and pro-vided to parents, for ensuring the successful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5344 July 21, 2015 
implementation of the intervention and sup-
port strategies described in paragraph (3) in identified schools, which may include— 
‘‘(i) technical assistance that will be pro-
vided to the school; 
‘‘(ii) improved delivery of services to be 
provided by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) increased support for stronger cur-
riculum, program of instruction, wraparound services, or other resources provided to stu-dents in the school; 
‘‘(iv) any changes to personnel necessary 
to improve educational opportunities for children in the school; 
‘‘(v) redesigning how time for student 
learning or teacher collaboration is used within the school; 
‘‘(vi) using data to inform instruction for 
continuous improvement; 
‘‘(vii) providing increased coaching or sup-
port for principals and other school leaders to have the knowledge and skills to lead and implement efforts to improve schools and to support teachers to improve instruction; 
‘‘(viii) improving school climate and safe-
ty; 
‘‘(ix) providing ongoing mechanisms for 
family and community engagement to im-prove student learning; and 
‘‘(x) establishing partnerships with enti-
ties, including private entities with a dem-onstrated record of improving student achievement, that will assist the local edu-cational agency in fulfilling its responsibil-ities under this section; and 
‘‘(E) collect and use data on an ongoing 
basis to monitor the results of the interven-tion and support strategies and adjust such strategies as necessary during implementa-tion in order to improve student academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO PARENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency shall promptly provide to a parent or parents of each student enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) in an easily accessible and understandable form and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand— 
‘‘(A) an explanation of what the identifica-
tion means, and how the school compares in terms of academic achievement and other measures in the State accountability system under section 1111(b)(3)(B) to other schools served by the local educational agency and the State educational agency involved; 
‘‘(B) the reasons for the identification; ‘‘(C) an explanation of what the local edu-
cational agency or State educational agency is doing to help the school address student academic achievement and other measures, 
including a description of the intervention and support strategies developed under para-graph (1)(C) that will be implemented in the school; 
‘‘(D) an explanation of how the parents can 
become involved in addressing academic achievement and other measures that caused the school to be identified; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of the parents’ option 
to transfer their child to another public school under paragraph (4), if applicable. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT  
STRATEGIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with sub-
section (a)(1) and paragraph (1), a local edu-cational agency shall develop and implement evidence-based intervention and support strategies for an identified school that the local educational agency determines appro-priate to address the needs of students in such identified school, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be designed to address the specific rea-
sons for identification, as described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) be implemented, at a minimum, in a 
manner that is proportional to the specific reasons for identification, as described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); 
and 
‘‘(iii) distinguish between the lowest-per-
forming schools and other schools identified as in need of intervention and support for other reasons, including schools with cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i), as determined by the review in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) S
TATE DETERMINED STRATEGIES .—Con-
sistent with State law, a State educational agency may establish alternative evidence- based State determined strategies that can be used by local educational agencies to as-sist a school identified as in need of inter-vention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A), in addition to the assistance strate-gies developed by a local educational agency under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency may provide all students enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) with the option to transfer to another public school served by the local educational agen-cy, unless such an option is prohibited by State law. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In providing students the 
option to transfer to another public school, the local educational agency shall give pri-ority to the lowest-achieving children from low-income families, as determined by the local educational agency for the purposes of allocating funds to schools under section 1113(a)(3). 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT .—Students who use the 
option to transfer to another public school shall be enrolled in classes and other activi-ties in the public school to which the stu-dents transfer in the same manner as all other children at the public school. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—A local educational 
agency shall permit a child who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the child has completed the highest grade in that school. 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING FOR TRANSPORTATION .—A 
local educational agency may spend an 
amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to pay for the provision of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL INTER -
FERENCE WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize or permit the Secretary to estab-lish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(A) any school intervention or support 
strategy that States or local educational agencies shall use to assist schools identified as in need of intervention and support under this section; or 
‘‘(B) the weight of any indicator or meas-
ure that a State shall use to identify schools under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) F
UNDS FOR LOCAL SCHOOL INTERVEN -
TIONS AND SUPPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the total 
amount appropriated under section 1002(f) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to States and the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, through an allotment as determined under subparagraph (B), to carry out the activities described in this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
LLOTMENTS .—From the total amount 
appropriated under section 1002(f) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State, the Bureau of Indian Education of the De-partment of the Interior, and each outlying area for such fiscal year with an approved application, an amount that bears the same relationship to such total amount as the 
amount such State, the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, or such outlying area received under parts A, C, and D of this title for the most recent pre-ceding fiscal year for which the data are available bears to the amount received by all such States, the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, and all such outlying areas under parts A, C, and D of this title for such most recent preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE APPLICATION .—A State (includ-
ing, for the purpose of this paragraph, the Bureau of Indian Education) that desires to receive school intervention and support funds under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire, which shall include a description of— 
‘‘(A) the process and the criteria that the 
State will use to award subgrants under paragraph (4)(A), including how the sub-grants will serve schools identified by the State as the lowest-performing schools under subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) the process and the criteria the State 
will use to determine whether the local edu-cational agency’s proposal for serving each identified school meets the requirements of paragraph (6) and other provisions of this section; 
‘‘(C) how the State will ensure that local 
educational agencies conduct a comprehen-sive review of each identified school as re-quired under subsection (b) to identify evi-dence-based school intervention and support strategies that are likely to be successful in each particular school; 
‘‘(D) how the State will ensure geographic 
diversity in making subgrants; 
‘‘(E) how the State will set priorities in 
awarding subgrants to local educational agencies, including how the State will prioritize local educational agencies serving elementary schools and secondary schools identified as the lowest-performing schools under subsection (a)(1) that will use sub-grants to serve such schools; 
‘‘(F) how the State will monitor and evalu-
ate the implementation of evidence-based school intervention and support strategies supported by funds under this subsection; and 
‘‘(G) how the State will reduce barriers for 
schools in the implementation of school intervention and support strategies, includ-ing by providing operational flexibility that would enable complete implementation of the selected school intervention and support strategy. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION ; TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE ; EXCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives an 
allotment under this subsection may reserve not more than a total of 5 percent of such al-lotment for the administration of this sub-section to carry out its responsibilities under subsection (a)(3) to support school and local educational agency interventions and supports, which may include activities aimed at building State capacity to support and monitor the local educational agency and school intervention and supports. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State educational agency may reserve from the amount allotted under this subsection additional funds to meet its responsibilities under subsection (a)(3)(B) if a local educational agency fails to carry out its responsibilities under subsection (b), but shall not reserve more than necessary to meet such State responsibilities. 
‘‘(4) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts 
awarded to a State under this subsection, the State educational agency shall allocate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5345 July 21, 2015 
not less than 95 percent to make subgrants 
to local educational agencies, on a competi-tive basis, to serve schools identified as in need of intervention and support under sub-section (a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(B) D
URATION .—The State educational 
agency shall award subgrants under this paragraph for a period of not more than 5 years, which period may include a planning year. 
‘‘(C) C
RITERIA .—Subgrants awarded under 
this section shall be of sufficient size to en-able a local educational agency to effectively implement the selected intervention and support strategy. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as prohib-iting a State from allocating subgrants under this subsection to a statewide school district, consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools identified as in need of intervention and support under this section, if such entities are legally constituted or recognized as local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—In order to receive a 
subgrant under this subsection, a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such form, and including such infor-mation as the State educational agency may require. Each application shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process the local 
educational agency has used for selecting an appropriate evidence-based school interven-tion and support strategy for each school to be served, including how the local edu-cational agency has analyzed the needs of each such school in accordance with sub-section (b)(1) and meaningfully consulted with teachers, principals, and other school leaders in selecting such intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(B) the specific evidence-based school 
interventions and supports to be used in each school to be served, how these interventions and supports will address the needs identi-fied in the review under subsection (b)(1), and the timeline for implementing such school interventions and supports in each school to be served; 
‘‘(C) a detailed budget covering the grant 
period, including planned expenditures at the school level for activities supporting full and effective implementation of the selected school intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) design and implement the selected 
school intervention and support strategy, in accordance with the requirements of sub-section (b)(1)(C), including the use of appro-priate measures to monitor the effectiveness of implementation; 
‘‘(ii) use a rigorous review process to re-
cruit, screen, select, and evaluate any exter-nal partners with whom the local edu-cational agency will partner; 
‘‘(iii) align other Federal, State, and local 
resources with the intervention and support strategy to reduce duplication, increase effi-ciency, and assist identified schools in com-plying with reporting requirements of Fed-eral and State programs; 
‘‘(iv) modify practices and policies, if nec-
essary, to provide operational flexibility that enables full and effective implementa-tion of the selected school intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(v) collect and use data on an ongoing 
basis to adjust the intervention and support strategy during implementation, and, if nec-essary, modify or implement a different strategy if implementation is not effective, in order to improve student academic achievement; ‘‘(vi) ensure that the implementation of 
the intervention and support strategy meets the needs of each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(vii) provide information to parents, 
guardians, teachers, and other stakeholders about the effectiveness of implementation, to the extent practicable, in a language that the parents can understand; and 
‘‘(viii) sustain successful reforms and prac-
tices after the funding period ends; 
‘‘(E) a description of the technical assist-
ance and other support that the local edu-cational agency will provide to ensure effec-tive implementation of school intervention and support strategies in identified schools, in accordance with subsection (b)(1)(D), such as ensuring that identified schools have ac-cess to resources like facilities, professional development, and technology and adopting human resource policies that prioritize re-cruitment, retention, and placement of effec-tive staff in identified schools; and 
‘‘(F) an assurance that each school the 
local educational agency proposes to serve will receive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) L
OCAL ACTIVITIES .—A local educational 
agency that receives a subgrant under this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall use the subgrant funds to imple-
ment evidence-based school intervention and support strategies consistent with sub-section (a)(1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) may use the subgrant funds to carry 
out, at the local educational agency level, activities that directly support the imple-mentation of the intervention and support strategies such as— 
‘‘(i) assistance in data collection and anal-
ysis; 
‘‘(ii) recruiting and retaining staff; ‘‘(iii) high-quality, evidence-based profes-
sional development; 
‘‘(iv) coordination of services to address 
students’ non-academic needs; and 
‘‘(v) progress monitoring. ‘‘(7) R
EPORTING .—A State that receives 
funds under this subsection shall report to the Secretary a list of all the local edu-cational agencies that received a subgrant under this subsection and for each local edu-cational agency that received a subgrant, a list of all the schools that were served, the amount of funds each school received, and the intervention and support strategies im-plemented in each school. 
‘‘(8) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—A local 
educational agency or State shall use Fed-eral funds received under this subsection only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from non-Federal sources for the education of students participating in pro-grams funded under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of un-derstanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers.’’; 
(2) by striking section 1119; and (3) by redesignating sections 1118, 1120, 
1120A, and 1120B as sections 1115, 1116, 1117, and 1118, respectively. 
SEC. 1005. PARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT. 
Section 1115, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ PA-
RENTAL INVOLVEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ PARENT  
AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘conducts outreach to all 
parents and family members and’’ after ‘‘only if such agency’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘and procedures for the involvement of parents’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘, and distribute to, parents’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘written parent involve-
ment policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘expectations for parent 
involvement’’ and inserting ‘‘expectations and objectives for meaningful parent and family involvement’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(F) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) involve parents and family members 
in jointly developing the local educational agency plan under section 1112 and the proc-ess of school review and intervention and support under section 1114; 
‘‘(B) provide the coordination, technical 
assistance, and other support necessary to assist and build the capacity of all partici-pating schools within the local educational agency in planning and implementing effec-tive parent and family involvement activi-ties to improve student academic achieve-ment and school performance, which may in-clude meaningful consultation with employ-ers, business leaders, and philanthropic orga-nizations, or individuals with expertise in ef-fectively engaging parents and family mem-bers in education; 
‘‘(C) coordinate and integrate parent and 
family engagement strategies under this part with parent and family engagement strategies, to the extent feasible and appro-priate, with other relevant Federal, State, and local laws and programs; 
‘‘(D) conduct, with the meaningful involve-
ment of parents and family members, an an-nual evaluation of the content and effective-ness of the parent and family engagement policy in improving the academic quality of all schools served under this part, including identifying— 
‘‘(i) barriers to greater participation by 
parents in activities authorized by this sec-tion (with particular attention to parents who are economically disadvantaged, are dis-abled, are English learners, have limited lit-eracy, or are of any racial or ethnic minority background); 
‘‘(ii) the needs of parents and family mem-
bers to assist with the learning of their chil-
dren, including engaging with school per-sonnel and teachers; and 
‘‘(iii) strategies to support successful 
school and family interactions; 
‘‘(E) use the findings of such evaluation in 
subparagraph (D) to design evidence-based strategies for more effective parental in-volvement, and to revise, if necessary, the parent and family engagement policies de-scribed in this section; and 
‘‘(F) involve parents in the activities of the 
schools served under this part, which may include establishing a parent advisory board comprised of a sufficient number and rep-resentative group of parents or family mem-bers served by the local educational agency to adequately represent the needs of the pop-ulation served by such agency for the pur-poses of developing, revising, and reviewing the parent and family engagement policy.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency shall reserve at least 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out the activities described in this section, except that this subparagraph shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5346 July 21, 2015 
not apply if 1 percent of such agency’s allo-
cation under subpart 2 for the fiscal year for which the determination is made is $5,000 or less. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to limit local educational agencies from reserving more than the 1 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to assist schools to carry out activities described in this sec-tion.’’; 
(i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) 
P
ARENTAL INPUT .—Parents of children’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(B) P ARENT AND FAMILY MEMBER  
INPUT .—Parents and family members of chil-
dren’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘95 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘85 percent’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, with priority given to 
high-need schools’’ after ‘‘schools served under this part’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved under 
subparagraph (A) by a local educational agency shall be used to carry out activities and strategies consistent with the local edu-cational agency’s parent and family engage-ment policy, including not less than 1 of the following: 
‘‘(i) Supporting schools and nonprofit orga-
nizations in providing professional develop-ment for local educational agency and school personnel regarding parent and family en-gagement strategies, which may be provided jointly to teachers, school leaders, special-ized instructional support personnel, para-professionals, early childhood educators, and parents and family members. 
‘‘(ii) Supporting home visitation programs. ‘‘(iii) Disseminating information on best 
practices focused on parent and family en-gagement, especially best practices for in-creasing the engagement of economically disadvantaged parents and family members. 
‘‘(iv) Collaborating or providing subgrants 
to schools to enable such schools to collabo-rate with community-based or other organi-zations or employers with a demonstrated record of success in improving and increas-ing parent and family engagement. 
‘‘(v) Engaging in any other activities and 
strategies that the local educational agency determines are appropriate and consistent with such agency’s parent and family en-gagement policy, which may include finan-cial literacy activities and adult education and literacy activities, as defined in section 203 of the Adult Education and Family Lit-eracy Act.’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT POLICY ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘P ARENTAL AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT  
POLICY ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘distribute to, parents’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘written parental involve-
ment policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘parental involvement pol-
icy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family en-gagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘that applies to all parents’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘school district-level paren-
tal involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-trict-level parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members in 
all schools served by the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘policy that applies to all par-ents’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘parental 
involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘the 
proficiency levels students are expected to meet’’ and inserting ‘‘the achievement levels of the challenging State academic stand-ards’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
1114(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(c)(2)’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engage-ment policy’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the State’s student aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, such as monitoring at-
tendance, homework completion, and tele-
vision watching’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensuring regular two-way, meaningful 
communication between family members and school staff, to the extent practicable, in a language that family members can under-stand and access.’’; 
(6) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the 
State’s academic content standards and State student academic achievement stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tech-
nology’’ and inserting ‘‘technology (includ-ing education about the harms of copyright piracy)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services personnel, principals’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel, principals, and other school leaders’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Head 
Start, Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program,’’ and inserting ‘‘other relevant Federal, State, and local laws,’’; 
(7) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) A
CCESSIBILITY .—In carrying out the 
parent and family engagement requirements of this part, local educational agencies and schools, to the extent practicable, shall pro-vide opportunities for the full and informed participation of parents and family members (including parents and family members who are English learners, parents and family members with disabilities, and parents and family members of migratory children), in-cluding providing information and school re-ports required under section 1111 in a format and, to the extent practicable, in a language such parents understand.’’; and 
(8) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘parental 
involvement policies’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policies’’. 
SEC. 1006. PARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN EN-
ROLLED IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1116, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 1115(b)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1113(d)(3)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘sections 1118 and 1119’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 1115’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits to eligi-ble private school children shall be equal to the proportion of funds allocated to partici-pating school attendance areas based on the number of children from low-income families 
who attend private schools. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM OF DETERMINATION .—The local 
educational agency may determine the equi-table share each year or every 2 years. 
‘‘(C) M
ETHOD OF DETERMINATION .—The pro-
portional share of funds shall be deter-mined— 
‘‘(i) based on the total allocation received 
by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) prior to any allowable expenditures or 
transfers by the local educational agency.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the propor-
tion of funds’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and how that proportion 
of funds is determined’’ after ‘‘such serv-ices’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1113(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(a)(3)’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) whether the agency shall provide serv-
ices directly or assign responsibility for the provision of services to a separate govern-ment agency, consortium, or entity, or to a third-party contractor.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘did not give 
due consideration’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, or did not make a deci-
sion that treats the private school students equitably as required by this section’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1007. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
Section 1117, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL FUNDS TOSUPPLEMENT , NOT 
SUPPLANT , NON-FEDERAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency shall use Federal funds received under this part only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from non-Federal sources for the education of students participating in pro-grams assisted under this part, and not to supplant such funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .—To demonstrate compli-
ance with paragraph (1), a local educational agency shall demonstrate that the method-ology used to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part ensures that such school receives all of the State and local funds it would oth-erwise receive if it were not receiving assist-ance under this part. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—No local educational 
agency shall be required to— 
‘‘(A) identify that an individual cost or 
service supported under this part is supple-mental; and 
‘‘(B) provide services under this part 
through a particular instructional method or in a particular instructional setting in order to demonstrate such agency’s compliance with paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize or permit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the specific methodology a local educational agency uses to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
IMELINE .—A local educational agen-
cy— 
‘‘(A) shall meet the compliance require-
ment under paragraph (2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.035 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5347 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) may demonstrate compliance with the 
requirement under paragraph (1) before the end of such 2-year period using the method such local educational agency used on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 1008. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1118, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘, early childhood education programs, in-cluding by developing agreements with such Head Start agencies and other entities to carry out such activities’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘early childhood development programs, such as the Early Reading First program,’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development program such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education program’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Early Reading First pro-
gram staff,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘early childhood develop-
ment program’’ and inserting ‘‘early child-hood education program’’; 
(F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and enti-
ties carrying out Early Reading First pro-grams’’. 
SEC. 1009. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 1125A(f)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)(C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘challenging State academic content stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 1010. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
Section 1122 (20 U.S.C. 6332) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL ALLOCATION .—For each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021 (referred to in this subsection as the ‘current fiscal year’), the Secretary shall allocate $17,000,000,000 of the amount appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part (or, if the total amount appropriated for this part is equal to or less than $17,000,000,000, all of such amount) in ac-cordance with the following: 
‘‘(A) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124 for fiscal year 2015 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124. 
‘‘(B) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124A for fiscal year 2015 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124A. 
‘‘(C) An amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the amount made available under this paragraph for the cur-rent fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1125 and 1125A. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATIONS IN EXCESS OF  
$17,000,000,000.—For each of the current fiscal 
years for which the amounts appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part 
exceed $17,000,000,000, an amount equal to such excess amount shall be allocated in ac-cordance with section 1123.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘under this subpart’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1)’’ 
after ‘‘become available’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
the extent amounts under subsection (a)(1) are available’’ after ‘‘For each fiscal year’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘under 
this subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
SEC. 1011. EQUITY GRANTS. 
Subpart 2 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1122 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1123. EQUITY GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From funds appro-
priated under section 1002(a) for a fiscal year and available for allocation pursuant to sec-tion 1122(a)(2), the Secretary is authorized to make grants to States, from allotments under subsection (b), to carry out the pro-grams and activities of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION BASED UPONCONCENTRA -
TIONS OF POVERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C), funds appro-priated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be allotted to each State based upon the number of children counted under section 1124(c) in such State multiplied by the product of— 
‘‘(i) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico); multi-plied by 
‘‘(ii) 1.30 minus such State’s equity factor 
described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) P
UERTO RICO .—For each fiscal year, 
the Secretary shall allot to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico an amount of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) that bears the same relation to the total amount of funds appropriated under such subsection as the amount that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico received under this subpart for fiscal year 2015 bears to the total amount re-ceived by all States for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE MINIMUM .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section, except for subparagraph (B), from the total amount available for any fiscal year to carry out this section, each State shall be allotted at least the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) 0.35 percent of the total amount avail-
able to carry out this section for such fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the average of— ‘‘(I) 0.35 percent of such total amount for 
such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) 150 percent of the national average 
grant under this section per child described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor, multiplied by the State’s total number of children described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITY FACTOR .— 
‘‘(A) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall deter-mine the equity factor under this section for each State in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) C
OMPUTATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For each State, the Sec-
retary shall compute a weighted coefficient of variation for the per-pupil expenditures of local educational agencies in accordance with subclauses (II), (III), and (IV). 
‘‘(II) V
ARIATION .—In computing coeffi-
cients of variation, the Secretary shall weigh the variation between per-pupil expenditures in each local educational agency and the av-erage per-pupil expenditures in the State ac-cording to the number of pupils served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(III) N
UMBER OF PUPILS .—In determining 
the number of pupils under this paragraph served by each local educational agency and in each State, the Secretary shall multiply the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) by a factor of 1.4. 
‘‘(IV) E
NROLLMENT REQUIREMENT .—In com-
puting coefficients of variation, the Sec-retary shall include only those local edu-cational agencies with an enrollment of more than 200 students. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The equity factor for 
a State that meets the disparity standard de-scribed in section 222.162 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (as such section was in effect on the day preceding the date of enact-ment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001) or a State with only one local educational agency shall be not greater than 0.10. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS ; ELIGIBILITY OF LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—All funds awarded 
to each State under this section shall be al-located to local educational agencies under the following provisions: 
‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Within local edu-
cational agencies, funds allocated under this section shall be distributed to schools on a basis consistent with section 1113, and may only be used to carry out activities under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANT .—A local edu-
cational agency in a State is eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section for any fis-cal year if— 
‘‘(A) the number of children in the local 
educational agency counted under section 1124(c), before application of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 10; and 
‘‘(B) if the number of children counted for 
grants under section 1124(c), before applica-tion of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 5 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the school district of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO ELIGIBLE  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds received by States 
under this section for a fiscal year shall be allocated within States to eligible local edu-cational agencies on the basis of weighted child counts calculated in accordance with paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as appropriate for each State. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR LESS  
THAN .10.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor less than .10, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5348 July 21, 2015 
than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-
plied by 1.75; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.5; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.25; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 4.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 3.0. 
‘‘(3) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .10 AND LESS THAN .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .10 and less than .20, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.25; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-
cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.25; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.375; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 4.5. 
‘‘(4) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .20, the weighted child counts referred to in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 6.0; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 8.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, 
multiplied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 3.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section in any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by 
falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State. 
‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENTS WHERE NECESSITATED BY  
APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the sums available 
under this section for any fiscal year are in-sufficient to pay the full amounts that all local educational agencies in States are eli-gible to receive under this section for such year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce the allocations to such local educational agen-cies, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—If additional 
funds become available for making payments under this section for such fiscal year, allo-cations that were reduced under paragraph (1) shall be increased on the same basis as they were reduced. 
‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS AMOUNTS .—Beginning 
with the second fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to carry out this section, and if sufficient funds are available, the amount made available to each local educational agency under this section for a 
fiscal year shall be— 
‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) is equal to or more than 30 per-cent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(B) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 30 percent and equal to or more than 15 percent; and 
‘‘(C) not less than 85 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 15 percent. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not take into consideration the hold-harm-less provisions of this subsection for any fis-cal year for purposes of calculating State or local allocations for the fiscal year under any program administered by the Secretary other than a program authorized under this part. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH POVERTY PERCENTAGE LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘high poverty 
percentage local educational agency’ means a local educational agency for which the number of children determined under sub-section (b) for a fiscal year is 20 percent or more of the total population aged 5 to 17, in-clusive, of the local educational agency for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. 
SEC. 1011A. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING RULE. 
Section 1125AA(b) (20 U.S.C. 6336(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 1122(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1122(a)(1)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5349 July 21, 2015 
SEC. 1011B. EDUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
In section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337)— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 1002(a) and made available under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘pursuant 
to subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘made avail-able for this section under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘clause ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State.’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (f); (7) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f); and 
(8) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (7)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under 
this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be—’’. 
SEC. 1011C. SPECIAL ALLOCATION PROCEDURES. 
Section 1126 (20 U.S.C. 6338) is amended by 
striking ‘‘sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘sections 1123, 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
SEC. 1012. ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS. 
Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 6361 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS 
‘‘SEC. 1201. GRANTS FOR STATE ASSESSMENTS 
AND RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From amounts made available in accord-
ance with section 1204, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) To pay the costs of the development of 
the State assessments and standards adopted under section 1111(b), which may include the 
costs of working in voluntary partnerships with other States, at the sole discretion of each such State. 
‘‘(2) If a State has developed the assess-
ments adopted under section 1111(b), to ad-minister those assessments or to carry out other assessment activities described in this part, such as the following: 
‘‘(A) Expanding the range of appropriate 
accommodations available to children who are English learners and children with dis-abilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, includ-ing professional development activities to improve the implementation of such accom-modations in instructional practice. 
‘‘(B) Developing challenging State aca-
demic standards and aligned assessments in academic subjects for which standards and assessments are not required under section 1111(b). 
‘‘(C) Developing or improving assessments 
of English language proficiency necessary to comply with section 1111(b)(2)(G). 
‘‘(D) Ensuring the continued validity and 
reliability of State assessments. 
‘‘(E) Refining State assessments to ensure 
their continued alignment with the chal-lenging State academic standards and to im-prove the alignment of curricula and instruc-tional materials. 
‘‘(F) Developing or improving the quality, 
validity, and reliability of assessments for children who are English learners, including 
alternative assessments aligned with the challenging State academic standards, test-ing accommodations for children who are English learners, and assessments of English language proficiency. 
‘‘(G) Developing or improving balanced as-
sessment systems that include summative, interim, and formative assessments, includ-ing supporting local educational agencies in developing or improving such assessments. 
‘‘(H) At the discretion of the State, refin-
ing science assessments required under sec-tion 1111(b)(2) in order to integrate engineer-ing design skills and practices into such as-sessments. 
‘‘(I) Developing or improving models to 
measure and assess student growth on State assessments under section 1111(b)(2) and other assessments not required under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘SEC. 1202. GRANTS FOR ENHANCED ASSESS-
MENT INSTRUMENTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From 
amounts made available in accordance with section 1204, the Secretary shall award, on a competitive basis, grants to State edu-cational agencies that have submitted appli-cations at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require, which dem-onstrate, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the requirements of this section will be met, for one of more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Allowing for collaboration with insti-
tutions of higher education, other research institutions, or other organizations to im-prove the quality, validity, and reliability of State academic assessments beyond the re-quirements for such assessments described in section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) Developing or improving assessments 
for students who are children with disabil-ities, including using the principles of uni-versal design for learning, which may in-clude developing assessments aligned to al-ternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities described in section 1111(b)(2)(D). 
‘‘(3) Measuring student progress or aca-
demic growth over time, including by using multiple measures, or developing or improv-ing models to measure and assess growth on State assessments under section 1111(b)(2). ‘‘(4) Evaluating student academic achieve-
ment through the development of com-prehensive academic assessment instru-ments, such as performance and technology- based academic assessments that emphasize the mastery of standards and aligned com-petencies in a competency-based education model, technology-based academic assess-ments, computer adaptive assessments, and portfolios, projects, or extended performance task assessments. 
‘‘(5) Designing the report cards and reports 
under section 1111(d) in an easily accessible, user-friendly manner that cross-tabulates student information by any category the State determines appropriate, as long as such cross-tabulation— 
‘‘(A) does not reveal personally identifiable 
information about an individual student; and 
‘‘(B) is derived from existing State and 
local reporting requirements and data sources. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (5) shall be construed as author-izing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or in-formation to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under this Act. 
‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section shall submit an annual report to the Secretary describing its activities under the grant and the result of such activities. 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds provided under 
this section to the Secretary shall be used to mandate, direct, control, incentivize, or make financial awards conditioned upon a State (or a consortium of States) developing any assessment common to a number of States, including testing activities prohib-ited under section 9529. 
‘‘SEC. 1203. AUDITS OF ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 1204(b)(1)(C) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State for the first time— 
‘‘(A) carry out audits of State assessment 
systems and ensure that local educational agencies carry out audits of local assess-ments under subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(B) prepare and carry out the State plan 
under subsection (e)(6); and 
‘‘(C) award subgrants under subsection (f); 
and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
‘‘(A) carry out the State plan under sub-
section (e)(6); and 
‘‘(B) award subgrants under subsection (f). ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Each State with 
an approved application shall receive a grant amount of not less than $1,500,000 per fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATION .—If a State chooses not 
to apply to receive a grant under this sub-section, or if such State’s application under subsection (d) is disapproved by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States with approved applications. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) A
UDITS OF STATE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEMS AND LOCAL ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UDIT REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 
1 year after a State receives a grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of the State assess-
ment system; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5350 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency under the State’s jurisdiction and re-ceiving funds under this Act— 
‘‘(i) conducts an audit of each local assess-
ment administered by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) submits the results of such audit to 
the State; and 
‘‘(C) report the results of each State and 
local educational agency audit conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B), in a format that is— 
‘‘(i) publicly available, such as a widely ac-
cessible online platform; and 
‘‘(ii) with appropriate accessibility provi-
sions for individuals with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(2) R
ESOURCES FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), 
each State shall develop and provide local educational agencies with resources, such as guidelines and protocols, to assist the agen-cies in conducting and reporting the results of the audit required under such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DESCRIP -
TION.—An audit of a State assessment sys-
tem conducted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude a description of each State assessment carried out in the State, including— 
‘‘(A) the grade and subject matter assessed; ‘‘(B) whether the assessment is required 
under section 1111(b)(2) or allowed under sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(C) the annual cost to the State edu-
cational agency involved in developing, pur-chasing, administering, and scoring the as-sessment; 
‘‘(D) the purpose for which the assessment 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used, including assessments designed to contribute to systems of im-provement of teaching and learning; 
‘‘(E) the time for disseminating assessment 
results; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the assessment is 
aligned with the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(G) a description of any State law or reg-
ulation that established the requirement for the assessment; 
‘‘(H) the schedule and calendar for all 
State assessments given; and 
‘‘(I) a description of the State’s policies for 
inclusion of English learners and children with disabilities participating in assess-ments, including developing and promoting the use of appropriate accommodations. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL ASSESSMENT DESCRIPTION .—An 
audit of a local assessment conducted under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the local assessment carried out by the local 
educational agency, including— 
‘‘(A) the descriptions listed in subpara-
graphs (A), (D), and (E) of paragraph (3); 
‘‘(B) the annual cost to the local edu-
cational agency of developing, purchasing, administering, and scoring the assessment; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the assessment is 
aligned to the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(D) a description of any State or local law 
or regulation that establishes the require-ment for the assessment; and 
‘‘(E) in the case of a summative assessment 
that is used for accountability purposes, whether the assessment is valid and reliable and consistent with nationally recognized professional and technical standards. 
‘‘(5) S
TAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK .—Each audit 
of a State assessment system or local assess-ment system conducted under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall include feed-back on such system from education stake-holders, which shall cover information such as— 
‘‘(A) how educators, school leaders, and ad-
ministrators use assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; ‘‘(B) the timing of release of assessment 
data; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which assessment data 
is presented in an accessible and understand-able format for educators, school leaders, parents, students (if appropriate), and the community; 
‘‘(D) the opportunities, resources, and 
training educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
‘‘(E) the distribution of technological re-
sources and personnel necessary to admin-ister assessments; 
‘‘(F) the amount of time educators spend 
on assessment preparation; 
‘‘(G) the assessments that administrators, 
educators, parents, and students, if appro-priate, do and do not find useful; 
‘‘(H) the amount of time students spend 
taking the assessments; and 
‘‘(I) other information as appropriate. ‘‘(6) S
TATE PLAN ON AUDIT FINDINGS .— 
‘‘(A) P REPARING THE STATE PLAN .—Not 
later than 6 months after a State conducts an audit under paragraph (1) and based on the results of such audit, the State shall, in coordination with the local educational agencies under the jurisdiction of the State, prepare and submit to the Secretary a plan to improve and streamline State assessment systems and local assessment systems, in-cluding through activities such as— 
‘‘(i) developing and maintaining lists of 
State and local assessments that— 
‘‘(I) align to the State’s content standards 
under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) are valid, reliable, and remain con-
sistent with nationally recognized profes-sional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(III) contribute to systems of continuous 
improvement for teaching and learning; 
‘‘(ii) eliminating any assessments that are 
not required under section 1111(b)(2) (such as buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers) that do not meet the contributing factors of high- quality assessments listed under subclauses (I) through (III) of clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) supporting the dissemination of best 
practices from local educational agencies or 
other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; 
‘‘(iv) supporting local educational agencies 
or consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assess-ment systems and implementing a regular process of review and evaluation of assess-ment use in local educational agencies; 
‘‘(v) disseminating the assessment data in 
an accessible and understandable format for educators, parents, and families; and 
‘‘(vi) decreasing time between admin-
istering such State assessments and releas-ing assessment data. 
‘‘(B) C
ARRY OUT THE STATE PLAN .—A State 
shall carry out a State plan as soon as prac-ticable after the State prepares such State plan under subparagraph (A) and during each grant period of a grant described in sub-section (a)(2) that is awarded to the State. 
‘‘(f) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount award-
ed to a State under this section, the State shall reserve not less than 20 percent of funds to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State, or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on dem-onstrated need in the agency’s or consor-tium’s application to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment with the chal-lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TION.—Each local educational agency, or 
consortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection 
shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such other information as determined by the State. The application shall include a de-scription of the agency’s or consortium’s needs to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment (as described in paragraph (1)). 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A subgrant awarded 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of local assessments 
under subsection (e)(1)(B); 
‘‘(B) eliminate any assessments identified 
for elimination by such audit, such as by buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers; 
‘‘(C) disseminate the best practices de-
scribed in subsection (e)(6)(A)(ii); 
‘‘(D) improve the capacity of school leaders 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable for-mat for parents and families, including for children with disabilities or English learn-ers; 
‘‘(E) improve assessment delivery systems 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where ap-propriate; 
‘‘(F) hire instructional coaches, or promote 
educators who may receive increased com-pensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support educators to develop classroom- based assessments, interpret assessment data, and design instruction; and 
‘‘(G) provide for appropriate accommoda-
tions to maximize inclusion of children with disabilities and English learners partici-pating in assessments. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) L OCAL ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘local 
assessment’ means an academic assessment selected and carried out by a local edu-cational agency that is separate from an as-sessment required by section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1204. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL ASSESSMENT OF EDU-
CATIONAL PROGRESS .—For the purpose of ad-
ministering the State assessments under the National Assessment of Educational Progress, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOTMENT OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available for each fiscal year under sub-section 1002(b) that are equal to or less than the amount described in section 1111(b)(2)(H), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) reserve 
1⁄2of 1 percent for the Bureau 
of Indian Education; 
‘‘(B) reserve 1⁄2of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas; 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 20 percent to 
carry out section 1203; and 
‘‘(D) from the remainder, allocate to each 
State for section 1201 an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) $3,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to any amounts remain-
ing after the allocation is made under clause (i), an amount that bears the same relation-ship to such total remaining amounts as the number of students aged 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS ABOVE TRIGGER AMOUNT .— 
Any amounts made available for a fiscal year under subsection 1002(b) that are more than the amount described in section 1111(b)(2)(H) shall be made available as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5351 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A)(i) To award funds under section 1202 
to States selected for such grants, according to the quality, needs, and scope of the State application under that section. 
‘‘(ii) In determining the grant amount 
under clause (i), the Secretary shall ensure that a State’s grant includes an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this paragraph for the fiscal year as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(B) Any amounts remaining after the Sec-
retary awards funds under subparagraph (A) shall be allocated to each State that did not 
receive a grant under such subparagraph, in an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this sub-paragraph as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1205. INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT AND AC-
COUNTABILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—The term ‘innovative assessment 
system’ means a system of assessments that may include— 
‘‘(1) competency-based assessments, 
instructionally embedded assessments, in-terim assessments, cumulative year-end as-sessments, or performance-based assess-ments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through com-puter adaptive assessments; and 
‘‘(2) assessments that validate when stu-
dents are ready to demonstrate mastery or proficiency and allow for differentiated stu-dent support based on individual learning needs. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide a State educational agency, or a consor-tium of State educational agencies, in ac-cordance with paragraph (3), with the au-thority to establish an innovative assess-ment system. 
‘‘(2) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—In accord-
ance with the requirements described in sub-section (c), each State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that submits an application under this sec-tion shall propose in its application the pe-riod of time over which it desires to exercise the demonstration authority, except that such period shall not exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY ; 
PROGRESS REPORT ; EXPANSION .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL PERIOD .—During the first 3 
years of the demonstration authority under this section, the Secretary shall provide State educational agencies, or consortia of State educational agencies, subject to meet-ing the application requirements in sub-section (c), with the authority described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—During the first 3 years 
of the demonstration authority under this section, the total number of participating State educational agencies, including those participating in consortia, may not exceed 7, and not more than 4 State educational agen-cies may participate in a single consortium. 
‘‘(C) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of the first 3 years of the initial demonstration period described in subpara-graph (A), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a report detailing 
the initial progress of the approved innova-tive assessment systems prior to providing additional State educational agencies with the demonstration authority described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .—The progress report under 
clause (i) shall draw upon the annual infor-mation submitted by participating States described in subsection (c)(2)(I) and examine the extent to which— 
‘‘(I) the innovative assessment systems 
have demonstrated progress for all students, including at-risk students, in relation to such measures as— 
‘‘(aa) student achievement and academic 
outcomes; 
‘‘(bb) graduation rates for high schools; ‘‘(cc) retention rates of students in school; 
and 
‘‘(dd) rates of remediation for students; ‘‘(II) the innovative assessment systems 
have facilitated progress in relation to at least one other valid and reliable indicator of quality, success, or student support, such as those reported annually by the State in accordance with section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); 
‘‘(III) the State educational agencies have 
solicited feedback from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; 
‘‘(IV) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment sys-tems; 
‘‘(V) the innovative assessment systems 
have been developed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (c), including substantial evidence that such systems meet such requirements; and 
‘‘(VI) each State participating in the dem-
onstration authority has demonstrated that the same system of assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students that participated in the demonstration au-thority, and at least 95 percent of such stu-dents overall and in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), were assessed under the innovative assess-ment system. 
‘‘(iii) U
SE OF REPORT .—Upon completion of 
the progress report, the Secretary shall pro-vide a response to the findings of the progress report, including a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
‘‘(I) to support participating State edu-
cational agencies through technical assist-ance; and 
‘‘(II) to inform the peer review process de-
scribed in subsection (d) for advising the Secretary on the awarding of the demonstra-tion authority to the additional State edu-cational agencies described in subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(iv) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE .—The Secretary 
shall make the progress report under this subparagraph and the response described in clause (iii) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(v) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
paragraph shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to require participating States to submit any additional information for the purposes of the progress report beyond what the State has already provided in the annual report described in subsection (c)(2)(I). 
‘‘(D) E
XPANSION OF THE DEMONSTRATION AU -
THORITY .—Upon completion and publication 
of the report described in subparagraph (C)(iv), additional State educational agencies or consortia of State educational agencies may apply for the demonstration authority described in this section without regard to the limitations described in subparagraph (B). Such State educational agencies or con-sortia of State educational agencies shall be subject to all of the same requirements of 
this section. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—Consistent with the 
process described in subsection (d), a State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that desires to partici-pate in the program of demonstration au-thority under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of the innovative assessment sys-tem, what experience the applicant has in implementing any components of the inno-vative assessment system, and the timeline over which the State proposes to exercise this authority. In addition, the application shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A demonstration that the innovative 
assessment system will— 
‘‘(A) meet all the requirements of section 
1111(b)(2)(B), except the requirements of clauses (i) and (v) of such section; 
‘‘(B) be aligned to the standards under sec-
tion 1111(b)(1) and address the depth and breadth of the challenging State academic standards under such section; 
‘‘(C) express student results or student 
competencies in terms consistent with the State aligned academic achievement stand-ards; 
‘‘(D) be able to generate comparable, valid, 
and reliable results for all students and for each category of students described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), compared to the results for such students on the State assessments under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(E) be developed in collaboration with 
stakeholders representing the interests of children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children, educators, in-cluding teachers, principals, and other school leaders, local educational agencies, parents, and civil rights organizations in the State; 
‘‘(F) be accessible to all students, such as 
by incorporating the principles of universal design for learning; 
‘‘(G) provide educators, students, and par-
ents with timely data, disaggregated by each category of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), to inform and improve in-structional practice and student supports; 
‘‘(H) be able to identify which students are 
not making progress toward the State’s aca-demic achievement standards so that edu-cators can provide instructional support and targeted intervention to all students to en-sure every student is making progress; 
‘‘(I) measure the annual progress of not 
less than 95 percent of all students and stu-dents in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), who are enrolled in each school that is participating in the innovative assessment system and are required to take assessments; 
‘‘(J) generate an annual, summative 
achievement determination based on annual data for each individual student based on the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) and be able to validly and reliably aggregate data from the innovative assessment system for purposes of account-ability, consistent with the requirements of section 1111(b)(3), and reporting, consistent with the requirements of section 1111(d); and 
‘‘(K) continue use of the high-quality 
statewide academic assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) if such assessments will be used for accountability purposes for the duration of the demonstration. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(A) identify the distinct purposes for each 
assessment that is part of the innovative as-sessment system; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5352 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) provide support and training to local 
educational agency and school staff to im-plement the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
‘‘(C) inform parents of students in partici-
pating local educational agencies about the innovative assessment system at the begin-ning of each school year during which the in-novative assessment system will be imple-mented; 
‘‘(D) engage and support teachers in devel-
oping and scoring assessments that are part of the innovative assessment system, includ-ing through the use of high-quality profes-sional development, standardized and cali-brated scoring rubrics, and other strategies, consistent with relevant nationally recog-nized professional and technical standards, to ensure inter-rater reliability and com-parability; 
‘‘(E) acclimate students to the innovative 
assessment system; 
‘‘(F) ensure that students with the most 
significant cognitive disabilities may be as-sessed with alternate assessments consistent with section 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(G) if the State is proposing to administer 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide or with additional local educational agencies in the State’s proposed period of demonstration au-thority and 2-year extension period, if appli-cable, including the timeline that explains the process for scaling to statewide imple-mentation by either the end of the State’s proposed period of demonstration authority or the 2-year extension period; 
‘‘(H) gather data, solicit regular feedback 
from educators and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of dem-onstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the in-novative assessment system; and 
‘‘(I) report data from the innovative assess-
ment system annually to the Secretary, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) demographics of participating local 
educational agencies, if such system is not statewide, and additional local educational agencies if added to the system during the course of the State’s demonstration or 2-year extension period, including a description of how— 
‘‘(I) the inclusion of additional local edu-
cational agencies contributes to progress to-ward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demographically di-verse local educational agencies throughout the demonstration period; and 
‘‘(II) by the end of the demonstration au-
thority, the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole; 
‘‘(ii) performance of all participating stu-
dents and for each category of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), on the inno-vative assessment, consistent with the re-quirements in section 1111(d); 
‘‘(iii) performance of all participating stu-
dents in relation to at least one other valid and reliable indicator of quality, success, or student supports, such as those reported an-nually by the State in accordance with sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); 
‘‘(iv) feedback from teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(v) if such system is not statewide, a de-
scription of the State’s progress in scaling up the innovative assessment system to ad-ditional local educational agencies during the State’s period of demonstration author-ity, as described in subparagraph (G). 
‘‘(3) A description of the State educational 
agency’s plan to— ‘‘(A) ensure that all students and each of 
the categories of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) are held to the same high standard as 
other students in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) receive the instructional support 
needed to meet challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency has the technological infrastructure to implement the innovative assessment sys-tem; and 
‘‘(C) hold all participating schools in the 
local educational agencies participating in the program of demonstration authority ac-countable for meeting the State’s expecta-tions for student achievement. 
‘‘(4) If the innovative assessment system 
will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) a description of the local educational 
agencies within the State educational agen-cy that will participate, including what cri-teria the State has for approving any addi-tional local educational agencies to partici-pate during the demonstration period; 
‘‘(B) assurances from such local edu-
cational agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this sub-section; and 
‘‘(C) a description of how the State will— ‘‘(i) ensure that the inclusion of additional 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demo-graphically diverse local educational agen-cies throughout the demonstration author-ity; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the participating local 
educational agencies, as a group, will be de-mographically similar to the State as a whole by the end of the State’s period of demonstration authority. 
‘‘(d) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) implement a peer review process to in-
form— 
‘‘(A) the awarding of the demonstration 
authority under this section and the ap-proval to operate the system for the pur-poses of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b), as described in subsection (h) of this section; and 
‘‘(B) determinations about whether the in-
novative assessment system— 
‘‘(i) is comparable to the State assessments 
under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(v)(I), valid, reli-able, of high technical quality, and con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an unbiased, rational, and 
consistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for all students; 
‘‘(2) ensure that the peer review team is 
comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about the innovative as-sessment being proposed for all students, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) individuals with past experience de-
veloping systems of assessment innovation that support all students, including English learners, children with disabilities, and dis-advantaged students; and 
‘‘(B) individuals with experience imple-
menting innovative State assessment and ac-countability systems; 
‘‘(3) make publicly available the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c) and the peer review comments and recommendations regarding such applications; 
‘‘(4) make a determination and inform the 
State regarding approval or disapproval of the application not later than 90 days after receipt of the complete application; 
‘‘(5) offer a State the opportunity to revise 
and resubmit its application within 60 days of a disapproval determination under para-graph (4) to allow the State to submit addi-tional evidence that the State’s application 
meets the requirements of subjection (c); and 
‘‘(6) make a determination regarding appli-
cation approval or disapproval of a resub-mitted application under paragraph (5) not later than 45 days after receipt of the resub-mitted application. 
‘‘(e) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-
tend an authorization of demonstration au-thority under this section for an additional 2 years if the State educational agency dem-onstrates with evidence that the State edu-cational agency’s innovative assessment sys-tem is continuing to meet the requirements of subsection (c), including— 
‘‘(1) demonstrating capacity to transition 
to statewide use by the end of a 2-year exten-sion period; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrating that the participating 
local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole by the end of a 2-year extension pe-riod. 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEM.—A State may, during its approved dem-
onstration period or 2-year extension period, include results from the innovative assess-ment systems developed under this section in accountability determinations for each student in the participating local edu-cational agencies instead of, or in addition to, those from the assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if the State demonstrates that the State has met the requirements in subsection (c). The State shall continue to meet all other requirements of section 1111(b)(3). 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY WITHDRAWN .—The Sec-
retary shall withdraw the authorization for demonstration authority provided to a State educational agency under this section and any participating local educational agency or the State as a whole shall return to the statewide assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if, at any point during a State’s ap-proved period of demonstration or 2-year ex-
tension period, the State educational agency cannot present to the Secretary a body of substantial evidence that the innovative as-sessment system developed under this sec-tion— 
‘‘(1) meets requirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(2) includes all students attending schools 
participating in the demonstration author-ity, including each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), in the innovative assessment system dem-onstration; 
‘‘(3) provides an unbiased, rational, and 
consistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for all students, which are comparable to determinations under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii) across the State in which the local educational agencies are located; 
‘‘(4) presents a high-quality plan to transi-
tion to full statewide use of the innovative assessment system by the end of the State’s approved demonstration period and 2-year extension, if the innovative assessment sys-tem will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(5) is comparable to the statewide assess-
ments under section 1111(b)(2) in content coverage, difficulty, and quality. 
‘‘(h) T
RANSITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If, after a State’s ap-
proved demonstration and extension period, the State educational agency has met all the requirements of this section, including hav-ing scaled the system up to statewide use, and demonstrated that such system is of high quality, the State shall be permitted to operate the innovative assessment system approved under the program of demonstra-tion authority under this section for the pur-poses of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b). Such system shall be deemed of high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5353 July 21, 2015 
quality if the Secretary, through the peer re-
view process described in subsection (d), de-termines that the system has— 
‘‘(A) met all of the requirements of this 
section; 
‘‘(B) demonstrated progress for all stu-
dents, including each of the categories of students defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), in relation to such measures as— 
‘‘(i) increasing student achievement and 
academic outcomes; 
‘‘(ii) increasing the 4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate or the extended-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rate for high schools; 
‘‘(iii) increasing retention rates of students 
in school; and 
‘‘(iv) increasing rates of remediation at in-
stitutions of higher education for partici-pating students; 
‘‘(C) demonstrated progress in relation to 
at least one other valid and reliable indi-cator of quality, success, or student sup-ports, such as those reported annually by the State in accordance with section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); 
‘‘(D) provided coherent and timely infor-
mation about student attainment of the State’s challenging academic standards, in-cluding objective measurement of academic achievement, knowledge, and skills that are valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant, nationally-recognized professional and tech-nical standards; 
‘‘(E) solicited feedback from teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(F) demonstrated that the same system of 
assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students, and at least 95 percent of such students overall and in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), were assessed under the innovative assessment system. 
‘‘(2) B
ASELINE .—For the purposes of the 
evaluation described in paragraph (1), the baseline year shall be considered the first year of implementation of the innovative as-sessment system for each local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—If, at the conclu-
sion of the State’s approved demonstration and extension period, the State has met all of the requirements of this section, except transition to full statewide use for States that will initially administer an innovative assessment system in a subset of local edu-cational agencies, and continues to comply with the other requirements of this section, and demonstrates a high-quality plan for transition to statewide use in a reasonable period of time, the State may request, and the Secretary shall review such request, a delay of the withdrawal of authority under subsection (g) for the purpose of providing the State time necessary to implement the innovative assessment system statewide. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABLE FUNDS .—A State may use 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A consortium 
of States may apply to participate in the program of demonstration authority under this section and the Secretary may provide each State member of such consortium with such authority if each such State member meets all of the requirements of this section. Such consortium shall be subject to the limi-tation described in subsection (b)(3)(B) dur-ing the initial 3 years of the demonstration authority. 
‘‘(k) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Following the publica-
tion of the progress report described in sub-section (b)(3)(C), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and disseminate the best practices on the development and 
implementation of innovative assessment systems that meet the requirements of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) the development of summative assess-
ments that meet the requirements of section 1111(b)(2)(B), are comparable with statewide assessments, and include assessment tasks that determine proficiency or mastery of State-approved competencies aligned to challenging academic standards; 
‘‘(B) the development of effective supports 
for local educational agencies and school staff to implement innovative assessment systems; 
‘‘(C) the development of effective engage-
ment and support of teachers in developing and scoring assessments and the use of high- quality professional development; 
‘‘(D) the development of effective supports 
for all students, particularly each of the cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), participating in the innovative assessment systems; and 
‘‘(E) the development of standardized and 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strate-gies, to ensure inter-rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery or proficiency across local educational agen-cies and the State. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
make the information described in para-graph (1) available to the public on the website of the Department and shall publish an update to the information not less often than once every 3 years.’’. 
SEC. 1013. EDUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHIL-
DREN. 
Part C of title I (20 U.S.C. 6391 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1301— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘State 
academic content and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘State 
academic content and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting 
‘‘State academic standards’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘without 
the need for postsecondary remediation’’ after ‘‘employment’’; 
(2) in section 1303— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) S
TATE ALLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) B ASE AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b) and subparagraph (B), each State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is entitled to receive under this part, for fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fis-cal years, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount that such State received 
under this part for fiscal year 2002; plus 
‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the State 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .—In the 
case of a State (other than the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico) that did not receive any funds for fiscal year 2002 under this part, the State shall receive, for fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fiscal years, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount that such State would 
have received under this part for fiscal year 2002 if its application under section 1304 for the year had been approved; plus 
‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the State 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNT .— 
For fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fiscal years, the amount (if any) by which the funds appropriated to carry out this part for the year exceed such funds for fiscal year 2002 shall be allocated to a State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) so that the State receives an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of— 
‘‘(i) the number of identified eligible mi-
gratory children, aged 3 through 21, residing in the State during the previous year; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of identified eligible mi-
gratory children, aged 3 through 21, who re-ceived services under this part in summer or intersession programs provided by the State during such year; multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount determined under this subparagraph may not be less than 32 percent, or more than 48 percent, of the average per-pupil ex-penditure in the United States.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percent-
age in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85.0 percent.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) If, after’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, after’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘If additional’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘R
EALLOCATION .—If additional’’; and 
(bb) by moving the margins of such sub-
paragraph 2 ems to the right; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) F
URTHER REDUCTIONS .—The Sec-
retary’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary’’; 
and 
(bb) by moving the margins of such sub-
paragraph 2 ems to the right; and 
(D) in subsection (d)(3)(B), by striking 
‘‘welfare or educational attainment’’ and in-serting ‘‘academic achievement’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘estimated’’ and inserting ‘‘iden-tified’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall use such information as the Secretary finds most accurately reflects the actual number of mi-gratory children.’’; 
(3) in section 1304— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘special educational 
needs’’ and inserting ‘‘unique educational needs’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘and out-of-school migra-
tory children’’ after ‘‘including preschool migratory children’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘part 
A or B of title III’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title III’’; and 
(III) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) measurable program objectives and 
outcomes;’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, con-
sistent with procedures the Secretary may require,’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(v) by striking paragraph (6); and (vi) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (6); 
(B) in subsection (c)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5354 July 21, 2015 
(i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘, satisfactory to the Sec-retary,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in a man-
ner consistent with the objectives of section 1114, subsections (b) and (d) of section 1115, subsections (b) and (c) of section 1120A, and part I’’ and inserting ‘‘in a manner con-sistent with the objectives of section 1113(c), paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 1113(d), sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 1117, and part E’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘parent advisory councils’’ and inserting ‘‘parents of migratory children, in-cluding parent advisory councils’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 1118’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1115’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and out- 
of-school migratory children’’ after ‘‘ad-dressing the unmet educational needs of pre-school migratory children’’; 
(v) in paragraph (6)— (I) by striking ‘‘to the extent feasible,’’; (II) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) evidence-based family literacy pro-
grams;’’; and 
(III) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, 
without the need for postsecondary remedi-ation’’ after ‘‘employment’’; and 
(vi) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (1)(A) and (2)(B)(i) of section 1303(a), through such procedures as the Secretary may require’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1303(a)(2)(A)’’; 
(C) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY FOR SERVICES .—In providing 
services with funds received under this part, each recipient of such funds shall give pri-ority to migratory children who have made a qualifying move within the previous 1-year period and who— 
‘‘(1) are failing, or most at risk of failing, 
to meet the challenging State academic standards; or 
‘‘(2) have dropped out of school.’’; and (D) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-
ondary school students’’ and inserting ‘‘stu-dents’’; 
(4) in section 1305(b), by inserting ‘‘, to the 
extent practicable,’’ after ‘‘may’’; 
(5) in section 1306— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘special’’ both places the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘unique’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘or 
B’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘special’’ and inserting 
‘‘unique’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 1114’’ each place 
the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 1113(c)’’; 
(6) in section 1307— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘welfare 
or educational attainment’’ and inserting ‘‘educational achievement’’; 
(7) in section 1308— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting 
‘‘through’’ after ‘‘including’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘devel-
oping effective methods for’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) in the matter preceding clause (i), in 
the first sentence— (AA) by striking ‘‘ensure the linkage of mi-
grant student’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; 
(BB) by striking ‘‘systems’’ and inserting 
‘‘system’’; 
(CC) by inserting ‘‘within and’’ before 
‘‘among the States’’; and 
(DD) by striking ‘‘all migratory students’’ 
and inserting ‘‘all migratory children eligi-ble under this part’’; 
(bb) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘The Secretary shall ensure’’ and all that follows through ‘‘maintain.’’; 
(cc) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘Such elements’’ and inserting ‘‘Such information’’; and 
(dd) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘required’’; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(III) by inserting after subparagraph (A) 
the following: 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
maintain ongoing consultation with the States, local educational agencies, and other migratory student service providers on— 
‘‘(i) the effectiveness of the system de-
scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) the ongoing improvement of such sys-
tem.’’; and 
(IV) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated 
by subclause (II)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘the proposed data ele-
ments’’ and inserting ‘‘any new proposed data elements’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘Such publication shall 
occur not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001.’’; and 
(iii) by striking paragraph (4); and (8) in section 1309— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘non-
profit’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) M
IGRATORY AGRICULTURAL WORKER .— 
The term ‘migratory agricultural worker’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new temporary or sea-sonal employment or personal subsistence in agriculture, which may be dairy work or the initial processing of raw agricultural prod-ucts. If an individual did not engage in such new employment soon after a qualifying move, such individual may be considered a migratory agricultural worker if the indi-vidual actively sought new employment and has a recent history of moves for agricul-tural employment. 
‘‘(3) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘migra-
tory child’ means a child or youth who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months— 
‘‘(A) as a migratory agricultural worker or 
a migratory fisher; or 
‘‘(B) with, or to join, a parent or spouse 
who is a migratory agricultural worker or a migratory fisher. 
‘‘(4) M
IGRATORY FISHER .—The term ‘migra-
tory fisher’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new tem-porary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in fishing. If the individual did not engage in such new employment soon after the move, the individual may be con-sidered a migratory fisher if the individual actively sought new employment and has a recent history of moves for fishing work. 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFYING MOVE .—The term ‘quali-
fying move’ means a move due to economic necessity— 
‘‘(A) from one residence to another resi-
dence; and 
‘‘(B) from one school district to another 
school district, except— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State that is comprised 
of a single school district, wherein a quali-fying move is from one administrative area 
to another within such district; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school district of more 
than 15,000 square miles, wherein a quali-fying move is a distance of 20 miles or more to a temporary residence to engage in a fish-ing activity; or 
‘‘(iii) in a case in which another exception 
applies, as defined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 1014. PREVENTION AND INTERVENTION 
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DE-LINQUENT, OR AT-RISK. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1401(a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘youth in 
local’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the 
involvement of their families and commu-nities’’ after ‘‘to ensure their continued edu-cation’’; 
(2) in section 1412(b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percent-
age in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85 percent.’’; 
(3) in section 1414— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘from 
correctional facilities to locally operated programs’’ and inserting ‘‘between correc-tional facilities and locally operated pro-grams’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the program goals, objec-
tives, and performance measures established by the State’’ and inserting ‘‘the program objectives and outcomes established by the State’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(bb) by striking clause (ii) and redesig-
nating clause (iii) as clause (ii); and 
(cc) by striking clause (iv); and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide assurances that the State 
educational agency has established— 
‘‘(i) procedures to ensure the prompt re-en-
rollment of each student who has been placed in the juvenile justice system in sec-ondary school or in a re-entry program that best meets the needs of the student, includ-ing the transfer of credits that such student earns during placement; and 
‘‘(ii) opportunities for such students to 
participate in higher education or career pathways.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and respond to’’ after ‘‘to 
assess’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, provide for an assessment upon entry into a correctional facility’’ after ‘‘to be served under this subpart’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6)— (I) by striking ‘‘carry out the evaluation 
requirements of section 9601 and how’’ and inserting ‘‘use’’; 
(II) by inserting ‘‘under section 9601’’ after 
‘‘recent evaluation’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘will be used’’; (iii) in paragraph (8)— (I) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5355 July 21, 2015 
(II) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (9)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and following’’ after 
‘‘youth prior to’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, to ensure that transition plans are in place’’ after ‘‘the local educational agency or alternative education program’’; 
(v) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘transi-
tion of children and youth from such facility or institution to’’ and inserting ‘‘transition of such children and youth between such fa-cility or institution and’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (16), by inserting ‘‘and ob-
tain a high school diploma’’ after ‘‘to en-courage the children and youth to reenter school’’; 
(vii) in paragraph (17), by inserting ‘‘cer-
tified or licensed’’ after ‘‘provides an assur-
ance that’’; 
(viii) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ix) in paragraph (19), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(x) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) describes how the State agency will, 
to the extent feasible, identify youth who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juvenile justice system and improve practices and expand the evi-dence-based intervention services to reduce school suspensions, expulsions, and referrals to law enforcement.’’; 
(4) in section 1415— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, without the need for re-
mediation,’’ after ‘‘transition’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘vocational or technical 
training’’ and inserting ‘‘career and tech-nical education’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A), and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) may include— ‘‘(i) the acquisition of equipment; ‘‘(ii) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal Government; and 
‘‘(iii) providing targeted, evidence-based 
services for youth who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juve-nile justice system;’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘content 
standards and student academic achieve-ment’’; and 
(bb) in clause (iii)— (AA) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(BB) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semi-
colon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 1120A’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1117’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(IV) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
1120A’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1117’’; 
(5) in section 1416— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic content standards and student aca-demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘complete secondary 
school, attain a secondary diploma’’ and in-serting ‘‘attain a high school diploma’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘pupil’’ and inserting ‘‘spe-
cialized instructional support’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, the development and implementa-tion of transition plans’’ after ‘‘children and youth described in paragraph (1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘student 
progress’’ and inserting ‘‘and improve stu-dent achievement’’; 
(6) in section 1418(a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) projects that facilitate the transition 
of children and youth between State-oper-ated institutions, or institutions in the State operated by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, and schools served by local educational agencies or schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; or’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ each place the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘secondary’’ and inserting 
‘‘high’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, without the need for re-
mediation,’’ after ‘‘reentry’’; 
(7) in section 1419, by striking ‘‘for a fiscal 
year’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to pro-vide’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year to pro-vide’’; 
(8) in section 1421— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, with-
out the need for remediation,’’ after ‘‘youth’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘local schools’’; 
(9) in section 1422(d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, which may include the 
nonacademic needs,’’ after ‘‘to meet the transitional and academic needs’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘impact on meeting the 
transitional’’ and inserting ‘‘impact on meeting such transitional’’; 
(10) in section 1423— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such facilities operated by the Sec-retary of the Interior and Indian tribes’’ after ‘‘the juvenile justice system’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) a description of the activities that the 
local educational agency will carry out to fa-cilitate the successful transition of children and youth in locally operated institutions for neglected and delinquent children and other correctional institutions into schools served by the local educational agency or, as appropriate, into career and technical edu-
cation and postsecondary education pro-grams;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘and fam-
ily members’’ after ‘‘will involve parents’’; 
(D) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(E) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(11) as appropriate, a description of how 
the local educational agency and schools will address the educational needs of children and youth who return from institutions for ne-glected and delinquent children and youth or from correctional institutions and attend regular or alternative schools;’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘partici-
pating schools’’ and inserting ‘‘the local edu-cational agency’’; 
(11) in section 1424— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, includ-
ing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘gang members’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(D) by inserting the following after para-
graph (5): 
‘‘(6) programs for at-risk Indian children 
and youth, including such children and youth in correctional facilities in the area served by the local educational agency that are operated by the Secretary of the Interior or Indian tribes; and 
‘‘(7) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal government.’’; 
(12) in section 1425— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and obtain a high school 
diploma’’ after ‘‘reenter school’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or seek a secondary school 
diploma or its recognized equivalent’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘high aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(C) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(D) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(E) in paragraph (11), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) to the extent practicable, develop an 
initial educational services and transition plan for each child or youth served under this subpart upon entry into the correctional facility, in partnership with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local edu-cational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth (if applicable), consistent with section 1414(a)(1); and 
‘‘(13) consult with the local educational 
agency for a period jointly determined nec-essary by the correctional facility and local educational agency upon discharge from that facility, to coordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achievement.’’; 
(13) in section 1426(2), by striking ‘‘sec-
ondary’’ and inserting ‘‘high’’; 
(14) in section 1431(a)— (A) by striking ‘‘secondary’’ each place the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘high’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
graduate from high school in the standard number of years’’ after ‘‘educational achievement’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
school operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education’’ after ‘‘local educational agency’’; and 
(15) in section 1432(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘has limited English pro-
ficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘is an English learn-er’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or has a high absenteeism 
rate at school.’’ and inserting ‘‘has a high ab-senteeism rate at school, or has other life conditions that make the individual at high risk for dependency or delinquency adjudica-tion.’’. 
SEC. 1015. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title I (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking parts E, F, G, and H; (2) by redesignating part I as part E; (3) by striking sections 1907 and 1908; (4) by redesignating sections 1901, 1902, 
1903, 1905, and 1906 as sections 1501, 1502, 1503, 1504, and 1505, respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5356 July 21, 2015 
(5) in section 1501, as redesignated by para-
graph (4)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in ac-
cordance with subsections (b) through (d),’’ after ‘‘may issue’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prin-
cipals, other school leaders (including char-ter school leaders),’’ after ‘‘teachers,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘All information from such re-gional meetings and electronic exchanges shall be made public in an easily accessible manner to interested parties.’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking 
‘‘standards and assessments’’ and inserting ‘‘standards, assessments, the State account-ability system under section 1111(b)(3), school intervention and support under sec-tion 1114, and the requirement that funds be supplemented and not supplanted under sec-tion 1117;’’; 
(iv) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) P
ROCESS .—Such process shall not be 
subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, but shall, unless otherwise provided as described in subsection (c), follow the provi-sions of the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990 (5 U.S.C. 561 et seq.).’’; and 
(v) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) E
MERGENCY SITUATION .—In an emer-
gency situation in which regulations to carry out this title must be issued within a very limited time to assist State educational agencies and local educational agencies with the operation of a program under this title, the Secretary may issue a proposed regula-tion without following such process but shall— 
‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as 
an emergency with an explanation of the emergency in a notice provided to Congress; 
‘‘(B) publish the duration of the comment 
and review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(C) conduct regional meetings to review 
such proposed regulation before issuing any final regulation.’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); 
(D) by inserting after subsection (b) the 
following: 
‘‘(c) A
LTERNATIVE PROCESS IF FAILURE TO 
REACH CONSENSUS .—If consensus, as defined 
in section 562 of title 5, United States Code, on any proposed regulation is not reached by the individuals selected under paragraph (3)(B) for the negotiated rulemaking process, or if the Secretary determines that a nego-tiated rulemaking process is unnecessary, the Secretary may propose a regulation in the following manner: 
‘‘(1) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 30 
days prior to issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representa-tives, and other relevant congressional com-mittees, notice of the Secretary’s intent to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking that shall include— 
‘‘(A) a copy of the regulation to be pro-
posed; 
‘‘(B) a justification of the need to issue a 
regulation; 
‘‘(C) the anticipated burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regu-lations will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(D) the anticipated benefits to State edu-
cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities that may be 
impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(E) any regulations that will be repealed 
when the new regulations are issued; and 
‘‘(F) an opportunity to comment on the in-
formation in subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall provide Congress with a 15- day period, beginning after the date on which the Secretary provided the notice of any proposed rulemaking to Congress under paragraph (1), to make comments on the pro-posed rule. After addressing all comments re-ceived from Congress during such period, the Secretary may proceed with the rulemaking process under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, as modified by this section. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD .— 
The public comment and review period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 90 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall comply with the process outlined in subsection (b)(5). 
‘‘(4) A
SSESSMENT .—No regulation shall be 
made final after the comment and review pe-riod described in paragraph (3) until the Sec-retary has published in the Federal Reg-ister— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the proposed regula-
tion that— 
‘‘(i) includes a representative sampling of 
local educational agencies based on enroll-ment, geographic diversity (including subur-ban, urban, and rural local educational agen-cies), and other factors impacted by the pro-posed regulation; 
‘‘(ii) addresses the burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, that the 
regulation will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(iii) addresses the benefits to State edu-
cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; and 
‘‘(iv) thoroughly addresses, based on the 
comments received during the comment and review period under paragraph (3), whether the rule is financially and operationally via-ble at the local level; and 
‘‘(B) an explanation of how the entities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) may cover the cost of the burden assessed under such subparagraph.’’; and 
(E) by inserting after subsection (d), as re-
designated by subparagraph (C), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section affects the applicability of sub-chapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’) or chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Congressional Review Act’).’’; 
(6) in section 1502(a), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 1901’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1501’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or provides a written’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or, where negotiated rule-making is not pursued, shall conform to sec-tion 1501(c).’’; and 
(7) in section 1503, as redesignated by para-
graph (4)— 
(A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘stu-
dent academic achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding vocational educators’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: ‘‘(G) specialized instructional support per-
sonnel; 
‘‘(H) representatives of charter schools, as 
appropriate; and 
‘‘(I) paraprofessionals.’’. 
SEC. 1016. REPORT ON SUBGROUP SAMPLE SIZE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Institute of Education Sciences shall publish a report on best practices for determining valid, reliable, and statistically significant minimum numbers of students for each of the categories of students, as de-fined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)(A)) (as amended by this Act), for the purposes of inclusion as cat-egories of students in an accountability sys-tem described in section 1111(b)(3) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)) (as amended by this Act) and how such minimum number that is determined will not reveal personally identi-fiable information about students. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall work with the Department of Education’s ex-isting technical assistance providers and dis-semination networks to ensure that the re-port described under subsection (a) is widely disseminated— 
(1) to the public, State educational agen-
cies, local educational agencies, and schools; and 
(2) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting the report on the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or in another relevant place. 
SEC. 1017. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF 
EDUCATIONAL STABILITY OF CHIL-DREN IN FOSTER CARE. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the implementation of section 1111(c)(1)(L) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)(1)(L)), including the progress made and the remaining bar-riers relating to such implementation. 
SEC. 1018. STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A COMMITTEE ON  
STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, there is established a committee to be known as the ‘‘Student Privacy Policy Com-mittee’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be 
composed of— 
(A) 3 individuals appointed by the Sec-
retary of Education; 
(B) not less than 8 and not more than 13 in-
dividuals appointed by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, representing— 
(i) experts in education data and student 
privacy; 
(ii) educators and parents; (iii) State and local government officials 
responsible for managing student informa-tion; 
(iv) education technology leaders in the 
State or a local educational agency; 
(v) experts with practical experience deal-
ing with data privacy management at the State or local level; 
(vi) experts with a background in academia 
or research in data privacy and education data; and 
(vii) education technology providers and 
education data storage providers; and 
(C) 4 members appointed by— (i) the majority leader of the Senate; (ii) the minority leader of the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.036 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5357 July 21, 2015 
(iii) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; and 
(iv) the minority leader of the House of 
Representatives. 
(D) C HAIRPERSON .—The Committee shall 
select a Chairperson from among its mem-bers. 
(E) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect the powers of the Committee and shall be filled in the same manner as an initial appointment described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
(c) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold, 
at the call of the Chairperson, not less than 5 meetings before completing the study re-quired under subsection (e) and the report re-quired under subsection (f). 
(d) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
(1) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each 
member of the Committee shall serve with-out compensation in addition to any such compensation received for the member’s service as an officer or employee of the United States, if applicable. 
(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the 
Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter 1 of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Committee. 
(e) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a 
study on the effectiveness of Federal laws and enforcement mechanisms of— 
(A) student privacy; and (B) parental rights to student information. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the find-
ings of the study under paragraph (1), the Committee shall develop recommendations addressing issues of student privacy and pa-rental rights and how to improve and enforce Federal laws regarding student privacy and parental rights, including recommendations that— 
(A) provide or update standard definitions, 
if needed, for relevant terms related to stu-dent privacy, including— 
(i) education record; (ii) personally identifiable information; (iii) aggregated, de-identified, or 
anonymized data; 
(iv) third-party; and (v) educational purpose; (B) identify— (i) which Federal laws should be updated; 
and 
(ii) the appropriate Federal enforcement 
authority to execute the laws identified in clause (i); 
(C) address the sharing of data in an in-
creasingly technological world, including— 
(i) evaluations of protections in place for 
student data when it is used for research pur-poses; 
(ii) establishing best practices for any enti-
ty that is charged with handling, or that comes into contact with, student education records; 
(iii) ensuring that identifiable data cannot 
be used to target students for advertising or marketing purposes; and 
(iv) establishing best practices for data de-
letion and minimization; 
(D) discuss transparency and parental ac-
cess to personal student information by es-tablishing best practices for— 
(i) ensuring parental knowledge of any en-
tity that stores or accesses their student’s information; 
(ii) parents to amend, delete, or modify 
their student’s information; and 
(iii) a central designee in a State or a po-
litical subdivision of a State who can oversee transparency and serve as a point of contact for interested parties; (E) establish best practices for the local 
entities who handle student privacy, which may include professional development for those who come into contact with identifi-able data; and 
(F) discuss how to improve coordination 
between Federal and State laws. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mittee shall prepare and submit a report to the Secretary of Education and to Congress containing the findings of the study under subsection (e)(1) and the recommendations developed under subsection (e)(2). 
SEC. 1019. REPORT ON STUDENT HOME ACCESS 
TO DIGITAL LEARNING RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with relevant Fed-eral agencies, shall complete a national study on the educational trends and behav-iors associated with access to digital learn-ing resources outside of the classroom, which shall include analysis of extant data and new surveys about students and teachers that provide— 
(1) a description of the various locations 
from which students access the Internet and digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including through an after-school or summer program, a library, and at home; 
(2) a description of the various devices and 
technology through which students access 
the Internet and digital learning resources outside of the classroom, including through a computer or mobile device; 
(3) data associated with the number of stu-
dents who lack home Internet access, disaggregated by— 
(A) each of the categories of students, as 
defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; 
(B) homeless students and children or 
youth in foster care; and 
(C) students in geographically diverse 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; 
(4) data associated with the barriers to stu-
dents acquiring home Internet access; 
(5) data associated with the proportion of 
educators who assign homework or imple-ment innovative learning models that re-quire or are substantially augmented by a student having home Internet access and the frequency of the need for such access; 
(6) a description of the learning behaviors 
associated with students who lack home Internet access, including— 
(A) student participation in the classroom, 
including the ability to complete homework and participate in innovative learning mod-els; 
(B) student engagement, through such 
measures as attendance rates and chronic absenteeism; and 
(C) a student’s ability to apply for employ-
ment, postsecondary education, and finan-cial aid programs; 
(7) an analysis of the how a student’s lack 
of home Internet access impacts the instruc-tional practice of educators, including— 
(A) the extent to which educators alter in-
structional methods, resources, homework assignments, and curriculum in order to ac-commodate differing levels of home Internet access; and 
(B) strategies employed by educators, 
school leaders, and administrators to address the differing levels of home Internet access among students; and 
(8) a description of the ways in which State 
educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities, including through partnerships, have developed effec-tive means to provide students with Internet access outside of the school day. (b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall widely disseminate the findings of the study under this section— 
(1) in a timely fashion; (2) in a form that is understandable, easily 
accessible, and publicly available and usable, or adaptable for use in, the improvement of 
educational practice; 
(3) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the website of the Institute of Education Sciences, or the Department of Education; and 
(4) to all State educational agencies and 
other recipients of funds under part D of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF DIGITAL LEARNING .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘digital learning’’— 
(1) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 5702 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
(2) includes an educational practice that 
effectively uses technology to strengthen a student’s learning experience within and outside of the classroom and at home, which may include the use of digital learning con-tent, video, software, and other resources that may be developed, as the Secretary of Education may determine. 
TITLE II—HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, 
PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
SEC. 2001. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subpart 5 of part C of 
title II (20 U.S.C. 6731 et seq.) as subpart 3 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to the end of part F of title IX; 
(2) by redesignating sections 2361 through 
2368 as sections 9541 through 9548, respec-tively; 
(3) in section 9546(b), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking the matter fol-lowing paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) A State law that makes a limitation of 
liability inapplicable if the civil action was brought by an officer of a State or local gov-ernment pursuant to State or local law.’’; 
(4) by redesignating subpart 4 of part D of 
title II as subpart 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 3 of part F of title IX, as redesignated and moved by para-graph (1); 
(5) by redesignating section 2441 as section 
9551; and 
(6) by striking the subpart heading of sub-
part 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by paragraph (4), and inserting the following: 
‘‘Subpart 4—Internet Safety’’. 
SEC. 2002. PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RECRUIT-
ING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended 
by striking title II (as amended by section 2001) and inserting the following: 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
‘‘SEC. 2001. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to improve 
student academic achievement by— 
‘‘(1) increasing the ability of local edu-
cational agencies, schools, teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to provide a well-rounded and complete education for all students; 
‘‘(2) improving the quality and effective-
ness of teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5358 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) increasing the number of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement in schools; and 
‘‘(4) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students are served by effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders and have access to a high-quality instructional pro-gram. 
‘‘SEC. 2002. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) S
CHOOL LEADER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘school leader residency program’ means a school-based principal, school lead-er, or principal and school leader preparation program in which a prospective principal or school leader— 
‘‘(A) for 1 academic year, engages in sus-
tained and rigorous clinical learning with substantial leadership responsibilities and an opportunity to practice and be evaluated in an authentic school setting; and 
‘‘(B) during that academic year— ‘‘(i) participates in evidence-based 
coursework that is integrated with the clin-ical residency experience; and 
‘‘(ii) receives ongoing support from a men-
tor principal or school leader who is effec-tive. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(3) T
EACHER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘teacher residency program’ means a school-based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
‘‘(A) for not less than 1 academic year, 
teaches alongside an effective teacher, as de-termined by a teacher evaluation system im-plemented under part A (if applicable), who is the teacher of record for the classroom; 
‘‘(B) receives concurrent instruction dur-
ing the year described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) through courses that may be taught by 
local educational agency personnel or by fac-ulty of the teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(ii) in the teaching of the content area in 
which the teacher will become certified or li-censed; and 
‘‘(C) acquires effective teaching skills, as 
demonstrated through completion of a resi-dency program, or other measure determined by the State, which may include a teacher performance assessment. 
‘‘SEC. 2003. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—For the purposes of 
carrying out part A (other than section 2105), there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For the pur-
poses of carrying out activities authorized under section 2105, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
EACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER INCEN -
TIVE PROGRAM .—For the purposes of carrying 
out part B, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) A
MERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS EDU-
CATION .—For the purposes of carrying out 
part C, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) L
ITERACY EDUCATION FOR ALL, RE-
SULTS FOR THE NATION .—For the purposes of 
carrying out part D, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(f) STEM I
NSTRUCTION AND STUDENT  
ACHIEVEMENT .—For the purposes of carrying 
out part E, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. ‘‘PART A—FUND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT 
OF TEACHING AND LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 2101. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—From the 
total amount appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, to be distrib-uted among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) H OLD HARMLESS .— 
‘‘(A) F ISCAL YEARS 2016 THROUGH 2021 .—For 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, subject to paragraph (2) and subparagraph (C), from the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year that remain after the Sec-retary makes the reservations under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State an amount equal to the total amount that such State received for fiscal year 2001 under— 
‘‘(i) section 2202(b) of this Act (as in effect 
on the day before the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001); and 
‘‘(ii) section 306 of the Department of Edu-
cation Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(a)(1) of Public Law 106– 554). 
‘‘(B) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all States are eligible to receive under subparagraph (A) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall rat-ably reduce those amounts for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) P
ERCENTAGE REDUCTION .—For each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the amount in subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by a per-centage equal to the product of 14.29 percent and the number of years between the fiscal year for which the determination is being made and fiscal year 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), for any fiscal year for which the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) exceed the total amount required to make allotments under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of— 
‘‘(i) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—No State receiving an al-
lotment under subparagraph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total excess amount allotted under such subpara-graph for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) F
ISCAL YEAR 2022 AND SUCCEEDING FIS -
CAL YEARS .—For fiscal year 2022 and each of 
the succeeding fiscal years, the Secretary shall allot funds appropriated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) to each State in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided for 
under paragraph (3), each State that receives an allotment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year shall reserve not less than 95 percent of such allotment to make subgrants to local educational agencies for such fiscal year, as described in section 2102. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 1 percent of the amount allotted to such State under subsection (b) for the administrative costs of carrying out such State educational agency’s responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(3) P
RINCIPALS AND OTHER SCHOOL LEAD -
ERS.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and in 
addition to funds otherwise available for ac-tivities under paragraph (4), a State edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 3 percent of the amount reserved for sub-grants to local educational agencies under paragraph (1) for activities for principals and other school leaders described in paragraph (4), if such reservation would not result in a lower allocation to local educational agen-cies under section 2102, as compared to such allocation for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency for a State that receives an allot-ment under subsection (b) may use funds not reserved under paragraph (1) to carry out 1 or more of the activities described in sub-paragraph (B), which may be implemented in conjunction with a State agency of higher education (if such agencies are separate) and carried out through a grant or contract with a for-profit or nonprofit entity, including an institution of higher education. 
‘‘(B) T
YPES OF STATE ACTIVITIES .—The ac-
tivities described in this subparagraph are the following: 
‘‘(i) Reforming teacher, principal, and 
other school leader certification, recertifi-cation, licensing, or tenure systems or prepa-ration program standards and approval proc-esses to ensure that— 
‘‘(I) teachers have the necessary subject- 
matter knowledge and teaching skills, as demonstrated through measures determined by the State, which may include teacher per-formance assessments, in the academic sub-jects that the teachers teach to help stu-dents meet challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) principals and other school leaders 
have the instructional leadership skills to help teachers teach and to help students meet such challenging State academic stand-ards; and 
‘‘(III) teacher certification or licensing re-
quirements are aligned with such chal-lenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(ii) Developing, improving, or providing 
assistance to local educational agencies to support the design and implementation of teacher, principal, and other school leader evaluation and support systems that are based in part on evidence of student aca-demic achievement, which may include stu-dent growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and pro-vide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools lead-ers, such as by— 
‘‘(I) developing and disseminating high- 
quality evaluation tools, such as classroom observation rubrics, and methods, including training and auditing, for ensuring inter- rater reliability of evaluation results; 
‘‘(II) developing and providing training to 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5359 July 21, 2015 
mentors, and evaluators on how to accu-
rately differentiate performance, provide useful and timely feedback, and use evalua-tion results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
‘‘(III) developing a system for auditing the 
quality of evaluation and support systems. 
‘‘(iii) Improving equitable access to effec-
tive teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(iv) Carrying out programs that establish, 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engi-neering, mathematics, or other areas where the State demonstrates a shortage of edu-cators), principals, and other school leaders, for— 
‘‘(I) individuals with a baccalaureate or 
master’s degree, or other advanced degree; 
‘‘(II) mid-career professionals from other 
occupations; 
‘‘(III) paraprofessionals; ‘‘(IV) former military personnel; and ‘‘(V) recent graduates of institutions of 
higher education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to become highly effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(v) Developing, improving, and imple-
menting mechanisms to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in effectively recruiting and retaining teachers, principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement, including highly effective teachers from underrepresented minority groups and teach-ers with disabilities, such as through— 
‘‘(I) opportunities for a cadre of effective 
teachers to lead evidence-based professional development for their peers; 
‘‘(II) career opportunities for teachers to 
grow as leaders, including hybrid roles that allow teachers to voluntarily serve as men-tors or academic coaches while remaining in the classroom; and 
‘‘(III) providing training and support for 
teacher leaders and school leaders who are recruited as part of instructional leadership teams. 
‘‘(vi) Fulfilling the State educational agen-
cy’s responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, in-cluding provision of technical assistance to local educational agencies. 
‘‘(vii) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing— 
‘‘(I) teacher advancement initiatives that 
promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as school leader-ship, mentoring, involvement with school intervention and support, and instructional coaching; 
‘‘(II) strategies that provide differential 
pay, or other incentives, to recruit and re-tain teachers in high-need academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in low-income schools and school districts, which may include performance- based pay systems; and 
‘‘(III) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are evidence-based and designed to— 
‘‘(aa) improve classroom instruction and 
student learning and achievement; 
‘‘(bb) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(cc) improve school leadership to improve 
classroom instruction and student learning and achievement; and 
‘‘(dd) provide opportunities for teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are experienced, are effective, and have dem-onstrated an ability to work with adult 
learners to be mentors. 
‘‘(viii) Providing assistance to local edu-
cational agencies for— 
‘‘(I) the development and implementation 
of high-quality professional development programs for principals that enable the prin-cipals to be effective and prepare all stu-dents to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(II) the development and support of other 
school leadership programs to develop edu-cational leaders. 
‘‘(ix) Supporting efforts to train teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders to effec-tively integrate technology into curricula and instruction, which may include blended learning projects that include an element of online learning, combined with supervised learning time and student-led learning, in 
which the elements are connected to provide an integrated learning experience. 
‘‘(x) Providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity-building to local edu-cational agencies that receive a subgrant under this part. 
‘‘(xi) Supporting teacher, principal, and 
other school leader residency programs. 
‘‘(xii) Reforming or improving teacher, 
principal, and other school leader prepara-tion programs. 
‘‘(xiii) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by effective school library pro-grams. 
‘‘(xiv) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by athletic administrators, such as through professional development or relevant State certification or licensure for such administrators. 
‘‘(xv) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, and other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifications needed to educate all students in postsecondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs. 
‘‘(xvi) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse. 
‘‘(xvii) Supporting principals, other school 
leaders, teachers, teacher leaders, para-professionals, early childhood education pro-gram directors, and other early childhood education program providers to participate in efforts to align and promote quality early learning experiences from prekindergarten through grade 3. 
‘‘(xviii) Developing and providing profes-
sional development and instructional mate-rials for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including com-puter science. 
‘‘(xix) Supporting the efforts and profes-
sional development of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to integrate aca-demic and career and technical education content into instructional practices, which may include— 
‘‘(I) integrating career and technical edu-
cation with advanced coursework, such as by allowing the acquisition of postsecondary credits, recognized postsecondary creden-tials, and industry-based credentials, by stu-dents while in high school; or 
‘‘(II) coordinating activities with employ-
ers and entities carrying out initiatives under other workforce development pro-grams to identify State and regional work-force needs, such as through the develop-ment of State and local plans under title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq); ‘‘(xx) Supporting other activities identified 
by the State that are evidence-based and that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(xxi) Enabling States, as a consortium, to 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other partici-pating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, ex-cept that nothing in this clause shall be con-strued to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certification require-ments. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Sec-retary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan described under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this title for State-level activities de-scribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) A description of the State’s system of 
certification, licensing, and professional growth and improvement, such as clinical experience for prospective educators, support for new educators, professional development, professional growth and leadership opportu-nities, and compensation systems for teach-ers, principals, and other educators. 
‘‘(C) A description of how activities under 
this part are aligned with challenging State academic standards and State assessments under section 1111, which may include, as ap-propriate, relevant State early learning and developmental guidelines, as required under section 658E(c)(2)(T) of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858c(c)(2)(T)). 
‘‘(D) A description of how the activities 
using funds under this part are expected to improve student achievement. 
‘‘(E) If a State educational agency plans to 
use funds under this part to improve equi-table access to effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, a description of how such funds will be used to meet the State’s commitment described in section 1111(c)(1)(F) to ensure equitable access to ef-fective teachers, principals, and school lead-ers. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-tation of activities under this part and pro-vide technical assistance to local edu-cational agencies in carrying out such ac-tivities. 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will work in consultation with the entity responsible for teacher and principal professional standards, certifi-
cation, and licensing for the State, and en-courage collaboration between educator preparation programs, the State, and local educational agencies to promote the readi-ness of new educators entering the profes-sion. 
‘‘(H) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will improve the skills of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in order to enable them to identify students with specific learning needs, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, students who are gifted and talented, and students with low literacy levels, and pro-vide instruction based on the needs of such students. 
‘‘(I) A description of how the State will use 
data and ongoing consultation with and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5360 July 21, 2015 
input from teachers and teacher organiza-
tions, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, par-ents, community partners, and (where appli-cable) institutions of higher education, to continually update and improve the activi-ties supported under this part. 
‘‘(J) A description of actions the State may 
take to improve preparation programs and strengthen support for principals and other school leaders based on the needs of the State, as identified by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the 
State plan under this subsection, a State shall— 
‘‘(A) involve teachers, teacher organiza-
tions, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, par-ents, community partners, and other organi-zations or partners with relevant and dem-onstrated expertise in programs and activi-ties designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
‘‘(B) seek advice from the individuals, or-
ganizations, or partners described in sub-paragraph (A) regarding how best to improve the State’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(C) coordinate the State’s activities under 
this part with other related strategies, pro-grams, and activities being conducted in the State. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to mandate, direct, or con-trol any of the following: 
‘‘(1) The development, improvement, or im-
plementation of elements of any teacher, principal, or school leader evaluation sys-tems. 
‘‘(2) Any State or local educational agen-
cy’s definition of teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness. 
‘‘(3) Any teacher, principal, or other school 
leader professional standards, certification, or licensing. 
‘‘SEC. 2102. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved by a 
State under section 2101(c)(1) for a fiscal year, the State, acting through the State educational agency, shall award subgrants to eligible local educational agencies from allo-cations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .—From the funds 
described in paragraph (1), the State edu-cational agency shall allocate to each of the eligible local educational agencies in the State for a fiscal year the sum of— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of such funds for such fiscal year as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in the geographic areas served by all eli-gible local educational agencies in the State, as so determined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the funds for such fiscal year as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the eligible local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the 
amounts allocated to a local educational agency under paragraph (2), the local edu-cational agency may use not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of 
carrying out its responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a consortium of local educational agencies that are designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43, or such local educational agencies designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43 that work in cooperation with an educational service agency, from volun-tarily combining allocations received under this part for the collective use of funding by the consortium for activities under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall conduct a needs assess-ment described in paragraph (2) and submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall periodically conduct a comprehensive needs assessment of the local educational agency and of all schools served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The needs assess-
ment under subparagraph (A) shall be de-signed to determine the schools with the most acute staffing needs related to— 
‘‘(i) increasing the number of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students are not disproportionately served by ineffective teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
‘‘(iii) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students have access to— 
‘‘(I) a high-quality instructional program 
(such as opportunities for high-quality post-secondary education coursework through an early college high school or a dual or concur-rent enrollment program); and 
‘‘(II) class sizes that are appropriate and 
evidence-based; 
‘‘(iv) hiring, retention, and advancement 
and leadership opportunities for effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(v) supporting and developing all edu-
cators, including preschool, kindergarten, el-ementary, middle, or high school teachers (including special education and career and technical education teachers), principals, other school leaders, early childhood direc-tors, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, paraprofessionals, or other staff members who provide or directly support in-struction; 
‘‘(vi) understanding and using data and as-
sessments to improve student learning and classroom practice; 
‘‘(vii) improving student behavior, includ-
ing the response of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to student behavior, in the classroom and school, including the iden-tification of early and appropriate interven-tions, which may include positive behavioral interventions and supports; 
‘‘(viii) teaching students who are English 
learners, children who are in early childhood education programs, children with disabil-ities, American Indian children, Alaskan Na-tive children, and gifted and talented stu-dents; 
‘‘(ix) ensuring that funds are used to sup-
port schools served by the local educational agency that are identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and schools with high percent-ages or numbers of children counted under section 1124(c); ‘‘(x) improving the academic and non-aca-
demic skills of all students that are essential for learning readiness and academic success; and 
‘‘(xi) any other evidence-based factors that 
the local educational agency determines are appropriate to meet the needs of schools within the jurisdiction of the local edu-cational agency and meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In conducting a needs 
assessment described in paragraph (2), a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) involve teachers, teacher organiza-
tions, principals, and other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, parents, community partners, and others with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) take into account the activities that 
need to be conducted in order to give teach-ers, principals, and other school leaders the skills to provide students with the oppor-tunity to meet challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—A local 
educational agency receiving a subgrant under this section shall consult with such in-dividuals and organizations described in sub-paragraph (A) on an ongoing basis in order to— 
‘‘(i) seek advice regarding how best to im-
prove the local educational agency’s activi-ties to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) coordinate the local educational agen-
cy’s activities under this part with other re-lated strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the community. 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each ap-
plication submitted under paragraph (1) shall be based on the results of the needs assess-ment required under paragraph (2) and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the results of the 
comprehensive needs assessment carried out under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be 
carried out by the local educational agency under this section and how these activities will be aligned with the challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(C) A description of how such activities 
will comply with the principles of effective-ness described in section 2103(c). 
‘‘(D) A description of the activities, includ-
ing professional development, that will be made available to meet needs identified by the needs assessment described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) A description of the local educational 
agency’s systems of hiring and professional growth and improvement, such as induction for teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(F) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will support efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to effectively integrate technology into cur-ricula and instruction. 
‘‘(G) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will prioritize funds to schools served by the agency that are identi-fied under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and have the highest percentage or number of children counted under section 1124(c). 
‘‘(H) Where a local educational agency has 
a significant number of schools identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A), as determined by the State, a description of how the local edu-cational agency will seek the input of the State educational agency in planning and implementing activities under this part. 
‘‘(I) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will increase and improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5361 July 21, 2015 
opportunities for meaningful teacher leader-
ship and for building the capacity of teach-ers. 
‘‘(J) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will comply with section 9501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘(K) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will coordinate professional development activities authorized under this part with professional development activi-ties provided through other Federal, State, and local programs. 
‘‘SEC. 2103. LOCAL USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that receives a subgrant under sec-tion 2102 shall use the funds made available through the subgrant to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive, evidence-based programs and activities described in sub-section (b), which may be carried out through a grant or contract with a for-profit or nonprofit entity, in partnership with an institution of higher education, or in part-nership with an Indian tribe or tribal organi-zation (as defined under section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)). 
‘‘(b) T
YPES OF ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
described in this subsection— 
‘‘(1) shall meet the needs identified in the 
needs assessment described in section 2102(b)(2); 
‘‘(2) shall be in accordance with the pur-
pose of this title, evidence-based, and con-sistent with the principles of effectiveness described in subsection (c); 
‘‘(3) shall address the learning needs of all 
students, including children with disabil-ities, English learners, and gifted and tal-ented students; and 
‘‘(4) may include, among other programs 
and activities— 
‘‘(A) developing or improving a rigorous, 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that is based in part on evi-dence of student achievement, which may in-clude student growth, and shall include mul-tiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools lead-ers; 
‘‘(B) developing and implementing initia-
tives to assist in recruiting, hiring, and re-taining highly effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly in low- income schools with high percentages of in-effective teachers and high percentages of students who do not meet the challenging State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1), to improve within-district eq-uity in the distribution of teachers, prin-cipals, and school leaders consistent with the requirements of section 1111(c)(1)(F), such as initiatives that provide— 
‘‘(i) expert help in screening candidates 
and enabling early hiring; 
‘‘(ii) differential and incentive pay for 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in high-need academic subject areas and spe-cialty areas, which may include perform-ance-based pay systems; 
‘‘(iii) teacher, paraprofessional, principal, 
and other school leader advancement and professional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths and pay differentiation; 
‘‘(iv) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are designed to— 
‘‘(I) improve classroom instruction and 
student learning and achievement; 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; ‘‘(III) improve school leadership to improve 
classroom instruction and student learning and achievement; and 
‘‘(IV) provide opportunities for mentor 
teachers, principals, and other educators who are experienced, are effective, and have demonstrated an ability to work with adult learners; 
‘‘(v) the development and provision of 
training for school leaders, coaches, mentors and evaluators on how to accurately dif-ferentiate performance, provide useful feed-back, and use evaluation results to inform decisionmaking about professional develop-ment, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
‘‘(vi) a system for auditing the quality of 
evaluation and support systems; 
‘‘(C) recruiting qualified individuals from 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders including mid-career professionals from other occupations, former military personnel, and recent graduates of institutions of higher education with a record of academic distinction who dem-onstrate potential to become effective teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(D) reducing class size to an evidence- 
based level to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of addi-tional effective teachers; 
‘‘(E) providing high-quality, personalized 
professional development for teachers, in-structional leadership teams, principals, and other school leaders, focused on improving teaching and student learning and achieve-ment, including supporting efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to— 
‘‘(i) effectively integrate technology into 
curricula and instruction (including edu-cation about the harms of copyright piracy); 
‘‘(ii) use data from such technology to im-
prove student achievement; 
‘‘(iii) effectively engage parents, families 
and community partners, and coordinate services between school and community; 
‘‘(iv) help all students develop the aca-
demic and nonacademic skills essential for learning readiness and academic success; and 
‘‘(v) develop policy with school, local edu-
cational agency, community, or State lead-ers; 
‘‘(F) developing programs and activities 
that increase the ability of teachers to effec-tively teach children with disabilities, in-cluding children with significant cognitive disabilities, which may include the use of multi-tier systems of support and positive behavioral intervention and supports, and students who are English learners, so that 
such children with disabilities and students who are English learners can meet the chal-lenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(G) providing programs and activities to 
increase— 
‘‘(i) the knowledge base of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders on instruc-tion in the early grades and on strategies to measure whether young children are pro-gressing; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of principals and other 
school leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning ac-tivities for school staff and educators in pre-school programs that address the transition to elementary school; 
‘‘(H) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity-building in local edu-cational agencies to assist teachers and school leaders with selecting and imple-menting formative assessments, designing classroom-based assessments, and using data from such assessments to improve instruc-tion and student academic achievement, 
which may include providing additional time for teachers to review student data and re-spond, as appropriate; 
‘‘(I) supporting teacher, principal, and 
school leader residency programs; 
‘‘(J) reforming or improving teacher, prin-
cipal, and other school leader preparation programs; 
‘‘(K) carrying out in-service training for 
school personnel in— 
‘‘(i) the techniques and supports needed for 
early identification of children with trauma histories, and children with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
‘‘(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that 
effectively link such children to appropriate treatment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appro-priate; and 
‘‘(iii) forming partnerships between school- 
based mental health programs and public or private mental health organizations; 
‘‘(L) providing training to support the 
identification of students who are gifted and talented, including high-ability students who have not been formally identified for gifted education services, and implementing in-structional practices that support the edu-cation of such students, such as— 
‘‘(i) early entrance to kindergarten; ‘‘(ii) enrichment, acceleration, and cur-
riculum compacting activities; and 
‘‘(iii) dual or concurrent enrollment in sec-
ondary school and postsecondary education; 
‘‘(M) supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library pro-grams; 
‘‘(N) providing general liability insurance 
coverage for teachers related to actions per-formed in the scope of their duties; 
‘‘(O) providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse; 
‘‘(P) developing and providing professional 
development and instructional materials for science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects, including computer science; 
‘‘(Q) providing training for teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders to address school climate issues such as school vio-lence, bullying, harassment, drug and alco-hol use and abuse, and rates of chronic ab-senteeism (including both excused and unex-cused absences); 
‘‘(R) increasing time for common planning, 
within and across content areas and grade levels; 
‘‘(S) increasing opportunities for teacher- 
designed and implemented professional de-velopment activities, which may include op-portunities for experiential learning through observation; 
‘‘(T) developing feedback mechanisms to 
improve school working conditions; 
‘‘(U) providing high-quality professional 
development for teachers, principals, and other school leaders on effective strategies to integrate rigorous academic content, ca-reer and technical education, and work-based learning, if appropriate, which may include providing common planning time, to help prepare students for postsecondary edu-cation and the workforce without the need for remediation; 
‘‘(V) providing educator training to in-
crease students’ entrepreneurship skills; and 
‘‘(W) regularly conducting, and publicly re-
porting the results of, an assessment and a plan to address such results, of educator sup-port and working conditions that— 
‘‘(i) evaluates supports for teachers, lead-
ers, and other school personnel, such as— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5362 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(I) teacher and principal perceptions of 
availability of high-quality professional de-velopment and instructional materials; 
‘‘(II) timely availability of data on student 
academic achievement and growth; 
‘‘(III) the presence of high-quality instruc-
tional leadership; and 
‘‘(IV) opportunities for professional 
growth, such as career ladders and men-toring and induction programs; 
‘‘(ii) evaluates working conditions for 
teachers, leaders and other school personnel, such as— 
‘‘(I) school safety and climate; ‘‘(II) availability and use of common plan-
ning time and opportunities to collaborate; and 
‘‘(III) community engagement; and ‘‘(iii) is developed with teachers, leaders, 
other school personnel, parents, students, and the community; and 
‘‘(X) carrying out other evidence-based ac-
tivities identified by the local educational agency that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity supported with funds provided under this part to meet principles of effectiveness, such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based on an assessment of objective 
data regarding the need for programs and ac-tivities in the schools to be served to— 
‘‘(i) increase the number of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders who are ef-fective in improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that low-income and minority 
students are served by effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that low-income and minority 
students have access to a high-quality in-structional program; 
‘‘(B) be based on established and evidence- 
based criteria— 
‘‘(i) aimed at ensuring that all students re-
ceive a high-quality education taught by ef-fective teachers and attend schools led by ef-fective principals and other school leaders; and 
‘‘(ii) that result in improved student aca-
demic achievement in the school served by the program or activity; and 
‘‘(C) include meaningful and ongoing con-
sultation with and input from teachers, teacher organizations, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, parents, community part-ners, and (where applicable) institutions of higher education, in the development of the application and administration of the pro-gram or activity. 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A program or activity 
carried out under this section shall undergo a periodic evaluation to assess its progress toward achieving the goal of providing stu-dents with a high-quality education, taught by effective teachers, in schools led by effec-tive principals and school leaders that re-sults in improved student academic achieve-ment. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of an 
evaluation described in subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the criteria described in paragraph (1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control the principles of effectiveness de-veloped by local educational agencies under paragraph (1) or the specific programs or ac-tivities that will be implemented by a local 
educational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 2104. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving funds under this part shall annually submit to the Secretary a report that provides— 
‘‘(1) the number and percentage of teach-
ers, principals, and other school leaders in the State and each local educational agency in the State who are licensed or certified, provided such information does not reveal personally identifiable information; 
‘‘(2) the first-time passing rate of teachers 
and principals in the State and each local educational agency in the State on teacher and principal licensure examinations, pro-vided such information does not reveal per-sonally identifiable information; 
‘‘(3) a description of how chosen profes-
sional development activities improved teacher and principal performance; and 
‘‘(4) if funds are used under this part to im-
prove equitable access to teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders for low-in-come and minority students, a description of how funds have been used to improve such access. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT .— 
Each local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall submit to the State educational agency such information as the State requires, which shall include the information described in subsection (a) for the local educational agency. 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—The reports and infor-
mation provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall be made readily available to the public. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—The reports and informa-
tion provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall not reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about any individual. 
‘‘SEC. 2105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES OF DEM-
ONSTRATED EFFECTIVENESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 2003(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve such funds as are nec-
essary to carry out activities under sub-section (b); 
‘‘(2) shall reserve not less than 40 percent 
of the funds appropriated under such section to carry out activities under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(3) shall reserve not less than 40 percent 
of such funds to carry out activities under subsection (d). 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND NATIONAL  
EVALUATION .—From the funds reserved by 
the Secretary under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall establish, in a manner consistent 
with section 203 of the Educational Tech-nical Assistance Act of 2002, a comprehensive center on students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, which shall— 
‘‘(A) identify or develop free or low-cost 
evidence-based assessment tools for identi-fying students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or developmental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehen-sion, or executive functioning; 
‘‘(B) identify evidence-based literacy in-
struction, strategies, and accommodations, including assistive technology, designed to meet the specific needs of such students; 
‘‘(C) provide families of such students with 
information to assist such students; 
‘‘(D) identify or develop evidence-based 
professional development for teachers, para-professionals, principals, other school lead-ers, and specialized instructional support personnel to— ‘‘(i) understand early indicators of stu-
dents at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or develop-mental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or ex-ecutive functioning; 
‘‘(ii) use evidence-based screening assess-
ments for early identification of such stu-dents beginning not later than kindergarten; and 
‘‘(iii) implement evidence-based instruc-
tion designed to meet the specific needs of such students; and 
‘‘(E) disseminate the products of the com-
prehensive center to regionally diverse State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, regional educational agencies, and schools, including, as appropriate, through partnerships with other comprehensive cen-ters established under section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and regional educational laboratories established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002; and 
‘‘(2) may— ‘‘(A) provide technical assistance, which 
may be carried out directly or through grants or contracts, to States and local edu-cational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
‘‘(B) carry out evaluations of activities by 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAMS OF NATIONAL SIGNIFI -
CANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— 
‘‘(A) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders from nontraditional preparation and certification routes or path-ways to serve in traditionally underserved local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) providing evidence-based professional 
development activities that addresses lit-eracy, numeracy, remedial, or other needs of local educational agencies and the students the agencies serve; 
‘‘(C) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with professional devel-opment activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high school settings across a local educational agency. 
‘‘(D) making freely available services and 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and coopera-tive agreements or by making the services or opportunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
‘‘(E) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with evidence-based pro-fessional enhancement activities, which may include activities that lead to an advanced credential. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this subsection for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(C) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5363 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(D) L IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this sub-section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subsection shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this subsection may meet the requirement of sub-paragraph (A) by providing contributions in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
or modify the requirement of subparagraph (A) in cases of demonstrated financial hard-ship. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this subsection, an eligible enti-ty shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. Such applica-tion shall include, at a minimum, a certifi-cation that the services provided by an eligi-ble entity under the grant to a local edu-cational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or par-ents. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) an institution of higher education 
that provides course materials or resources that are evidence-based in increasing aca-demic achievement, graduation rates, or rates of postsecondary education matricula-tion; 
‘‘(B) a national nonprofit entity with a 
demonstrated record of raising student aca-demic achievement, graduation rates, and rates of higher education attendance, ma-triculation, or completion, or of effective-ness in providing preparation and profes-sional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders; or 
‘‘(C) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(i) 1 or more entities described in sub-
paragraph (A) or (B); and 
‘‘(ii) a for-profit entity. 
‘‘(d) S
CHOOL LEADER RECRUITMENT AND  
SUPPORT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable such entities to improve the recruitment, prepa-ration, placement, support, and retention of effective principals and other school leaders in high-need schools, which may include— 
‘‘(A) developing or implementing leader-
ship training programs designed to prepare and support principals and other school lead-ers in high-need schools, including through new or alternative pathways and school lead-er residency programs; 
‘‘(B) developing or implementing programs 
or activities for recruiting, selecting, and de-veloping aspiring or current principals and other school leaders to serve in high-need schools; 
‘‘(C) developing or implementing programs 
for recruiting, developing, and placing school leaders to improve schools identified for intervention and support under section 1114(a)(1)(A), including through cohort-based activities that build effective instructional and school leadership teams and develop a school culture, design, instructional pro-gram, and professional development program focused on improving student learning; ‘‘(D) providing continuous professional de-
velopment for principals and other school leaders in high-need schools; 
‘‘(E) developing and disseminating infor-
mation on best practices and strategies for effective school leadership in high-need schools, such as training and supporting principals to identify, develop, and maintain school leadership teams using various lead-ership models; and 
‘‘(F) other evidence-based programs or ac-
tivities described in section 2101(c)(3) or sec-tion 2103(b)(4) focused on principals and other school leaders in high-need schools. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this subsection for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(C) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this sub-section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subsection shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this subsection may meet the requirement of sub-paragraph (A) by providing contributions in cash or in-kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
or modify the requirement of subparagraph (A) in cases of demonstrated financial hard-ship. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity with a record of preparing or developing principals who— 
‘‘(A) have improved school-level student 
outcomes; 
‘‘(B) have become principals in high-need 
schools; and 
‘‘(C) remain principals in high-need schools 
for multiple years. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency, including 
an educational service agency, that serves a high-need school or a consortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(ii) a State educational agency or a con-
sortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(iii) a State educational agency in part-
nership with 1 or more local educational agencies or educational service agencies that serve a high-need school; or 
‘‘(iv) an entity described in clause (i), (ii), 
or (iii) in partnership with 1 or more non-profit organizations or institutions of higher education; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘high-need school’ means— ‘‘(i) an elementary school in which not less 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the pov-erty line; or ‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
‘‘SEC. 2106. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, non-Federal funds that would other-wise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
‘‘PART B—TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER 
INCENTIVE PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 2201. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are— 
‘‘(1) to assist States, local educational 
agencies, and nonprofit organizations to de-velop, implement, improve, or expand com-prehensive performance-based compensation systems or human capital management sys-tems for teachers, principals, and other school leaders (especially for teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders in high-need schools) who raise student academic achieve-ment and close the achievement gap between high- and low-performing students; and 
‘‘(2) to study and review performance-based 
compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to evaluate the effectiveness, fairness, quality, consist-ency, and reliability of the systems. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency, including 
a charter school that is a local educational agency, or a consortium of local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or other 
State agency designated by the chief execu-tive of a State to participate under this part; or 
‘‘(C) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(i) 1 or more agencies described in sub-
paragraph (A) or (B); and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 nonprofit or for-profit enti-
ty. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that is located in an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the pov-erty line is 30 percent or more. 
‘‘(3) H
UMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘human capital management 
system’ means a system— 
‘‘(A) by which a local educational agency 
makes and implements human capital deci-sions, such as decisions on preparation, re-cruitment, hiring, placement, retention, dis-missal, compensation, professional develop-ment, tenure, and promotion; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a performance-based 
compensation system. 
‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE -BASED COMPENSATION  
SYSTEM .—The term ‘performance-based com-
pensation system’ means a system of com-pensation for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that— 
‘‘(A) differentiates levels of compensation 
based in part on measurable increases in stu-dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(B) may include— ‘‘(i) differentiated levels of compensation, 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders in hard-to-staff schools or high-need subject areas; and 
‘‘(ii) recognition of the skills and knowl-
edge of teachers, principals, and other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
‘‘(I) successful fulfillment of additional re-
sponsibilities or job functions, such as teach-er leadership roles; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5364 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(II) evidence of professional achievement 
and mastery of content knowledge and supe-rior teaching and leadership skills. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER IN-
CENTIVE FUND GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts appropriated to carry out this part, the Secretary shall award grants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to develop, implement, improve, or expand performance-based com-pensation systems or human capital manage-ment systems, in schools served by the eligi-ble entity. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION OF GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under 
this part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this part for a period of up to 2 years if the grantee demonstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is effec-tively utilizing funds. Such renewal may in-clude allowing the grantee to scale up or rep-licate the successful program. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive (whether individually or as part of a consortium or partnership) a grant under this part only twice, as of the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reason-ably require. The application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the performance-based 
compensation system or human capital man-agement system that the eligible entity pro-poses to develop, implement, improve, or ex-pand through the grant; 
‘‘(2) a description of the most pressing gaps 
or insufficiencies in student access to effec-tive teachers and school leaders in high-need schools, including gaps or inequities in how effective teachers and school leaders are dis-tributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing patterns, school environment, educator support systems, and other school-level factors; 
‘‘(3) a description and evidence of the sup-
port and commitment from teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders, which may include charter school leaders, in the school (including organizations representing teach-ers, principals, and other school leaders), the community, and the local educational agen-cy to the activities proposed under the grant; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible entity 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, school leader, and student performance under the system that is based in part on measures of student academic achievement, including the base-line performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
‘‘(5) a description of the local educational 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socio-economic information as the Secretary may request; 
‘‘(6) a description of the quality of teach-
ers, principals, and other school leaders in the local educational agency and the schools to be served under the grant and the extent to which the system will increase the quality of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in a high-need school; 
‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible entity 
will use grant funds under this part in each year of the grant, including a timeline for implementation of such activities; ‘‘(8) a description of how the eligible entity 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
‘‘(9) a description of the State, local, or 
other public or private funds that will be used to supplement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activi-ties assisted under the grant at the end of the grant period; 
‘‘(10) a description of— ‘‘(A) the rationale for the project; ‘‘(B) how the proposed activities are evi-
dence-based; and 
‘‘(C) if applicable, the prior experience of 
the eligible entity in developing and imple-menting such activities; and 
‘‘(11) a description of how activities funded 
under this part will be evaluated, monitored, and publically reported. 
‘‘(d) A
WARD BASIS.— 
‘‘(1) P RIORITY .—In awarding a grant under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that concentrates the ac-tivities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, and other school leaders serving in high-need schools. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the ex-
tent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this part, including the dis-tribution of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, improve, or expand, in collaboration with teachers, principals, other school leaders, and mem-bers of the public, a performance-based com-pensation system or human capital manage-ment system consistent with this part. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this part may be used for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Developing or improving an evalua-
tion and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as ap-
plicable, that— 
‘‘(i) reflects clear and fair measures of 
teacher, principal, and other school leader performance, based in part on demonstrated improvement in student academic achieve-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) provides teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with ongoing, differen-tiated, targeted, and personalized support and feedback for improvement, including professional development opportunities de-signed to increase effectiveness. 
‘‘(B) Conducting outreach within a local 
educational agency or a State to gain input on how to construct an evaluation system described in subparagraph (A) and to develop support for the evaluation system, including by training appropriate personnel in how to observe and evaluate teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(C) Providing principals and other school 
leaders with— 
‘‘(i) balanced autonomy to make budg-
eting, scheduling, and other school-level de-cisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school without compromising the intent or essential components of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and 
‘‘(ii) authority to make staffing decisions 
that meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering op-portunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in high-need schools together. 
‘‘(D) Implementing, as part of a com-
prehensive performance-based compensation system, a differentiated salary structure, which may include bonuses and stipends, to— 
‘‘(i) teachers who— ‘‘(I)(aa) teach in high-need schools; or 
‘‘(bb) teach in high-need subjects; ‘‘(II) raise student academic achievement; 
or 
‘‘(III) take on additional leadership respon-
sibilities; or 
‘‘(ii) principals and other school leaders 
who serve in high-need schools and raise stu-dent academic achievement in the schools. 
‘‘(E) Improving the local educational agen-
cy’s system and process for the recruitment, selection, placement, and retention of effec-tive teachers and school leaders in high-need schools, such as by improving local edu-cational agency policies and procedures to ensure that high-need schools are competi-tive and timely in— 
‘‘(i) attracting, hiring, and retaining effec-
tive educators; 
‘‘(ii) offering bonuses or higher salaries to 
effective teachers; or 
‘‘(iii) establishing or strengthening resi-
dency programs. 
‘‘(F) Instituting career advancement op-
portunities characterized by increased re-sponsibility and pay that reward and recog-nize effective teachers and school leaders in high-need schools and enable them to expand their leadership and results, such as through teacher-led professional development, men-toring, coaching, hybrid roles, administra-tive duties, and career ladders. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this part shall provide, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or in-kind) to carry out the activities sup-ported by the grant. 
‘‘(g) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided under this part shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activi-ties described in this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) A CTIVITIES SUMMARY .—Each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under this part shall provide to the Secretary a summary of the activities assisted under the grant. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall provide 
to Congress an annual report on the imple-mentation of the program carried out under 
this part, including— 
‘‘(1) information on eligible entities that 
received grant funds under this part, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) information provided by eligible enti-
ties to the Secretary in the applications sub-mitted under section 2202(c); 
‘‘(B) the summaries received under sub-
section (a); and 
‘‘(C) grant award amounts; and ‘‘(2) student academic achievement and, as 
applicable, growth data from the schools par-ticipating in the programs supported under the grant. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the total 
amount reserved under section 2003(c) for this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve for such fiscal year not more than 1 percent for the cost of the evaluation under paragraph (2) and for technical assistance in carrying out this part. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—From amounts reserved 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall carry out an inde-pendent evaluation to measure the effective-ness of the program assisted under this part. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation under 
paragraph (2) shall measure— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the program in 
improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) the satisfaction of the participating 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5365 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the program as-
sisted the eligible entities in recruiting and retaining high-quality teachers, principals, and other school leaders, especially in high- need subject areas.’’. 
SEC. 2003. AMERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS EDU-
CATION. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by section 2002, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART C—AMERICAN HISTORY AND 
CIVICS EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 2301. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated to carry out this part, the Secretary is authorized to carry out an American his-tory and civics education program to im-prove— 
‘‘(1) the quality of American history, 
civics, and government education by edu-cating students about the history and prin-ciples of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights; and 
‘‘(2) the quality of the teaching of Amer-
ican history, civics, and government in ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, in-cluding the teaching of traditional American history. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From amounts 
made available under section 2305 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 85 percent for activi-
ties under section 2302; 
‘‘(2) use not less than 10 percent for activi-
ties under section 2303; and 
‘‘(3) use not more than 5 percent for activi-
ties under section 2304. 
‘‘SEC. 2302. TEACHING OF TRADITIONAL AMER-
ICAN HISTORY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served by the Secretary under section 2301(b)(1), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to local educational agencies— 
‘‘(1) to carry out activities to promote the 
teaching of traditional American history in elementary schools and secondary schools as a separate academic subject (not as a compo-nent of social studies); and 
‘‘(2) for the development, implementation, 
and strengthening of programs to teach tra-ditional American history as a separate aca-demic subject (not as a component of social studies) within elementary school and sec-ondary school curricula, including the imple-mentation of activities— 
‘‘(A) to improve the quality of instruction; 
and 
‘‘(B) to provide professional development 
and teacher education activities with respect to American history. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED PARTNERSHIP .—A local edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under subsection (a) shall carry out activities under the grant in partnership with 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(2) A nonprofit history or humanities or-
ganization. 
‘‘(3) A library or museum. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded under 
subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘SEC. 2303. PRESIDENTIAL AND CONGRESSIONAL 
ACADEMIES FOR AMERICAN HIS-TORY AND CIVICS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served under section 2301(b)(2), the Secretary shall award not more than 12 grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
‘‘(1) eligible entities to establish Presi-
dential Academies for the Teaching of Amer-ican History and Civics (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘Presidential Academies’) in accordance with subsection (e); and 
‘‘(2) eligible entities to establish Congres-
sional Academies for Students of American History and Civics (in this section referred to as the ‘Congressional Academies’) in ac-cordance with subsection (f). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ under this section means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education or 
nonprofit educational organization, museum, library, or research center with dem-onstrated expertise in historical method-ology or the teaching of American history and civics; or 
‘‘(2) a consortium of entities described in 
paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded to eli-
gible entities under subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(e) P
RESIDENTIAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall use the grant funds to establish a Pres-idential Academy that offers a seminar or in-stitute for teachers of American history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) provides intensive professional devel-
opment opportunities for teachers of Amer-ican history and civics to strengthen such teachers’ knowledge of the subjects of Amer-ican history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not 
more than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF TEACHERS .—Each year, 
each Presidential Academy shall select be-tween 50 and 300 teachers of American his-tory and civics from public or private ele-mentary schools and secondary schools to attend the seminar or institute under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(3) T
EACHER STIPENDS .—Each teacher se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such teacher does not incur personal costs associated with the teacher’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that coordinate or align their activities with the National Park Service National Centennial Parks initiative to develop innovative and comprehensive programs using the resources of the National Parks. 
‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) shall use the grant funds to establish a Con-gressional Academy that offers a seminar or institute for outstanding students of Amer-ican history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) broadens and deepens such students’ 
understanding of American history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not 
more than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF STUDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each year, each Con-
gressional Academy shall select between 100 and 300 eligible students to attend the sem-inar or institute under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE STUDENTS .—A student shall 
be eligible to attend a seminar or institute offered by a Congressional Academy under this subsection if the student— 
‘‘(i) is recommended by the student’s sec-
ondary school principal or other school lead-er to attend the seminar or institute; and 
‘‘(ii) will be a junior or senior in the aca-
demic year following attendance at the sem-inar or institute. 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT STIPENDS .—Each student se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such student does not incur personal costs associated with the student’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(g) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives funds under subsection (a) shall pro-vide, toward the cost of the activities as-sisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary deter-mines that applying the matching require-ment would result in serious hardship or an inability to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (e) or (f). 
‘‘SEC. 2304. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to promote new and existing evidence- based strategies to encourage innovative American history, civics and government, and geography instruction, learning strate-gies, and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly such in-struction, strategies, activities, and pro-grams that benefit low-income students and underserved populations. 
‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under section 2301(b)(3), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— 
‘‘(1) expanding, developing, implementing, 
evaluating, and disseminating for voluntary use, innovative, evidenced-based approaches or professional development programs in American history, civics and government, and geography, which may include— 
‘‘(A) hands-on civic engagement activities 
for teachers and low-income students; and 
‘‘(B) programs that educate students about 
the history and principles of the Constitu-tion of the United States, including the Bill of Rights and that demonstrate scalability, accountability, and a focus on underserved populations; and 
‘‘(2) developing other innovative ap-
proaches that— 
‘‘(A) improve the quality of student 
achievement in, and teaching of, American history, civics and government, and geog-raphy, in elementary schools and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrate innovation, scalability, 
accountability, and a focus on underserved populations. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this section for 1 ad-ditional 2-year period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5366 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(3) D IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or for- profit organization with demonstrated exper-tise in the development of evidence-based ap-proaches for improving the quality of Amer-ican history, geography, and civics learning and teaching. 
‘‘SEC. 2305. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 2004. LITERACY EDUCATION. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2003, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—LITERACY EDUCATION FOR 
ALL, RESULTS FOR THE NATION 
‘‘SEC. 2401. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are— 
‘‘(1) to improve student academic achieve-
ment in reading and writing by providing Federal support to States to develop, revise, or update comprehensive literacy instruc-tion plans that, when implemented, ensure high-quality instruction and effective strate-gies in reading and writing from early edu-cation through grade 12; and 
‘‘(2) for States to provide targeted sub-
grants to State-designated early childhood education programs and local educational agencies and their public or private partners to implement evidenced-based programs that ensure high-quality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMPREHENSIVE LITERACY INSTRUC -
TION.—The term ‘comprehensive literacy in-
struction’ means instruction that— 
‘‘(A) includes developmentally appropriate, 
contextually explicit, and systematic in-struction, and frequent practice, in reading and writing across content areas; 
‘‘(B) includes age-appropriate, explicit, 
systematic, and intentional instruction in phonological awareness, phonic decoding, vo-cabulary, language structure, reading flu-ency, and reading comprehension; 
‘‘(C) includes age-appropriate, explicit in-
struction in writing, including opportunities for children to write with clear purposes, with critical reasoning appropriate to the topic and purpose, and with specific instruc-tion and feedback from instructional staff; 
‘‘(D) makes available and uses diverse, 
high-quality print materials that reflect the reading and development levels, and inter-ests, of children; 
‘‘(E) uses differentiated instructional ap-
proaches, including individual and small group instruction and discussion; 
‘‘(F) provides opportunities for children to 
use language with peers and adults in order to develop language skills, including devel-oping vocabulary; 
‘‘(G) includes frequent practice of reading 
and writing strategies; 
‘‘(H) uses age-appropriate, valid, and reli-
able screening assessments, diagnostic as-sessments, formative assessment processes, and summative assessments to identify a child’s learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor the child’s progress and the 
effects of instruction; 
‘‘(I) uses strategies to enhance children’s 
motivation to read and write and children’s engagement in self-directed learning; 
‘‘(J) incorporates the principles of uni-
versal design for learning; 
‘‘(K) depends on teachers’ collaboration in 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learning; and 
‘‘(L) links literacy instruction to the chal-
lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1), including the ability to navi-gate, understand, and write about, complex print and digital subject matter. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means an entity that serves a high percentage of high-need schools and consists of— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agen-
cies that— 
‘‘(i) have the highest number or proportion 
of children who are counted under section 1124(c), in comparison to other local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) are among the local educational agen-
cies in the State with the highest number or percentages of children reading or writing below grade level, based on the most cur-rently available State academic assessment data under section 1111(b)(2); or 
‘‘(iii) serve a significant number or per-
centage of schools that are identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(B) one or more State-designated early 
childhood education programs, which may include home-based literacy programs for preschool aged children, that have a dem-onstrated record of providing comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
‘‘(C) a local educational agency, described 
in subparagraph (A), or consortium of such local educational agencies, or a State-des-ignated early childhood education program, which may include home-based literacy pro-grams for preschool aged children, acting in partnership with 1 or more public or private nonprofit organizations or agencies (which may include State-designated early child-hood education programs) that have a dem-onstrated record of effectiveness in— 
‘‘(i) improving literacy achievement of 
children, consistent with the purposes of their participation, from birth through grade 12; and 
‘‘(ii) providing professional development in 
comprehensive literacy instruction. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means— 
‘‘(i) an elementary school or middle school 
in which not less than 50 percent of the en-rolled students are children from low-income families; or 
‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from low-income families, which may be cal-culated using comparable data from the schools that feed into the high school. 
‘‘(B) L
OW-INCOME FAMILY .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the term ‘low-income fam-ily’ means a family— 
‘‘(i) in which the children are eligible for a 
free or reduced price lunch under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) receiving assistance under the pro-
gram of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(iii) in which the children are eligible to 
receive medical assistance under the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). ‘‘SEC. 2402. COMPREHENSIVE LITERACY STATE 
DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts appropriated to carry out this part and not reserved under subsection (b), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) provide subgrants to eligible entities 
serving a diversity of geographic areas, giv-ing priority to entities serving greater num-bers or percentages of disadvantaged chil-dren; and 
‘‘(2) develop or enhance comprehensive lit-
eracy instruction plans that ensure high- quality instruction and effective strategies in reading and writing for children from early childhood education through grade 12, including English learners and children with disabilities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than a total of 5 percent for 
national activities including a national eval-uation, technical assistance and training, data collection, and reporting; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior to carry out a program de-scribed in this part at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(3) one-half of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas to carry out a program under this part. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant award-
ed under this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. Such grant may be re-newed for an additional 2-year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(1) the State has made adequate progress; 
and 
‘‘(2) renewing the grant for an additional 2- 
year period is necessary to carry out the ob-jectives of the grant described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency desiring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with the State agency responsible for administering early childhood education programs and the State agency responsible for administering child care programs in the State in writing and implementing the early childhood education portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described 
in paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) A needs assessment that analyzes lit-
eracy needs across the State and in high- need schools and local educational agencies that serve high-need schools, including iden-tifying the most pressing gaps in literacy proficiency and inequities in student access to effective teachers of literacy, considering each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency, in collaboration with the State literacy team, if applicable, will de-velop a State comprehensive literacy in-struction plan or will revise and update an already existing State comprehensive lit-eracy instruction plan. 
‘‘(C) An implementation plan that includes 
a description of how the State educational agency will carry out the State activities de-scribed in subsection (e). 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will use implementation grant funds described in subsection (e)(1) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.037 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5367 July 21, 2015 
comprehensive literacy instruction programs 
as follows: 
‘‘(i) Not less than 15 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will give priority in award-ing a subgrant under section 2403 to an eligi-ble entity that— 
‘‘(i) serves children from birth through age 
5 who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal pov-erty line; or 
‘‘(ii) is a local educational agency serving 
a high number or percentage of high-need schools. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of such grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities, based on their needs assessment and a competitive application process. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section may reserve not more than 5 percent for ac-tivities identified through the needs assess-ment and comprehensive literacy plan de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (d)(2), including the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(A) Providing technical assistance, or en-
gaging qualified providers to provide tech-nical assistance, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to design and imple-ment literacy programs. 
‘‘(B) Coordinating with institutions of 
higher education in the State to provide rec-ommendations to strengthen and enhance pre-service courses for students preparing to teach children from birth through grade 12 in explicit, systematic, and intensive instruc-tion in evidence-based literacy methods. 
‘‘(C) Reviewing and updating, in collabora-
tion with teachers, statewide educational and professional organizations representing teachers, and statewide educational and pro-fessional organizations representing institu-tions of higher education, State licensure or certification standards in the area of lit-eracy instruction in early education through grade 12. 
‘‘(D) Making publicly available, including 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional prac-tices to improve child literacy achievement. 
‘‘(E) Administering and monitoring the im-
plementation of subgrants by eligible enti-ties. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL USES .—After carrying out 
the activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2), a State educational agency may use any remaining amount to carry out 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Developing literacy coach training 
programs and training literacy coaches. 
‘‘(B) Administration and evaluation of ac-
tivities carried out under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2403. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
IN SUPPORT OF BIRTH THROUGH KINDERGARTEN ENTRY LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall, in consultation with the State agen-cies responsible for administering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agency responsible for administering child care programs, and, if 
applicable, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care des-ignated or established pursuant to section 642B(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)(i))), use a portion of the grant funds, in accordance with section 2402(d)(2)(D)(i), to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to support high- quality early literacy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligi-ble entity to carry out high-quality early lit-eracy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible en-
tity desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of— 
‘‘(1) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
enhance the language and literacy develop-ment and school readiness of children, from birth through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
‘‘(2) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through high-quality professional development; 
‘‘(3) how the activities assisted under the 
subgrant will be coordinated with com-prehensive literacy instruction at the kin-dergarten through grade 12 levels; 
‘‘(4) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
evaluate the success of the activities as-sisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early language and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(5) such other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds, consistent with the entity’s approved application under subsection (b), to— 
‘‘(1) carry out high-quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized in-structional support personnel, and instruc-tional leaders; 
‘‘(2) train providers and personnel to de-
velop and administer high-quality early childhood education literacy initiatives; and 
‘‘(3) coordinate the involvement of fami-
lies, early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and teachers in literacy devel-opment of children served under the subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 2404. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
IN SUPPORT OF KINDERGARTEN THROUGH GRADE 12 LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall use a portion of the grant funds, in ac-cordance with clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 2402(d)(2)(D), to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to carry out the author-ized activities described in subsections (b) and (c). ‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—A State 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out high-quality comprehensive literacy instruc-tion in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible enti-
ty desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include, for each school that the eligible entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the following information: 
‘‘(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
needs assessment conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and improve comprehensive literacy instruction at the school. 
‘‘(B) How the school, the local educational 
agency, or a provider of high-quality profes-sional development will provide ongoing high-quality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and other instructional leaders served by the school. 
‘‘(C) How the school will identify children 
in need of literacy interventions or other support services. 
‘‘(D) An explanation of how the school will 
integrate comprehensive literacy instruction into core academic subjects. 
‘‘(E) A description of how the school will 
coordinate comprehensive literacy instruc-tion with early childhood education and after-school programs and activities in the area served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR KINDER -
GARTEN THROUGH GRADE 5.—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in kindergarten through grade 5: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan across content areas for such children that— 
‘‘(A) serves the needs of all children, in-
cluding children with disabilities and English learners, especially children who are reading or writing below grade level; 
‘‘(B) provides intensive, supplemental, ac-
celerated, and explicit intervention and sup-port in reading and writing for children whose literacy skills are below grade level; and 
‘‘(C) supports activities that are provided 
primarily during the regular school day but which may be augmented by after-school and out-of-school time instruction. 
‘‘(2) Providing high-quality professional 
development opportunities for teachers, lit-eracy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appro-priate), principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, school librarians, paraprofessionals, and other program staff. 
‘‘(3) Training principals, specialized in-
structional support personnel, and other school district personnel to support, develop, administer, and evaluate high-quality kin-dergarten through grade 5 literacy initia-tives. 
‘‘(4) Coordinating the involvement of early 
childhood education program staff, prin-cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), special educators, school personnel, and specialized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5368 July 21, 2015 
instructional support personnel (as appro-
priate) in the literacy development of chil-dren served under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) Engaging families and encouraging 
family literacy experiences and practices to support literacy development. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR GRADES 6 
THROUGH 12.—An eligible entity that receives 
a subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) for children in grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(2) Training principals, specialized in-
struction support personnel, school librar-ians, and other school district personnel to support, develop, administer, and evaluate high-quality comprehensive literacy instruc-tion initiatives for grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(3) Assessing the quality of adolescent 
comprehensive literacy instruction in core academic subjects, and career and technical education subjects where such career and technical education subjects provide for the integration of core academic subjects. 
‘‘(4) Providing time for teachers to meet to 
plan evidence-based adolescent comprehen-sive literacy instruction in core academic subjects, and career and technical education subjects where such career and technical education subjects provide for the integra-tion of core academic subjects. 
‘‘(5) Coordinating the involvement of prin-
cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), para-professionals, special educators, specialized instructional support personnel (as appro-priate), and school personnel in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOWABLE USES.—An eligible entity 
that receives a subgrant under this section 
may, in addition to carrying out the activi-ties described in subsection (b) or (c), use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in kinder-garten through grade 12: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting, placing, training, and com-
pensating literacy coaches. 
‘‘(2) Connecting out-of-school learning op-
portunities to in-school learning in order to improve the literacy achievement of the children. 
‘‘(3) Training families and caregivers to 
support the improvement of adolescent lit-eracy. 
‘‘(4) Providing for a multitier system of 
support. 
‘‘(5) Forming a school literacy leadership 
team to help implement, assess, and identify necessary changes to the literacy initiatives in 1 or more schools to ensure success. 
‘‘(6) Providing time for teachers (and other 
literacy staff, as appropriate, such as school librarians or specialized instructional sup-port personnel) to meet to plan comprehen-sive literacy instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 2405. NATIONAL EVALUATION AND INFOR-
MATION DISSEMINATION. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL EVALUATION .—From funds 
reserved under section 2402(b)(1), the Direc-tor of the Institute of Education Sciences shall conduct a national evaluation of the grant and subgrant programs assisted under this part. Such evaluation shall include evi-dence-based research that applies rigorous and systematic procedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to the implementation and effect of the programs and shall directly coordinate with individual State evaluations of the programs’ implementation and im-pact. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall— ‘‘(1) provide the findings of the evaluation 
conducted under this section to State edu-cational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
‘‘(2) make such findings publicly available, 
including on the websites of the Department and the Institute of Education Sciences; and 
‘‘(3) submit such findings to the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘SEC. 2406. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Grant funds provided under this part shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this part.’’. 
SEC. 2005. IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS INSTRUCTION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECH-
NOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHE-MATICS INSTRUCTION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT 
‘‘SEC. 2501. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve 
student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, by— 
‘‘(1) improving instruction in such subjects 
through grade 12; 
‘‘(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, such subjects, including for students from groups underrep-resented in such subjects, such as female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students; 
‘‘(3) improving the quality and effective-
ness of classroom instruction by recruiting, training, and supporting highly rated teach-ers and providing robust tools and supports for students and teachers in such subjects; 
‘‘(4) increasing student access to high-qual-
ity informal and after-school programs that target the identified subjects and improving the coordination of such programs with classroom instruction in the identified sub-jects; and 
‘‘(5) closing student achievement gaps, and 
preparing more students to be college and career ready, in such subjects. 
‘‘SEC. 2502. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE SUBGRANTEE .—The term ‘eli-
gible subgrantee’ means— 
‘‘(A) a high-need local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 high-need local educational agency; 
‘‘(C) a consortium of high-need local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(D) an entity described in subparagraph 
(A) or (C) of paragraph (2) that has signed a memorandum of agreement with an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of 
this paragraph to implement the require-ments of this part in partnership with such entity. 
‘‘(2) O
UTSIDE PARTNER .—The term ‘outside 
partner’ means an entity that has expertise and a demonstrated record of success in im-proving student learning and engagement in the identified subjects described in section 2504(b)(2), including any of the following: 
‘‘(A) A nonprofit or community-based orga-
nization, which may include a cultural orga-nization, such as a museum or learning cen-ter. 
‘‘(B) A business. ‘‘(C) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(D) An educational service agency. ‘‘(3) STEM-
FOCUSED SPECIALTY SCHOOL .— 
The term ‘STEM-focused specialty school’ means a school, or a dedicated program with-
in a school, that engages students in rig-orous, relevant, and integrated learning ex-periences focused on science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics, which include authentic school-wide research. 
‘‘(4) STEM 
MASTER TEACHER CORPS .—The 
term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a State-led effort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics teaching profession by recognizing, rewarding, attracting, and retaining out-standing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teachers, particularly in high-need and rural schools, by— 
‘‘(A) selecting candidates to be master 
teachers in the corps on the basis of— 
‘‘(i) content knowledge based on a screen-
ing examination; and 
‘‘(ii) pedagogical knowledge of and success 
in teaching; 
‘‘(B) offering such teachers opportunities 
to— 
‘‘(i) work with one another in scholarly 
communities; 
‘‘(ii) participate in and lead high-quality 
professional development; and 
‘‘(C) providing such teachers with addi-
tional appropriate and substantial com-pensation for the work described in subpara-graph (B) and in the master teacher commu-nity. 
‘‘SEC. 2503. GRANTS; ALLOTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts made 
available to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to State educational agencies, through allot-ments described in subsection (b), to enable State educational agencies to carry out the activities described in section 2505. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the amount avail-able to carry out this part for such year, as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the amount avail-able to carry out this part for such year as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING MINIMUM .—No State receiving 
an allotment under this subsection may re-ceive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not successfully apply for an al-lotment under this part, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
‘‘SEC. 2504. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State desiring an 
allotment under section 2503(b) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such in-formation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, an appli-
cation submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the needs, including 
assets, identified by the State educational agency based on a State analysis, which shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5369 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) an analysis of science, technology, en-
gineering, and mathematics education qual-ity and outcomes in the State, which may include results from a pre-existing analysis; 
‘‘(B) labor market information regarding 
the industry and business workforce needs within the State; 
‘‘(C) information on student exposure to 
and retention in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics fields, including among low-income and underrepresented groups, which may include results from a pre-existing analysis; and 
‘‘(D) an analysis of the quality of pre-serv-
ice preparation at all public institutions of higher education (including alternative pathways to teacher licensure or certifi-cation) for individuals preparing to teach science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects in the State. 
‘‘(2) An identification of the specific sub-
jects that the State educational agency will address through the activities described in section 2505, consistent with the needs iden-tified under paragraph (1) (referred to in this part as ‘identified subjects’). 
‘‘(3) A description, in a manner that ad-
dresses any needs identified under paragraph (1), of— 
‘‘(A) how grant funds will be used by the 
State educational agency to improve in-struction in the identified subjects; 
‘‘(B) the process that the State educational 
agency will use for awarding subgrants, in-cluding how relevant stakeholders will be in-volved; 
‘‘(C) how the State’s proposed project will 
ensure increased access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subject fields (which may include fe-male students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students) to high- quality courses in 1 or more of the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(D) how the State educational agency will 
continue to involve stakeholders in edu-cation reform efforts related to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 2505. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Each State 
educational agency that receives an allot-ment under this part shall use the grant funds reserved under subsection (d)(2) to carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups under-represented in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students, to high- quality courses in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(2) Implementing evidence-based pro-
grams of instruction based on high-quality standards and assessments in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(3) Providing professional development 
and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers and school leaders to promote high-quality instruction and instructional leadership in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(b) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Each State 
educational agency that receives an allot-ment under this part may use the grant funds reserved under subsection (d)(2) to carry out 1 or more of the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting qualified teachers and in-
structional leaders who are trained in identi-fied subjects, including teachers who have transitioned into the teaching profession from a careers in the science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics fields. ‘‘(2) Providing induction and mentoring 
services to new teachers in identified sub-jects. 
‘‘(3) Developing instructional supports for 
identified subjects, such as curricula and as-sessments, which shall be evidence-based and aligned with challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(4) Supporting the development of a 
State-wide STEM master teacher corps. 
‘‘(c) S
UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives a grant under this part shall use the amounts not reserved under subsection (d) to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible subgrantees to en-able the eligible subgrantees to carry out the activities described in paragraph (4). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM SUBGRANT .—A State edu-
cational agency shall award subgrants under this subsection that are of sufficient size and scope to support high-quality, evidence- based, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(3) S
UBGRANTEE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible subgrantee 
desiring a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may require. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS OF SUBGRANTEE APPLICA -
TION.—At a minimum, the application de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) A description of the activities that the 
eligible subgrantee will carry out, and how such activities will improve teaching and student academic achievement in the State’s identified subjects. 
‘‘(ii) A description of how the eligible sub-
grantee will use funds provided under this subsection to serve students and teachers in high-need schools. 
‘‘(iii) A description of how the eligible sub-
grantee will use funds provided under this subsection for services and activities to in-crease access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics sub-ject fields, which may include female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students, to high-quality 
courses in 1 or more of the State’s identified subjects. Such activities and services may include after-school activities or other infor-mal learning opportunities designed to en-courage interest and develop skills in 1 or more of such subjects. 
‘‘(iv) A description of how funds provided 
under this subsection will be coordinated with other Federal, State, and local pro-grams and activities, including career and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006. 
‘‘(v) If the eligible subgrantee is working 
with outside partners, a description of how such outside partners will be involved in im-proving instruction and increasing access to high-quality learning experiences in the State’s identified subjects. 
‘‘(4) S
UBGRANTEE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS .—Each sub-
grantee under this subsection shall use the subgrant funds to carry out activities for students through grade 12, as described in the subgrantee’s application, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) high-quality teacher and instructional 
leader recruitment, support, and evaluation in the State’s identified subjects; 
‘‘(ii) professional development, which may 
include development and support for instruc-tional coaches, to enable teachers and in-structional leaders to increase student achievement in identified subjects; ‘‘(iii) activities to— 
‘‘(I) improve the content knowledge of 
teachers in the State’s identified subjects; 
‘‘(II) facilitate professional collaboration, 
which may include providing time for such collaborations with school personnel, after- school program personnel, and personnel of informal programs that target the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(III) improve the integration of informal 
and after-school programs that target the identified subjects with classroom instruc-tion, such as through the use of strategic partnerships with science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics researchers, and other professionals from relevant fields who may be able to assist in activities focused in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics; and 
‘‘(iv) the development, adoption, and im-
provement of high-quality curricula and in-structional supports that— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(II) the eligible subgrantee will use to im-
prove student academic achievement in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(B) A
LLOWABLE USE OF FUNDS .—In addi-
tion to the required activities described in subparagraph (A), each eligible subgrantee that receives a subgrant under this sub-section may also use the subgrant funds to— 
‘‘(i) support the participation of low-in-
come students in nonprofit competitions re-lated to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects (such as robotics, science research, invention, mathematics, computer science, and technology competi-tions); 
‘‘(ii) broaden secondary school students’ 
access to, and interest in, careers that re-quire academic preparation in 1 or more identified subjects; 
‘‘(iii) broaden the access of secondary 
school students to early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses in science, technology, engineering, or mathe-matics subjects, including providing profes-sional development to teachers and leaders related to this work; 
‘‘(iv) broaden student access to 
mentorship, tutoring, and after-school ac-tivities or other informal learning opportu-nities designed to encourage interest and de-velop skills in 1 or more of the State’s iden-tified subjects; 
‘‘(v) partner with established after-school 
and science, technology, engineering, and mathematics networks to provide technical assistance to after-school programs to im-
prove their practice, such as through devel-oping quality standards and appropriate learning outcomes for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programming in after-school programs; 
‘‘(vi) provide hands-on learning and expo-
sure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics research facilities and busi-nesses through in-person or virtual distance- learning experiences; 
‘‘(vii) partner with current or recently re-
tired science, technology, engineering, and mathematics professionals to engage stu-dents and teachers in instruction in such subjects; 
‘‘(viii) tailor and integrate educational re-
sources developed by Federal agencies, as ap-propriate, to improve student achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics; 
‘‘(ix) support the use of field-based or serv-
ice learning that enables students to use the local environment and community as a learning resource and to enhance the stu-dents’ understanding of the identified sub-jects through environmental science edu-cation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5370 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(x) address science, technology, engineer-
ing, and mathematics needs identified in the State plan under section 102 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3112), or by a local workforce develop-ment board under section 107(d), or in the local plan submitted under section 108, of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3122(d), 3123), for the State, local area (as defined in section 3 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)), or region (as so de-fined) that the eligible subgrantee is serving; and 
‘‘(xi) support the creation and enhance-
ment of STEM-focused specialty schools that improve student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, including computer science, and pre-pare more students to be ready for postsec-ondary education and careers in such sub-jects. 
‘‘(C) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—A State may re-
quire an eligible subgrantee receiving a subgrant under this subsection to dem-onstrate that such subgrantee has obtained a commitment from 1 or more outside partners to match, using non-Federal funds, a portion of the amount of subgrant funds, in an amount determined by the State. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives an allotment under this part may use not more than 5 percent of grant funds for— 
‘‘(A) administrative costs; ‘‘(B) monitoring the implementation of 
subgrants; 
‘‘(C) providing technical assistance to eli-
gible subgrantees; and 
‘‘(D) evaluating subgrants in coordination 
with the evaluation described in section 2506(c). 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—Each State educational 
agency that receives an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 15 and not more than 20 percent of grant funds, inclu-sive of the amount described in paragraph (1), for additional State activities, consistent with subsections (a) and (b). 
‘‘SEC. 2506. PERFORMANCE METRICS; REPORT; 
EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Secretary, acting through the 
Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall establish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this part. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency that receives an allotment under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary, which shall include information relevant to the perform-ance metrics described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND MANAGEMENT .—The 
Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences, and in con-sultation with the Director of the National Science Foundation— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under this part, including progress measured by the metrics established under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) identify best practices to improve in-
struction in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; 
‘‘(2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
National Science Foundation, research on best practices to improve instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects; 
‘‘(3) ensure that the Department is taking 
appropriate action to— 
‘‘(A) identify all activities being supported 
under this part; and 
‘‘(B) avoid unnecessary duplication of ef-
forts between the activities being supported under this part and other programmatic ac-tivities supported by the Department or by 
other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(4) develop a rigorous system to— ‘‘(A) identify the science, technology, engi-
neering, and mathematics education-specific needs of States and stakeholders receiving funds through subgrants under this part; 
‘‘(B) make public and widely disseminate 
programmatic activities relating to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that are supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(C) develop plans for aligning the pro-
grammatic activities supported by the De-partment and other Federal agencies with the State and stakeholder needs. 
‘‘SEC. 2507. SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds received under this part shall be 
used to supplement, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2508. REPORT ON CYBERSECURITY EDU-
CATION. 
‘‘Not later than June 1, 2016, the Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, a report describing whether secondary and postsecondary education pro-grams are meeting the need of public and private sectors for cyberdefense. Such report shall include— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the shortfalls in cur-
rent secondary and postsecondary education needed to develop cybersecurity profes-sionals, and recommendations to address such shortfalls; 
‘‘(2) an assessment of successful secondary 
and postsecondary programs that produce competent cybersecurity professionals; and 
‘‘(3) recommendations of subjects to be 
covered by elementary schools and sec-ondary schools to better prepare students for postsecondary cybersecurity education.’’. 
SEC. 2006. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART F—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 2601. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL MAN-
DATES , DIRECTION , ORCONTROL .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s— 
‘‘(1) instructional content or materials, 
curriculum, program of instruction, aca-demic standards, or academic assessments; 
‘‘(2) teacher, principal, or other school 
leader evaluation system; 
‘‘(3) specific definition of teacher, prin-
cipal, or other school leader effectiveness; or 
‘‘(4) teacher, principal, or other school 
leader professional standards, certification, or licensing. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOL OR DISTRICT EMPLOYEES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, rem-edies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agree-ments between such employees and their em-ployers.’’. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
SEC. 3001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ LIM-
ITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ENGLISH LEARNERS ’’; 
(2) in part A— (A) by striking section 3122; (B) redesignating sections 3123, 3124, 3125, 
3126, 3127, 3128, and 3129 as sections 3122, 3123, 3124, 3125, 3126, 3127, and 3128, respectively; and 
(C) by striking subpart 4; (3) by striking part B; (4) by redesignating part C as part B; and (5) in part B, as redesignated by paragraph 
(4)— 
(A) by redesignating section 3301 as section 
3201; 
(B) by striking section 3302; and (C) by redesignating sections 3303 and 3304 
as sections 3202 and 3203, respectively. 
SEC. 3002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 3001 (20 U.S.C. 6801) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this title such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 3003. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION, 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT, AND ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
Part A of title III (20 U.S.C. 6811 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 3102, by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (9) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) to help ensure that English learners, 
including immigrant children and youth, at-tain English proficiency, and develop high levels of academic achievement in English; 
‘‘(2) to assist all English learners, includ-
ing immigrant children and youth, to achieve at high levels in academic subjects so that children who are English learners can meet the same challenging State aca-
demic standards that all children are ex-pected to meet, consistent with section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(3) to assist early childhood educators, 
teachers, principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local edu-cational agencies in establishing, imple-menting, and sustaining effective language instruction educational programs designed to assist in teaching English learners, in-cluding immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(4) to assist early childhood educators, 
teachers, principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local edu-cational agencies to develop and enhance their capacity to provide effective instruc-tion programs designed to prepare English learners, including immigrant children and youth, to enter all-English instruction set-tings; 
‘‘(5) to promote parental, family, and com-
munity participation in language instruction educational programs for the parents, fami-lies, and communities of English learners; and 
‘‘(6) to provide incentives to grantees to 
implement policies and practices that will lead to significant improvements in the in-struction and achievement of English learn-ers.’’; 
(2) in section 3111— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (D) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Establishing and implementing, with 
timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standard-ized statewide entrance and exit procedures, including a requirement that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5371 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) Providing effective teacher and prin-
cipal preparation, professional development activities, and other evidence-based activi-ties related to the education of English learners, which may include assisting teach-ers, principals, and other educators in— 
‘‘(i) meeting State and local certification 
and licensing requirements for teaching English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) improving teaching skills in meeting 
the diverse needs of English learners, includ-ing how to implement effective programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
‘‘(C) Planning, evaluation, administration, 
and interagency coordination related to the subgrants referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(D) Providing technical assistance and 
other forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this subpart, in-cluding assistance in— 
‘‘(i) identifying and implementing effective 
language instruction educational programs and curricula for teaching English learners, including those in early childhood settings; 
‘‘(ii) helping English learners meet the 
same State academic standards that all chil-dren are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and imple-
menting, measures of English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iv) strengthening and increasing parent, 
family, and community engagement in pro-grams that serve English learners. 
‘‘(E) Providing recognition, which may in-
clude providing financial awards, to recipi-ents of subgrants under section 3115 that have significantly improved the achievement and progress of English learners in meeting— 
‘‘(i) annual timelines and goals for progress 
established under section 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1).’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘D
IRECT ’’ 
before ‘‘A DMINISTRATIVE ’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘adminis-
trative costs’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 3001’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘3303’’ both places it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘3202’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘not more than 0.5 percent 
of such amount shall be reserved for evalua-tion activities conducted by the Secretary and’’; and 
(cc) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(IV) by striking subparagraph (D); (ii) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(iv) in paragraph (2)(A), as redesignated by 
clause (iii)— 
(I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3001’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient’’ and all that follows through ‘‘States;’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners in the State bears to the number of English learners in all States, as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (3);’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) U
SE OF DATA FOR DETERMINATIONS .—In 
making State allotments under paragraph (2)(A) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine the number of English 
learners in a State and in all States, using the most accurate, up-to-date data, which 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) data available from the American 
Community Survey conducted by the De-partment of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates; 
‘‘(ii) the number of students being assessed 
for English language proficiency, based on the State’s English language proficiency as-sessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G), which may be multiyear estimates; or 
‘‘(iii) a combination of data available 
under clauses (i) and (ii); and 
‘‘(B) determine the number of immigrant 
children and youth in the State and in all States based only on data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Department of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates.’’; 
(3) in section 3113— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘reason-
ably’’ before ‘‘require’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘making’’ 
and inserting ‘‘awarding’’; and 
(ii) by striking paragraphs (2) through (6) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) describe how the agency will establish 
and implement, with timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures, including an assurance that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of en-rollment in a school in the State; 
‘‘(3) provide an assurance that— ‘‘(A) the agency will ensure that eligible 
entities receiving a subgrant under this sub-part comply with the requirement in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(ix) to annually assess in English all English learners who have been in the United States for 3 or more years; 
‘‘(B) the agency will ensure that eligible 
entities receiving a subgrant under this sub-part annually assess the English proficiency of all English learners participating in a pro-gram funded under this subpart, consistent with section 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(C) in awarding subgrants under section 
3114, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geo-graphic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
‘‘(D) subgrants to eligible entities under 
section 3114(d)(1) will be of sufficient size and scope to allow such entities to carry out ef-fective language instruction educational pro-grams for English learners; 
‘‘(E) the agency will require an eligible en-
tity receiving a subgrant under this subpart 
to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipient’s capacity to continue to offer effective language instruction educational programs that assist English learners in meeting challenging State academic stand-ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(F) the agency will monitor each eligible 
entity receiving a subgrant under this sub-part for compliance with applicable Federal fiscal requirements; and 
‘‘(G) the plan has been developed in con-
sultation with local educational agencies, teachers, administrators of programs imple-mented under this subpart, parents of English learners, and other relevant stake-holders; 
‘‘(4) describe how the agency will coordi-
nate its programs and activities under this subpart with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appro-priate; 
‘‘(5) describe how each eligible entity will 
be given the flexibility to teach English learners— 
‘‘(A) using a high-quality, effective lan-
guage instruction curriculum for teaching English learners; and ‘‘(B) in the manner the eligible entities de-
termine to be the most effective; 
‘‘(6) describe how the agency will assist eli-
gible entities in meeting— 
‘‘(A) annual timelines and goals for 
progress established under section 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(7) describe how the agency will assist eli-
gible entities in decreasing the number of English learners who have not yet acquired English proficiency within 5 years of their initial classification as an English learner; 
‘‘(8) describe how the agency will ensure 
that the unique needs of the State’s popu-lation of English learners and immigrant children and youth are being addressed; and 
‘‘(9) describe how the agency will monitor 
and evaluate the progress of each eligible en-tity receiving funds under this subpart to-ward meeting the timelines and goals for English proficiency required under section 1111(c)(1)(K) and the steps the State will take to further assist eligible entities if such strategies funded under this part are not ef-fective in making such progress and meeting academic goals established under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for English learners, such as providing technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking 
‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘, objec-
tives,’’; 
(4) in section 3114— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3111(c)(3)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 3111(c)(2)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3111(c)(3)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 3111(c)(2)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘preceding the fiscal year’’; (5) by striking section 3115 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3115. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES OF SUBGRANTS .—A State 
educational agency may make a subgrant to an eligible entity from funds received by the agency under this subpart only if the entity 
agrees to expend the funds to improve the education of English learners by assisting the children to learn English and meet the challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1). In carrying out activities with such funds, the eligible entity shall use effective approaches and meth-odologies for teaching English learners and immigrant children and youth for the fol-lowing purposes: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing new lan-
guage instruction educational programs and academic content instruction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth, including early childhood education programs, elementary school programs, and secondary school programs. 
‘‘(2) Carrying out highly focused, innova-
tive, locally designed activities to expand or enhance existing language instruction edu-cational programs and academic content in-struction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(3) Implementing, within an individual 
school, schoolwide programs for restruc-turing, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational pro-grams and academic content instruction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5372 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(4) Implementing, within the entire juris-
diction of a local educational agency, agen-cy-wide programs for restructuring, reform-ing, and upgrading all relevant programs, ac-tivities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and aca-demic content instruction for English learn-ers and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— 
Each eligible entity receiving funds under section 3114(a) for a fiscal year may use not more than 2 percent of such funds for the cost of administering this subpart. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
An eligible entity receiving funds under sec-tion 3114(a) shall use the funds— 
‘‘(1) to increase the English language pro-
ficiency of English learners by providing ef-fective language instruction educational pro-grams that meet the needs of English learn-ers and are based on high-quality research demonstrating success in increasing— 
‘‘(A) English language proficiency; and ‘‘(B) student academic achievement; ‘‘(2) to provide effective professional devel-
opment to classroom teachers (including teachers in classroom settings that are not the settings of language instruction edu-cational programs), principals, other school leaders, administrators, and other school or community-based organizational personnel, that is— 
‘‘(A) designed to improve the instruction 
and assessment of English learners; 
‘‘(B) designed to enhance the ability of 
such teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and implement appro-priate curricula, assessment practices, and instruction strategies for English learners; 
‘‘(C) effective in increasing children’s 
English language proficiency or substan-tially increasing the subject matter knowl-edge, teaching knowledge, and teaching skills of such teachers; and 
‘‘(D) of sufficient intensity and duration 
(which shall not include activities such as 1- day or short-term workshops and con-ferences) to have a positive and lasting im-pact on the teachers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an activity that is one component of a long-term, comprehensive professional development plan established by a teacher and the teacher’s supervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency employing the teacher, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) to provide and implement effective 
parent, family, and community engagement activities in order to enhance or supplement language instruction educational programs for English Learners. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
Subject to subsection (c), an eligible entity receiving funds under section 3114(a) may use the funds to achieve 1 of the purposes de-scribed in subsection (a) by undertaking 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Upgrading program objectives and ef-
fective instructional strategies. 
‘‘(2) Improving the instructional program 
for English learners by identifying, acquir-ing, and upgrading curricula, instruction materials, educational software, and assess-ment procedures. 
‘‘(3) Providing to English learners— ‘‘(A) tutorials and academic or career and 
technical education; 
‘‘(B) intensified instruction, which may in-
clude linguistically responsive materials; and 
‘‘(C) bilingual paraprofessionals, which 
may include interpreters and translators. 
‘‘(4) Developing and implementing effective 
preschool, elementary school, or secondary school language instruction educational pro-grams that are coordinated with other rel-
evant programs and services. 
‘‘(5) Improving the English language pro-
ficiency and academic achievement of English learners. 
‘‘(6) Providing community participation 
programs, family literacy services, and par-ent and family outreach and training activi-ties to English learners and their families— 
‘‘(A) to improve the English language 
skills of English learners; and 
‘‘(B) to assist parents and families in help-
ing their children to improve their academic achievement and becoming active partici-pants in the education of their children. 
‘‘(7) Improving the instruction of English 
learners, including English learners with a disability, by providing for— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition or development of edu-
cational technology or instructional mate-rials; 
‘‘(B) access to, and participation in, elec-
tronic networks for materials, training, and communication; and 
‘‘(C) incorporation of the resources de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) into curricula and programs, such as those funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(8) Carrying out other activities that are 
consistent with the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES BY AGENCIES EXPERIENCING  
SUBSTANTIAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRANT CHIL-
DREN AND YOUTH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity receiv-
ing funds under section 3114(d)(1) shall use the funds to pay for activities that provide enhanced instructional opportunities for im-migrant children and youth, which may in-clude— 
‘‘(A) family literacy, parent and family 
outreach, and training activities designed to assist parents and families to become active 
participants in the education of their chil-dren; 
‘‘(B) recruitment of, and support for per-
sonnel, including early childhood educators, teachers, paraprofessionals who have been specifically trained, or are being trained, to provide services to immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(C) provision of tutorials, mentoring, and 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(D) identification and acquisition of cur-
ricular materials, educational software, and technologies to be used in the program car-ried out with funds; 
‘‘(E) basic instruction services that are di-
rectly attributable to the presence of immi-grant children and youth in the local edu-cational agency involved, including the pay-ment of costs of providing additional class-room supplies, costs of transportation, or such other costs as are directly attributable to such additional basic instructional serv-ices; 
‘‘(F) other instructional services that are 
designed to assist immigrant children and youth to achieve in elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States, such as programs of introduction to the edu-cational system and civics education; and 
‘‘(G) activities, coordinated with commu-
nity-based organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents and families of immigrant children and youth by offering comprehensive community services. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION OF SUBGRANTS .—The dura-
tion of a subgrant made by a State edu-cational agency under section 3114(d)(1) shall be determined by the agency in its discre-tion. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION OF METHOD OF INSTRUC -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a subgrant 
from a State educational agency under this subpart, an eligible entity shall select one or 
more methods or forms of effective instruc-tion to be used in the programs and activi-ties undertaken by the entity to assist English learners to attain English language 
proficiency and meet challenging State aca-demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—Such selection shall be 
consistent with sections 3124 through 3126. 
‘‘(g) S UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Federal 
funds made available under this subpart shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would have been expended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds.’’; 
(6) in section 3116— (A) in subsection (b), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (6) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) describe the high-quality programs 
and activities proposed to be developed, im-plemented, and administered under the subgrant and how these activities will help English learners increase their English lan-guage proficiency and meet the challenging State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) describe how the eligible entity will 
ensure that elementary schools and sec-ondary schools receiving funds under this subpart assist English learners in meeting— 
‘‘(A) annual timelines and goals for 
progress established under 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(3) describe how the eligible entity will 
promote parent, family, and community en-gagement in the education of English learn-ers; 
‘‘(4) describe how language instruction edu-
cational programs carried out under the subgrant will ensure that English learners being served by the programs develop English proficiency and demonstrate such proficiency through academic content mas-tery; 
‘‘(5) contain assurances that— ‘‘(A) each local educational agency that is 
included in the eligible entity is complying with section 1112(d)(2) prior to, and through-out, each school year as of the date of appli-cation, and will continue to comply with such section throughout each school year for which the grant is received; 
‘‘(B) the eligible entity complies with any 
State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learners, consistent with sections 3125 and 3126; 
‘‘(C) the eligible entity has based its pro-
posed plan on high-quality research on teaching English learners; 
‘‘(D) the eligible entity consulted with 
teachers, researchers, school administrators, parents and family members, community members, public or private entities, and in-stitutions of higher education, in developing and implementing such plan; and 
‘‘(E) the eligible entity will, if applicable, 
coordinate activities and share relevant data under the plan with local Head Start and Early Head Start agencies, including mi-grant and seasonal Head Start agencies, and other early childhood education providers.’’; 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (7) by striking section 3121 and inserting 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5373 July 21, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 3121. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under subpart 1 shall provide such agency, at the conclusion of every second fis-cal year during which the subgrant is re-ceived, with a report, in a form prescribed by the agency, on the activities conducted and children served under such subpart that in-cludes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the programs and ac-
tivities conducted by the entity with funds received under subpart 1 during the 2 imme-diately preceding fiscal years; 
‘‘(2) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities who meet the annual State-determined goals for progress established under section 1111(c)(1)(K), including disaggregated, at a minimum, by— 
‘‘(A) long-term English learners; and ‘‘(B) English learners with a disability; ‘‘(3) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities at-taining English language proficiency based on State English language proficiency stand-ards established under section 1111(b)(1)(F) by the end of each school year, as deter-mined by the State’s English language pro-ficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(4) the number and percentage of English 
learners who exit the language instruction educational programs based on their attain-ment of English language proficiency; 
‘‘(5) the number and percentage of English 
learners meeting challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1) for each of the 4 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this part, in-cluding disaggregated, at a minimum, by— 
‘‘(A) long-term English learners; and ‘‘(B) English learners with a disability; ‘‘(6) the number and percentage of English 
learners who have not attained English lan-guage proficiency within 5 years of initial classification as an English learner; and 
‘‘(7) any other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—A report provided by an eli-
gible entity under subsection (a) shall be used by the entity and the State educational agency for improvement or programs and ac-tivities under this part. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SPECIALLY QUALI-
FIED AGENCIES .—Each specially qualified 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall provide the reports described in sub-section (a) to the Secretary subject to the same requirements as apply to eligible enti-ties providing such evaluations to State edu-cational agencies under such subsection.’’; 
(8) in section 3122, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘evaluations’’ and inserting 
‘‘reports’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 
3111(b)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3111(b)(2)(D)’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘major 
findings of scientifically based research car-ried out under this part’’ and inserting ‘‘find-ings of the evaluation related to English learners carried out under section 9601’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (8)— (I) by striking ‘‘of limited English pro-
ficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘of English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘into classrooms where in-
struction is not tailored for limited English proficient children’’; and 
(v) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘title’’ and 
inserting ‘‘part’’; 
(9) in section 3123, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘children of limited 
English proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(10) in section 3124, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting 
‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(11) in section 3128, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2), by striking ‘‘limited English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(12) by striking section 3131 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3131. NATIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall use funds made avail-
able under section 3111(c)(1)(C) to award grants on a competitive basis, for a period of not more than 5 years, to institutions of higher education or public or private entities with relevant experience and capacity (in consortia with State educational agencies or local educational agencies) to provide for professional development, capacity building, or evidence-based activities that will im-prove classroom instruction for English learners and assist educational personnel working with such children to meet high professional standards, including standards for certification and licensure as teachers who work in language instruction edu-cational programs or serve English learners. Grants awarded under this section may be used— 
‘‘(1) for preservice or inservice effective 
professional development programs that will assist local schools and may assist institu-tions of higher education to upgrade the qualifications and skills of educational per-sonnel who are not certified or licensed, es-pecially educational paraprofessionals, and for other activities to increase teacher and school leader effectiveness; 
‘‘(2) for the development of curricula or 
other instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants in-volved; 
‘‘(3) to support strategies that strengthen 
and increase parent, family, and community member engagement in the education of English learners; 
‘‘(4) to develop, share, and disseminate ef-
fective practices in the instruction of English learners and in increasing the stu-dent academic achievement of English learn-ers, such as through the use of technology- based programs; 
‘‘(5) in conjunction with other Federal 
need-based student financial assistance pro-grams, for financial assistance, and costs re-lated to tuition, fees, and books for enrolling in courses required to complete the degree involved, to meet certification or licensing requirements for teachers who work in lan-guage instruction educational programs or serve English learners; and 
‘‘(6) as appropriate, to support strategies 
that promote school readiness of English learners and their transition from early childhood education programs, such as Head Start or State-run preschool programs to el-ementary school programs.’’. SEC. 3004. OTHER PROVISIONS. 
Part B of title III, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(4), is amended— 
(1) in section 3201, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
(A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agen-
cies; or 
‘‘(B) one or more local educational agen-
cies, in collaboration with an institution of higher education, educational service agen-cy, community-based organization, or State educational agency. 
‘‘(4) E
NGLISH LEARNER WITH A DISABILITY .— 
The term ‘English learner with a disability’ means an English learner who is also a child with a disability, as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) 
through (8) as paragraphs (5) through (7), re-spectively; 
(D) in paragraph (7)(A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘a limited English proficient child’’ and inserting ‘‘an English learner’’; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) L
ONG-TERM ENGLISH LEARNER .—The 
term ‘long-term English learner’ means an English learner who has attended schools in the United States for not less than 5 years and who has not yet exited from English learner status by the culmination of the fifth year of services.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘, as de-
fined in section 3141,’’; and 
(2) in section 3202, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘English learners, including English learners with a disability (as defined in sec-tion 3141), that includes information on best practices on instructing and serving English learners’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) in section 3203, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
individuals’’ and inserting ‘‘English learn-ers’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’. 
SEC. 3005. AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Director of the Institute 
of Education Sciences and the Secretary of Education, in consultation with the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall conduct research on the accuracy of the American Community Survey language items for as-sessing population prevalence of English learner children and youth, including— 
(1) the strength of such survey’s associa-
tion with more comprehensive English lan-guage proficiency measures; 
(2) the effects on responses of situational, 
cultural, demographic, and socioeconomic factors; 
(3) placement of the item in the question-
naire; and 
(4) the ability of adult responders to make 
English language proficiency distinctions. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Director of the 
Bureau of the Census shall use the results of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5374 July 21, 2015 
the study described in subsection (a) to im-
prove the accuracy of the American Commu-nity Survey language items for assessing population prevalence of English learner stu-dents. 
TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY STUDENTS 
SEC. 4001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subpart 3 of part A as 
subpart 5 of part F of title IX, as redesig-nated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by sections 2001 and 9106(1); 
(2) by redesignating section 4141 as section 
9561; 
(3) by redesignating section 4155 as section 
9537 and moving that section so as to follow section 9536; 
(4) by redesignating part C as subpart 6 of 
part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 5 of part F of title IX, as redesig-nated by section 9106(1) and paragraph (1); 
(5) by redesignating sections 4301, 4302, 
4303, and 4304, as sections 9571, 9572, 9573, and 9574, respectively; and 
(6) by striking the title heading and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS’’. 
SEC. 4002. GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART A—GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES 
‘‘SEC. 4101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve 
students’ safety, health, well-being, and aca-demic achievement during and after the school day by— 
‘‘(1) increasing the capacity of local edu-
cational agencies, schools, and local commu-nities to improve conditions for learning through the creation of safe, healthy, sup-portive, and drug-free environments; 
‘‘(2) carrying out programs designed to im-
prove school safety and promote students’ physical and mental health and well-being; 
‘‘(3) preventing and reducing substance use 
and abuse, school violence, harassment, and bullying; and 
‘‘(4) strengthening parent and community 
engagement to ensure a healthy, safe, and supportive school environment. 
‘‘SEC. 4102. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term 
‘controlled substance’ means a drug or other substance identified under Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). 
‘‘(2) D
RUG.—The term ‘drug’ includes con-
trolled substances, the illegal use of alcohol or tobacco (including smokeless tobacco products and electronic cigarettes), and the harmful, abusive, or addictive use of sub-stances, including inhalants and anabolic steroids. 
‘‘(3) D
RUG AND VIOLENCE PREVENTION .—The 
term ‘drug and violence prevention’ means— 
‘‘(A) with respect to drugs, prevention, 
early intervention, rehabilitation referral, recovery support services, or education re-lated to the illegal use of drugs, such as rais-ing awareness about the evidence-based con-sequences of drug use; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to violence, the pro-
motion of school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harass-ment and abuse, and victimization associ-ated with prejudice and intolerance, on school premises, going to and from school, and at school-sponsored activities, through 
the creation and maintenance of a school en-vironment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERV -
ICES PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based men-
tal health services provider’ includes a State licensed or State certified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health professional qualified under State law to provide such mental health services to children and adolescents, including children in early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 4103. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the total 
amount appropriated under section 4108 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than 5 percent for national 
activities, which the Secretary may carry out directly or through grants, contracts, or agreements with public or private entities or individuals, or other Federal agencies, such as providing technical assistance to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this part or conducting a na-tional evaluation; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, to be distrib-uted among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; 
‘‘(3) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(4) such funds as may be necessary for the 
Project School Emergency Response to Vio-lence program (referred to as ‘Project SERV’), which is authorized to provide edu-cation-related services to local educational agencies and institutions of higher education in which the learning environment has been disrupted due to a violent or traumatic cri-sis, and which funds shall remain available for obligation until expended. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A LLOTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with sub-
paragraph (B), the Secretary shall allot among each of the States the total amount made available to carry out this part for any fiscal year and not reserved under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF STATE ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNTS .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Sec-
retary shall allot the amount made available under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year among the States in proportion to the num-ber of individuals, aged 5 to 17, who reside within the State and are from families with incomes below the poverty line for the most recent fiscal year for which satisfactory data are available, compared to the number of such individuals who reside in all such States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State re-
ceiving an allotment under paragraph (1) shall receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) P
UERTO RICO .—The amount allotted 
under subparagraph (A) to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
‘‘(4) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not re-
ceive an allotment under this part for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this sec-
tion. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this section shall reserve not less than 95 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year, for subgrants to local edu-cational agencies, which may include con-sortia of such agencies, under section 4104. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use not more than 1 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the adminis-trative costs of carrying out its responsibil-ities under this part. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) and not reserved under paragraph (1) for ac-tivities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this part, which— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity building to local edu-cational agencies that are recipients of a subgrant under section 4104, which may in-clude identifying and disseminating best practices for professional development and capacity building for teachers, administra-tors, and specialized instructional support personnel in schools that are served by local educational agencies under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) publicly reporting on how funds made 
available under this part are being expended by local educational agencies under section 4104; and 
‘‘(B) may include— ‘‘(i) identifying and eliminating State bar-
riers to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this part, so that local educational agencies can better coordi-nate with other agencies, schools and com-munity-based services and programs; 
‘‘(ii) assisting local educational agencies to 
expand access to or coordination of resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs, such as through school- based mental health services partnership programs described in section 4105(a)(4)(C); 
‘‘(iii) supporting programs and activities 
that offer a variety of well-rounded edu-cational experiences to students; 
‘‘(iv) supporting activities that promote 
physical and mental health and well-being for students and staff; 
‘‘(v) designing and implementing a grant 
process for local entities that wish to use funds to reduce exclusionary discipline prac-tices in elementary schools and secondary schools, in a manner consistent with State or federally identified best practices on the subject; 
‘‘(vi) assisting in the creation of a con-
tinuum of evidence-based or promising prac-tices in the reduction of juvenile delin-quency; 
‘‘(vii) promoting gender equity in edu-
cation by supporting local educational agen-
cies in meeting the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.); 
‘‘(viii) providing local educational agencies 
with evidence-based resources— 
‘‘(I) addressing— ‘‘(aa) student athletic safety, such as de-
veloping a plan for concussion safety and re-covery practices (which may include policies that prohibit student athletes suspected of having a concussion from returning to play the same day); 
‘‘(bb) cardiac conditions such as cardio-
myopathy; and 
‘‘(cc) exposure to excessive heat and hu-
midity; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5375 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(II) relating to the development of rec-
ommended guidelines for an emergency ac-tion plan for youth athletics; 
‘‘(ix) designing and implementing evi-
dence-based mental health awareness train-ing programs for the purposes of— 
‘‘(I) recognizing the signs and symptoms of 
mental illness; 
‘‘(II) providing education to school per-
sonnel regarding resources available in the community for students with mental ill-nesses and other relevant resources relating to mental health; or 
‘‘(III) providing education to school per-
sonal regarding the safe de-escalation of cri-sis situations involving a student with a mental illness; and 
‘‘(x) other activities identified by the State 
that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Sec-retary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted by a 
State under this section shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this part for State-level activities. 
‘‘(B) A description of program objectives 
and outcomes for activities under this part. 
‘‘(C) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will review existing re-sources and programs across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this part with such existing programs and resources. 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-tation of activities under this part and pro-vide technical assistance to local edu-cational agencies in carrying out such ac-tivities. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State receiving 
a grant under this part shall annually pre-pare and submit a report to the Secretary, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) how the State and local educational 
agencies used funds provided under this part; and 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the State and 
local educational agencies have made progress toward meeting the objectives and outcomes described in the plan submitted by the State under paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(e) P
ROJECT SERV.— 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—Funds 
available under subsection (a)(4) for extended services grants under the Project School Emergency Response to Violence program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Project SERV program’) may be used by a local edu-cational agency or institution of higher edu-cation receiving such grant to initiate or strengthen violence prevention activities, as part of the activities designed to restore the learning environment that was disrupted by the violent or traumatic crisis in response to which the grant was awarded, and as pro-vided in this subsection. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency or institution of higher education de-siring to use a portion of extended services grant funds under the Project SERV pro-gram to initiate or strengthen a violence prevention activity shall— 
‘‘(i) submit, in an application that meets 
all requirements of the Secretary for the Project SERV program, the information de-scribed in subparagraph (B); or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a local educational 
agency or institution of higher education that has already received an extended serv-ices grant under the Project SERV program, submit an addition to the original applica-tion that includes the information described 
in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The in-
formation required under this subparagraph is the following: 
‘‘(i) A demonstration that there is a con-
tinued disruption or a substantial risk of dis-ruption to the learning environment that would be addressed by such activity. 
‘‘(ii) An explanation of the proposed activ-
ity designed to restore and preserve the learning environment. 
‘‘(iii) A budget and budget narrative for 
the proposed activity. 
‘‘(3) A
WARD BASIS .—Any award of funds 
under the Project SERV program for vio-lence prevention activities under this sub-section shall be subject to the discretion of the Secretary and the availability of funds. 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITED USE .—No funds provided to 
a local educational agency or institution of higher education under the Project SERV program for violence prevention activities may be used for construction, renovation, or repair of a facility or for the permanent in-frastructure of the local educational agency or institution. 
‘‘SEC. 4104. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives an 
allotment under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4103(c)(1) for subgrants to local educational agencies, which may include consortia of such agencies, in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—From the funds reserved by a State 
under section 4103(c)(1), the State shall allo-cate to each local educational agency or con-sortium of such agencies in the State an amount that bears the same relationship to such funds as the number of individuals aged 5 to 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of such individuals in the geographic areas served by all the local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the 
amount received under paragraph (2), a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may use not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of car-rying out its responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency or consortium of such agencies shall conduct a needs assessment described in paragraph (3), and develop its application, through consultation with parents, teachers, principals, school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, early child-hood educators, students, community-based organizations, local government representa-tives (which may include a local law enforce-ment agency, local juvenile court, local child welfare agency, or local public housing agen-cy), Indian tribes or tribal organizations (if applicable) that may be located in the region served by the local educational agency, and others with relevant and demonstrated ex-pertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this part. ‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—On an on-
going basis, the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall consult with the individuals and organizations de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in order to seek advice regarding how best— 
‘‘(i) to improve the local activities in order 
to meet the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(ii) to coordinate such activities under 
this part with other related strategies, pro-grams, and activities being conducted in the community. 
‘‘(3) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency or consortium of such agen-
cies shall conduct a comprehensive needs as-sessment of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served and of all schools within the jurisdiction of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the 
needs assessment required under subpara-graph (A), the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall— 
‘‘(i) take into account applicable and avail-
able school-level data on indicators or meas-ures of school quality, climate and safety, and discipline, including those described in section 1111(d)(1)(C)(v); and 
‘‘(ii) take into account risk factors in the 
community, school, family, or peer-indi-vidual domains that— 
‘‘(I) are known through prospective, longi-
tudinal research efforts to be predictive of drug use, violent behavior, harassment, dis-ciplinary issues, and to have an effect on the physical and mental health and well-being of youth in the school and community; and 
‘‘(II) may include using available State and 
local data on incidence, prevalence, and per-ception of such risk factors. 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be based on the needs assessment described in para-graph (3) and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The results of the needs assessment 
described in paragraph (3) and an identifica-tion of each school that will be served by a subgrant under this section. 
‘‘(B) A description of the activities that 
the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will carry out under this part and how these activities are aligned with the results of the needs assessment con-ducted under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(C) A description of the performance indi-
cators that the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will use to evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(D) a description of the programs or ac-
tivities that the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will carry out under this part to assist schools in facili-tating safe relationship behavior between and among students, as determined nec-essary by the local educational agency to meet the purposes of this part and which may include— 
‘‘(i) providing age-appropriate education 
and training, and 
‘‘(ii) improving instructional practices on 
developing effective communication skills, and on how to recognize and prevent coer-cion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that such activities will 
comply with the principles of effectiveness described in section 4105(b), and foster a healthy, safe, and supportive school environ-ment that improves students’ safety, health, and well-being during and after the school day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5376 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies will prioritize the distribution of funds to schools served by the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies that— 
‘‘(i) are among the schools with the great-
est needs as identified through the needs as-sessment conducted under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(ii) have the highest percentages or num-
bers of children counted under section 1124(c); 
‘‘(iii) are identified under section 
1114(a)(1)(A); or 
‘‘(iv) are identified as a persistently dan-
gerous public elementary school or sec-ondary school under section 9532. 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies will comply with section 9501 (regarding equitable participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘SEC. 4105. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AU-
THORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ACTIVI -
TIES.—A local educational agency or consor-
tium of such agencies that receives a subgrant under section 4104 shall use the subgrant funds to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive programs and ac-tivities, which are coordinated with other schools and community-based services and programs and may be conducted in partner-ship with nonprofit organizations with a demonstrated record of success in imple-menting activities, that are in accordance with the purpose of this part and— 
‘‘(1) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) are consistent with the principles of 
effectiveness described in subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) promote the involvement of parents in 
the activity or program, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(4) may include, among other programs 
and activities— 
‘‘(A) drug and violence prevention activi-
ties and programs (including programs to educate students against the use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smokeless tobacco prod-ucts, and electronic cigarettes), including professional development and training for school and specialized instructional support personnel and interested community mem-bers in prevention, education, early identi-fication, and intervention mentoring, recov-ery support services, and, where appropriate, rehabilitation referral, as related to drug and violence prevention; 
‘‘(B) programs that support extended learn-
ing opportunities, including before- and after-school programs and activities, pro-grams during summer recess periods, and ex-panded learning time; 
‘‘(C) in accordance with subsections (c) and 
(d), school-based mental health services, in-cluding early identification of mental-health symptoms, drug use and violence, and appro-priate referrals to direct individual or group counseling services provided by qualified school or community-based mental health services providers; 
‘‘(D) in accordance with subsections (c) and 
(d), school-based mental health services partnership programs that— 
‘‘(i) are conducted in partnership with a 
public or private mental-health entity or health care entity, which may also include a child welfare agency, family-based mental health entity, trauma network, or other community-based entity; and 
‘‘(ii) provide comprehensive school-based 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community personnel working in the school that are based on trauma-informed and evidence practices, are coordinated (where appro-priate) with early intervening services car-ried out under the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, are provided by quali-
fied mental and behavioral health profes-sionals who are certified or licensed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise, and may include— 
‘‘(I) the early identification of social, emo-
tional, or behavioral problems, or substance use disorders, and the provision of early in-tervening services; 
‘‘(II) notwithstanding section 4107, the 
treatment or referral for treatment of stu-dents with social, emotional, or behavioral health problems, or substance use disorders; 
‘‘(III) the development and implementation 
of programs to assist children in dealing with trauma and violence; and 
‘‘(IV) the development of mechanisms, 
based on best practices, for children to re-port incidents of violence or plans by other children or adults to commit violence; 
‘‘(E) emergency planning and intervention 
services following traumatic crisis events; 
‘‘(F) programs that train school personnel 
to identify warning signs of youth drug abuse and suicide; 
‘‘(G) mentoring programs and activities for 
children who— 
‘‘(i) are at risk of academic failure, drop-
ping out of school, or involvement in crimi-nal or delinquent activities, drug use and abuse; or 
‘‘(ii) lack strong positive role models; ‘‘(H) early childhood, elementary school, 
and secondary school counseling programs, including college and career guidance pro-grams, such as— 
‘‘(i) postsecondary education and career 
awareness and exploration activities; 
‘‘(ii) efforts to enhance the use of informa-
tion about local workforce needs in postsec-ondary education and career guidance pro-grams, which may include training coun-selors to effectively utilize labor market in-formation in assisting students with postsec-ondary education and career planning; 
‘‘(iii) the development of personalized 
learning plans for students; and 
‘‘(iv) financial literacy and Federal finan-
cial aid awareness activities; 
‘‘(I) programs or activities that support a 
healthy, active lifestyle, including nutri-tional education and regular, structured physical education programs for early child-hood, elementary school, and secondary school students; 
‘‘(J) implementation of schoolwide positive 
behavioral interventions and supports, in-cluding through coordination with similar activities carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, in order to improve academic outcomes for students and 
reduce the need for suspensions, expulsions, and other actions that remove students from instruction; 
‘‘(K) programs and activities that offer a 
variety of well-rounded educational experi-ence for students, such as those that— 
‘‘(i) use music and the arts as tools to pro-
mote constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict resolution; 
‘‘(ii) further students’ understanding and 
knowledge of computer science from elemen-tary school through secondary school; or 
‘‘(iii) promote volunteerism and commu-
nity service; 
‘‘(L) systems of high-capacity, integrated 
student supports; 
‘‘(M) strategies that establish learning en-
vironments to further students’ academic and nonacademic skills essential for school readiness and academic success, such as by providing integrated systems of student and family supports and building teacher, prin-cipal, and other school leader capacity; 
‘‘(N) bullying and harassment prevention 
programs or activities, including profes-sional development and training for school and specialized instructional support per-sonnel in the prevention, early identifica-
tion, and early intervention, as related to bullying and harassment; 
‘‘(O) programs or activities designed to in-
crease school safety and improve school cli-mate, which may include training for school personnel related to conflict prevention and resolution practices and raising awareness of issues such as— 
‘‘(i) suicide prevention; ‘‘(ii) effective and trauma-informed prac-
tices in classroom management; 
‘‘(iii) crisis management techniques; ‘‘(iv) conflict resolution practices; ‘‘(v) human trafficking (defined, for pur-
poses of this subparagraph, as an act or prac-tice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of sec-tion 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); and 
‘‘(vi) school-based violence prevention 
strategies; 
‘‘(P) programs or activities that integrate 
health and safety practices into school or athletic programs, such as developing a plan for concussion safety and recovery or cardiac safety or implementing an excessive heat ac-tion plan to be used during school-sponsored athletic activities; 
‘‘(Q) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal Government; 
‘‘(R) programs or activities to connect 
youth who are involved in, or are at risk of involvement in, juvenile delinquency or street gang activity to evidence-based and promising prevention and intervention prac-tices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity; 
‘‘(S) child sexual abuse awareness and pre-
vention programs or activities, such as pro-grams or activities designed to provide— 
‘‘(i) age-appropriate and developmentally- 
appropriate instruction for early childhood education program, elementary school, and secondary school students in child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to safely report child sexual abuse; and 
‘‘(ii) information to parents and guardians 
of early childhood education program, ele-mentary school, and secondary school stu-dents about child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sexual abuse with a child; 
‘‘(T) the development and implementation 
of a school asthma management plan; 
‘‘(U) assisting schools in educating chil-
dren facing substance abuse in the home, 
which may include providing professional de-velopment, training, and technical assist-ance to elementary schools and secondary schools that serve communities with high rates of substance abuse; 
‘‘(V) instructional and support activities 
and programs, such as activities and pro-grams addressing chronic disease manage-ment, led by school nurses, nurse practi-tioners, social workers, and other appro-priate specialists or professionals to help maintain the well-being of students; 
‘‘(W) programs and activities that facili-
tate safe relationship behavior between and among students; 
‘‘(X) designating a site resource coordi-
nator at a school or local educational agency to provide a variety of services, such as— 
‘‘(i) establishing partnerships within the 
community to provide resources and support for schools; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring all service and community 
partners are aligned with the academic ex-pectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
‘‘(iii) strengthening relationships between 
schools and communities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.038 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5377 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(Y) other activities and programs identi-
fied as necessary by the local educational agency through the needs assessment con-ducted under section 4104(b)(3) that will in-crease student achievement and otherwise meet the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity developed or carried out under this part to meet principles of effectiveness, such pro-gram or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based upon an assessment of objec-
tive data regarding the need for programs and activities in the early childhood, ele-mentary school, secondary school, or com-munity to be served to— 
‘‘(i) improve school safety and promote 
students’ physical and mental health and well-being, healthy eating and nutrition, and physical fitness; and 
‘‘(ii) strengthen parent and community en-
gagement to ensure a healthy, safe, and sup-portive school environment; 
‘‘(B) be based upon established State re-
quirements and evidence-based criteria aimed at ensuring a healthy, safe, and sup-portive school environment for students in the early childhood, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or community that will be served by the program; and 
‘‘(C) include meaningful and ongoing con-
sultation with and input from teachers, prin-
cipals, school leaders, and parents in the de-velopment of the application and adminis-tration of the program or activity. 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic independent, third- party evaluation to assess the extent to which the program or activity has helped the local educational agency or school provide students with a healthy, safe, and supportive school environment that promotes school safety and students’ physical and mental health and well-being. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies shall ensure that the results of the peri-odic evaluations described under subpara-graph (A) are— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine locally determined criteria described under para-graph (1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public and the 
State. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control, the principles of effectiveness de-veloped or utilized by a local educational agency under this subsection. 
‘‘(c) P
ARENTAL CONSENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under this part shall obtain prior written, informed consent from the parent of each child who is under 18 years of age to participate in any mental- health assessment service or treatment that is funded under this part and conducted in connection with an elementary school or sec-ondary school under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the written, informed consent de-scribed in such paragraph shall not be re-quired in— 
‘‘(A) an emergency, where it is necessary 
to protect the immediate health and safety of the student, other students, or school per-sonnel; or 
‘‘(B) other instances where parental con-
sent cannot be reasonably obtained, as de-fined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVACY .—Each local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under this part shall ensure that student mental health records are accorded the privacy protections provided under section 444 of the General 
Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘SEC. 4106. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, non-Federal funds that would other-wise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 4107. PROHIBITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS .—No funds 
under this part may be used for— 
‘‘(1) construction; or ‘‘(2) medical services or drug treatment or 
rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports or referral to treatment for im-pacted students, which may include students who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON MANDATORY MEDICA -
TION.—No child shall be required to obtain a 
prescription for a substance covered by the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) as a condition of receiving an evalua-tion, services, or attending a school receiv-ing assistance under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 4108. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4003. 21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING 
CENTERS. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Part B of title 
IV (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
‘‘SEC. 4201. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is 
to provide opportunities for communities to establish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
‘‘(1) provide opportunities for academic en-
richment, including providing tutorial serv-ices to help students, particularly students who attend low-performing schools, to meet challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) offer students a broad array of addi-
tional services, programs, and activities, such as youth development activities, serv-ice learning, nutrition and health education, drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, art, music, physical fitness and wellness programs, technology education programs, financial literacy pro-grams, environmental literacy programs, mathematics, science, career and technical programs, internship or apprenticeship pro-grams, and other ties to an in-demand indus-try sector or occupation for high school stu-dents that are designed to reinforce and com-plement the regular academic program of participating students; and 
‘‘(3) offer families of students served by 
community learning centers opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including oppor-tunities for literacy and related educational development. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTER .—The 
term ‘community learning center’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) assists students to meet challenging 
State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1) by providing the students with academic enrichment activities and a broad array of other activities (such as programs and activities described in subsection (a)(2)) during nonschool hours or periods when school is not in session (such as before and after school or during summer recess) that— ‘‘(i) reinforce and complement the regular 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
‘‘(ii) are targeted to the students’ academic 
needs and aligned with the instruction stu-dents receive during the school day; and 
‘‘(B) offers families of students served by 
such center opportunities for literacy, and related educational development and oppor-tunities for active and meaningful engage-ment in their children’s education. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means a program for which — 
‘‘(A) the Secretary made a grant under 
part B of title IV (as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015); and 
‘‘(B) the grant period had not ended on 
that date of enactment. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency, community-based organization, Indian tribe or tribal organization (as such terms are de-fined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), another public or private entity, or a consor-tium of 2 or more such agencies, organiza-tions, or entities. 
‘‘(4) E
XTERNAL ORGANIZATION .—The term 
‘external organization’ means— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization with a record 
of success in running or working with after school programs; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a community where 
there is no such organization, a nonprofit or-ganization in the community that enters into a formal agreement or partnership with an organization described in subparagraph (A) to receive mentoring and guidance. 
‘‘(5) R
IGOROUS PEER -REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘rigorous peer-review process’ means a process by which— 
‘‘(A) employees of a State educational 
agency who are familiar with the 21st cen-tury community learning center program under this part review all applications that the State receives for awards under this part for completeness and applicant eligibility; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency selects 
peer reviewers for such applications, who shall— 
‘‘(i) be selected for their expertise in pro-
viding effective academic, enrichment, youth development, and related services to chil-dren; and 
‘‘(ii) not include any applicant, or rep-
resentative of an applicant, that has sub-mitted an application under this part for the current application period; and 
‘‘(C) the peer reviewers described in sub-
paragraph (B) review and rate the applica-tions to determine the extent to which the applications meet the requirements under sections 4204(b) and 4205. 
‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 4202. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) such amounts as may be necessary to 
make continuation awards to grant recipi-ents under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
‘‘(2) not more than 1 percent for national 
activities, which the Secretary may carry out directly or through grants and contracts, such as providing technical assistance to eli-gible entities carrying out programs under this part or conducting a national evalua-tion; and 
‘‘(3) not more than 1 percent for payments 
to the outlying areas and the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5378 July 21, 2015 
under this part, as determined by the Sec-
retary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds ap-
propriated under section 4206 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes reservations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under subpart 2 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allot-ment to the remaining States in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 93 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year for awards to eligible enti-ties under section 4204. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 2 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for— 
‘‘(A) the administrative costs of carrying 
out its responsibilities under this part; 
‘‘(B) establishing and implementing a rig-
orous peer-review process for subgrant appli-cations described in section 4204(b) (includ-ing consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for admin-istering youth development programs and adult learning activities); and 
‘‘(C) awarding of funds to eligible entities 
(in consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 5 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring and evaluation of pro-
grams and activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(B) Providing capacity building, training, 
and technical assistance under this part. 
‘‘(C) Comprehensive evaluation (directly, 
or through a grant or contract) of the effec-tiveness of programs and activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(D) Providing training and technical as-
sistance to eligible entities that are appli-cants for or recipients of awards under this part. 
‘‘(E) Ensuring that any eligible entity that 
receives an award under this part from the State aligns the activities provided by the program with State academic standards. 
‘‘(F) Ensuring that any such eligible entity 
identifies and partners with external organi-zations, if available, in the community. 
‘‘(G) Working with teachers, principals, 
parents, the local workforce, the local com-munity, and other stakeholders to review and improve State policies and practices to support the implementation of effective pro-grams under this part. 
‘‘(H) Coordinating funds received under 
this part with other Federal and State funds to implement high-quality programs. 
‘‘(I) Providing a list of prescreened exter-
nal organizations, as described in section 4203(a)(11). ‘‘SEC. 4203. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 4202 for any fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may require, an application that— 
‘‘(1) designates the State educational agen-
cy as the agency responsible for the adminis-tration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
‘‘(2) describes how the State educational 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for State-level activities; 
‘‘(3) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards under this part to 
eligible entities that serve students who pri-marily attend schools that have been identi-fied under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and other schools determined by the local educational agency to be in need of intervention and sup-port and the families of such students; and 
‘‘(B) will further give priority to eligible 
entities that propose in the application to serve students described in subclauses (I) and (II) of section 4204(i)(1)(A)(i); 
‘‘(4) describes the procedures and criteria 
the State educational agency will use for re-viewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consideration the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet State and local content and student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(5) describes how the State educational 
agency will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
‘‘(A) of sufficient size and scope to support 
high-quality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(B) in amounts that are consistent with 
section 4204(h); 
‘‘(6) describes the steps the State edu-
cational agency will take to ensure that pro-grams implement effective strategies, in-cluding providing ongoing technical assist-ance and training, evaluation, dissemination of promising practices, and coordination of professional development for staff in specific content areas as well as youth development; 
‘‘(7) describes how programs under this 
part will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appro-priate; 
‘‘(8) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards for programs for a 
period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) will require each eligible entity seek-
ing such an award to submit a plan describ-ing how the activities to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends; 
‘‘(9) contains an assurance that funds ap-
propriated to carry out this part will be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Fed-eral, State, and local public funds expended to provide programs and activities author-ized under this part and other similar pro-grams; 
‘‘(10) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency will require eligible enti-ties to describe in their applications under section 4204(b) how the transportation needs of participating students will be addressed; 
‘‘(11) describes how the State will 
prescreen external organizations that could provide assistance in carrying out the activi-ties under this part, and develop and make available to eligible entities a list of exter-nal organizations that successfully com-pleted the prescreening process; 
‘‘(12) provides— ‘‘(A) an assurance that the application was 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before- and after-school (or summer school) programs, the heads of the State health and mental health agencies or their designees, statewide after-school networks (where applicable) and representatives of teachers, local edu-cational agencies, and community-based or-ganizations; and 
‘‘(B) a description of any other representa-
tives of teachers, parents, students, or the business community that the State has se-lected to assist in the development of the ap-plication, if applicable; 
‘‘(13) describes the results of the State’s 
needs and resources assessment for before- and after-school activities, which shall be based on the results of on-going State eval-uation activities; 
‘‘(14) describes how the State educational 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of pro-grams and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a description of the performance indi-
cators and performance measures that will be used to evaluate programs and activities with emphasis on alignment with the regular academic program of the school and the aca-demic needs of participating students, in-cluding performance indicators and meas-ures that— 
‘‘(i) are able to track student success and 
improvement over time; 
‘‘(ii) include State assessment results and 
other indicators of student success and im-provement, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program at-tendance, and on-time advancement to the next grade level; and 
‘‘(iii) for high school students, may include 
indicators such as career competencies, suc-cessful completion of internships or appren-ticeships, or work-based learning opportuni-ties; 
‘‘(B) a description of how data collected for 
the purposes of subparagraph (A) will be col-lected; and 
‘‘(C) public dissemination of the evalua-
tions of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(15) provides for timely public notice of 
intent to file an application and an assur-ance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Sec-retary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceived the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall 
not finally disapprove the application, ex-cept after giving the State educational agen-cy notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in 
whole or in part, with this part, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such notification— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the ap-
plication that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in subsection (d)(2) during the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5379 July 21, 2015 
45-day period beginning on the date on which 
the agency received the notification, and re-submits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) F
AILURE TORESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency does not respond to the Secretary’s notification described in sub-section (d)(2) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the agency re-ceived the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
impose a priority or preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the reg-ular school day. 
‘‘SEC. 4204. LOCAL COMPETITIVE SUBGRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTERS .—A 
State that receives funds under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4202(c)(1) to award subgrants to eligible entities for community learning centers in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XPANDED LEARNING PROGRAM ACTIVI -
TIES.—A State that receives funds under this 
part for a fiscal year may also use funds under section 4202(c)(1) to support those en-richment and engaging academic activities described in section 4205(a) that— 
‘‘(A) are included as part of an expanded 
learning program that provide students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
‘‘(B) supplement but do not supplant 
school day requirements; and 
‘‘(C) are awarded to entities that meet the 
requirements of subsection (i). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities to be 
funded, including— 
‘‘(i) an assurance that the program will 
take place in a safe and easily accessible fa-cility; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how students partici-
pating in the program carried out by the community learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applica-ble; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty will disseminate information about the community learning center (including its lo-cation) to the community in a manner that is understandable and accessible; 
‘‘(B) a description of how such activities 
are expected to improve student academic achievement as well as overall student suc-cess; 
‘‘(C) a demonstration of how the proposed 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
‘‘(D) an assurance that the proposed pro-
gram was developed and will be carried out— 
‘‘(i) in active collaboration with the 
schools the students attend (including through the sharing of relevant student data among the schools), all participants in the eligible entity, and any partnership entities described in subparagraph (H), while com-plying with applicable laws relating to pri-
vacy and confidentiality; and 
‘‘(ii) in alignment with State and local 
content and student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the activities will 
meet the measures of effectiveness described in section 4205(b); 
‘‘(F) an assurance that the program will 
target students who primarily attend schools eligible for schoolwide programs under sec-tion 1113(b) and the families of such stu-dents; 
‘‘(G) an assurance that subgrant funds 
under this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for pro-grams and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(H) a description of the partnership be-
tween a local educational agency, a commu-nity-based organization, and another public entity or private entity, if appropriate; 
‘‘(I) an evaluation of the community needs 
and available resources for the community learning center and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the 
center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
‘‘(J) a demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty will use best practices, including research or evidence-based practices, to provide edu-cational and related activities that will com-plement and enhance academic performance, achievement, postsecondary and workforce preparation, and positive youth development of the students; 
‘‘(K) a description of a preliminary plan for 
how the community learning center will con-tinue after funding under this part ends; 
‘‘(L) an assurance that the community will 
be given notice of an intent to submit an ap-plication and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public re-view after submission of the application; 
‘‘(M) if the eligible entity plans to use vol-
unteers in activities carried out through the community learning center, a description of how the eligible entity will encourage and use appropriately qualified persons to serve as the volunteers; and 
‘‘(N) such other information and assur-
ances as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an ele-mentary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(d) P
ERMISSIVE LOCAL MATCH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency may require an eligible entity to match subgrant funds awarded under this part, except that such match may not exceed the amount of the subgrant and may not be derived from other Federal or State funds. 
‘‘(2) S
LIDING SCALE .—The amount of a 
match under paragraph (1) shall be estab-lished based on a sliding scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(A) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the eligible entity; and 
‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to ob-
tain such matching funds. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each State 
educational agency that requires an eligible entity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to 
match funds when determining which eligi-ble entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
‘‘(e) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing local ap-
plications under this part, a State edu-cational agency shall use a rigorous peer-re-view process or other methods of ensuring the quality of such applications. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—To the extent 
practicable, a State educational agency shall distribute subgrant funds under this part eq-uitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural commu-nities. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—Subgrants 
under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) A
MOUNT OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
‘‘(i) P
RIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In awarding subgrants 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(A) proposing to target services to— ‘‘(i) students who primarily attend schools 
that— 
‘‘(I) have been identified under section 
1114(a) and other schools determined by the local educational agency to be in need of intervention and support to improve student academic achievement and other outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, in-volvement in criminal or delinquent activi-ties, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
‘‘(ii) the families of students described in 
clause (i); 
‘‘(B) submitted jointly by eligible entities 
consisting of not less than 1— 
‘‘(i) local educational agency receiving 
funds under part A of title I; and 
‘‘(ii) another eligible entity; and ‘‘(C) demonstrating that the activities pro-
posed in the application— 
‘‘(i) are, as of the date of the submission of 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
‘‘(ii) would expand accessibility to high- 
quality services that may be available in the community. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency shall provide the same priority under paragraph (1) to an application submitted by a local educational agency if the local edu-cational agency demonstrates that it is un-able to partner with a community-based or-ganization in reasonable geographic prox-imity and of sufficient quality to meet the requirements of this part. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A State educational 
agency may not impose a priority or pref-erence for eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to ex-tend the regular school day. 
‘‘(j) R
ENEWABILITY OF AWARDS .—A State 
educational agency may renew a subgrant provided under this part to an eligible enti-ty, based on the eligible entity’s perform-ance during the original subgrant period. 
‘‘SEC. 4205. LOCAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance stu-dent academic achievement and support stu-dent success, including— 
‘‘(1) academic enrichment learning pro-
grams, mentoring programs, remedial edu-cation activities, and tutoring services, that are aligned with— 
‘‘(A) State and local content and student 
academic achievement standards; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5380 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) local curricula that are designed to 
improve student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) core academic subject education ac-
tivities, including such activities that enable students to be eligible for credit recovery or attainment; 
‘‘(3) literacy education programs, including 
financial literacy programs and environ-mental literacy programs; 
‘‘(4) programs that support a healthy, ac-
tive lifestyle, including nutritional edu-cation and regular, structured physical ac-tivity programs; 
‘‘(5) services for individuals with disabil-
ities; 
‘‘(6) programs that provide after-school ac-
tivities for students who are English learners that emphasize language skills and academic achievement; 
‘‘(7) cultural programs; ‘‘(8) telecommunications and technology 
education programs; 
‘‘(9) expanded library service hours; ‘‘(10) parenting skills programs that pro-
mote parental involvement and family lit-eracy; 
‘‘(11) programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled to allow the students to improve their academic achievement; 
‘‘(12) drug and violence prevention pro-
grams and counseling programs; 
‘‘(13) programs that build skills in science, 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’) and that foster innovation in learning by sup-porting nontraditional STEM education teaching methods; and 
‘‘(14) programs that partner with in-de-
mand fields of the local workforce or build career competencies and career readiness and ensure that local workforce and career readiness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act. 
‘‘(b) M
EASURES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity developed pursuant to this part to meet the measures of effectiveness, monitored by the State educational agency as described in section 4203(a)(14), such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based upon an assessment of objec-
tive data regarding the need for before- and after-school programs (including during summer recess periods) and activities in the schools and communities; 
‘‘(B) be based upon an established set of 
performance measures aimed at ensuring the availability of high-quality academic enrich-ment opportunities; 
‘‘(C) if appropriate, be based upon evi-
dence-based research that the program or ac-tivity will help students meet the State and local student academic achievement stand-ards; 
‘‘(D) ensure that measures of student suc-
cess align with the regular academic pro-gram of the school and the academic needs of participating students and include perform-ance indicators and measures described in section 4203(a)(14)(A); and 
‘‘(E) collect the data necessary for the 
measures of student success described in sub-paragraph (D). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic evaluation in con-junction with the State educational agency’s overall evaluation plan as described in sec-tion 4203(a)(14), to assess the program’s progress toward achieving the goal of pro-viding high-quality opportunities for aca-demic enrichment and overall student suc-cess. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of eval-
uations under subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the performance measures; 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
‘‘(iii) used by the State to determine 
whether a subgrant is eligible to be renewed under section 4204(j). 
‘‘SEC. 4206. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
(b) T
RANSITION .—The recipient of a 
multiyear grant award under part B of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.), as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such award. 
SEC. 4004. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by section 4001, is further amended by insert-ing after part B the following: 
‘‘PART C—ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND 
SECONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4301. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award grants to eligible entities to enable such agencies to establish or expand elementary school and secondary school counseling programs that comply with the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) give special consideration to applica-
tions describing programs that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate the greatest need for new 
or additional counseling services among chil-dren in the schools served by the eligible en-tity, in part by providing information on current ratios, as of the date of application for a grant under this section, of students to school counselors, students to school social workers, and students to school psycholo-gists; 
‘‘(ii) propose promising and innovative ap-
proaches for initiating or expanding school counseling; and 
‘‘(iii) show strong potential for replication 
and dissemination; and 
‘‘(B) give priority to— ‘‘(i) schools that serve students in rural 
and remote areas; 
‘‘(ii) schools in need of intervention and 
support and schools that are the persistently lowest-achieving schools; or 
‘‘(iii) schools with a high percentage of stu-
dents aged 5 through 17 who— 
‘‘(I) are in poverty, as counted in the most 
recent census data approved by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(II) are eligible for a free or reduced price 
lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(III) are in families receiving assistance 
under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act; or 
‘‘(IV) are eligible to receive medical assist-
ance under the Medicaid program. 
‘‘(3) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic dis-tribution among the regions of the United States and among eligible entities located in urban, rural, and suburban areas. ‘‘(4) D
URATION .—A grant under this section 
shall be awarded for a period not to exceed 3 years. 
‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM GRANT .—A grant awarded 
under this section shall not exceed $400,000 for any fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application for a 
grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the school population to be 
targeted by the program, the particular counseling needs of such population, and the current school counseling resources avail-able for meeting such needs; 
‘‘(B) include the information described in 
subparagraphs (B) through (D) of section 4104(b)(4), with respect to the grant under this part; 
‘‘(C) document that the eligible entity has 
personnel qualified to develop, implement, and administer the program; and 
‘‘(D) document how the eligible entity will 
engage in meaningful consultation with par-ents and families in the development of such program. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this part shall use grant funds to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive, evidence-based, school counseling programs through activi-
ties that incorporate evidence-based prac-tices, such as— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of a comprehen-
sive school counseling program to meet the counseling and educational needs of all stu-dents; 
‘‘(2) increasing the range, availability, 
quantity, and quality of counseling services, provided by qualified school counselors, school psychologists, school social workers, and other qualified school-based mental health services providers, in the elementary schools and secondary schools of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(3) the implementation of innovative ap-
proaches to increase children’s under-standing of peer and family relationships, peer and family interaction, work and self, decisionmaking, or academic and career planning; 
‘‘(4) the implementation of academic, post-
secondary education and career planning programs; 
‘‘(5) the initiation of partnerships with 
community groups, social service agencies, or other public or private non-profit entities in collaborative efforts to enhance the pro-gram and promote school-linked integration of services, as long as the eligible entity doc-uments how such partnership supplements, not supplants, existing school-employed school-based mental health services pro-viders and services, in accordance with sub-section (f); 
‘‘(6) the implementation of a team ap-
proach to school counseling in the schools served by the eligible entity by working to-ward ratios of school counselors, school so-cial workers, and school psychologists to students recommended to enable such per-sonnel to effectively address the needs of students; and 
‘‘(7) any other activity determined nec-
essary by the eligible entity that meets the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—Not more than 4 percent of the 
amounts made available under this section for any fiscal year may be used for adminis-trative costs to carry out this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5381 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(e) R EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
assistance is made available to eligible enti-ties under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make publicly available a report— 
‘‘(1) evaluating the programs assisted pur-
suant to each grant under this section; and 
‘‘(2) outlining the information from eligi-
ble entities regarding the ratios of students to— 
‘‘(A) school counselors; ‘‘(B) school social workers; and ‘‘(C) school psychologists. 
‘‘(f) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, or local funds used for pro-viding school-based counseling and mental health services to students. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 local educational agency; or 
‘‘(C) a consortium of local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERV -
ICES PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based men-
tal health services provider’ has the meaning given the term in section 4102. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL COUNSELOR .—The term ‘school 
counselor’ means an individual who meets the criteria for licensure or certification as a school counselor in the State where the indi-vidual is employed. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL PSYCHOLOGIST .—The term 
‘school psychologist’ means an individual who is licensed or certified in school psy-chology by the State in which the individual is employed. 
‘‘(5) S
CHOOL SOCIAL WORKER .—The term 
‘school social worker’ means an individual who is licensed or certified as a school social worker for the State in which the individual is employed. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4005. PHYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001 and 4004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—PHYSICAL EDUCATION 
PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 4401. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to award 
grants and contracts to initiate, expand, and improve physical education programs for all students in kindergarten through grade 12. 
‘‘SEC. 4402. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From amounts made 
available to carry out this part, the Sec-retary is authorized to award grants or con-tracts to local educational agencies and community-based organizations to pay the Federal share of the costs of initiating, ex-panding, and improving physical education programs (including after-school programs) for students in kindergarten through grade 12, by— 
‘‘(1) providing materials and support to en-
able students to participate actively in phys-ical education activities; and 
‘‘(2) providing funds for staff and teacher 
training and education relating to physical education. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—A physical edu-
cation program that receives assistance under this part may provide for 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Fitness education and assessment to 
help students understand, improve, or main-tain their physical well-being. 
‘‘(2) Instruction in a variety of motor skills 
and physical activities designed to enhance the physical, mental, and social or emotional 
development of every student. 
‘‘(3) Development of, and instruction in, 
cognitive concepts about motor skill and physical fitness that support a lifelong healthy lifestyle. 
‘‘(4) Opportunities to develop positive so-
cial and cooperative skills through physical activity participation. 
‘‘(5) Instruction in healthy eating habits 
and good nutrition. 
‘‘(6) Opportunities for professional develop-
ment for teachers of physical education to stay abreast of the latest research, issues, and trends in the field of physical education. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of this 
part, extracurricular activities, such as team sports and Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program activities, shall not be considered as part of the curriculum of a physical edu-cation program assisted under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 4403. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSION .—Each local educational 
agency or community-based organization de-siring a grant or contract under this part shall submit to the Secretary an application that contains a plan to initiate, expand, or improve physical education programs in order to make progress toward meeting State standards for physical education. 
‘‘(b) P
RIVATE SCHOOL AND HOME-SCHOOLED  
STUDENTS .—An application for a grant or 
contract under this part may provide for the participation, in the activities funded under this part, of— 
‘‘(1) students enrolled in private nonprofit 
elementary schools or secondary schools, and their parents and teachers; or 
‘‘(2) home-schooled students, and their par-
ents and teachers. 
‘‘SEC. 4404. REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT TO THE SECRETARY .— 
In order to continue receiving funding after the first year of a multiyear grant or con-tract under this part, the administrator of the grant or contract for the local edu-cational agency or community-based organi-zation shall submit to the Secretary an an-nual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes the activities conducted dur-
ing the preceding year; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrates that progress has been 
made toward meeting State standards for physical education. 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more 
than 5 percent of the funds made available under this part to a local educational agency or community-based organization for any fis-cal year may be used for administrative ex-penses. 
‘‘SEC. 4405. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) F EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share 
under this part may not exceed— 
‘‘(1) 90 percent of the total cost of a pro-
gram for the first year for which the pro-gram receives assistance under this part; and 
‘‘(2) 75 percent of such cost for the second 
and each subsequent such year. 
‘‘(b) P
ROPORTIONALITY .—To the extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that grants awarded under this part are equitably distributed among local educational agen-cies, and community-based organizations, serving urban and rural areas. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
June 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to Congress that— 
‘‘(1) describes the programs assisted under 
this part; 
‘‘(2) documents the success of such pro-
grams in improving physical fitness; and 
‘‘(3) makes such recommendations as the 
Secretary determines appropriate for the continuation and improvement of the pro-grams assisted under this part. 
‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts 
made available to the Secretary to carry out this part shall remain available until ex-
pended. 
‘‘SEC. 4406. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available for physical education activi-ties. 
‘‘SEC. 4407. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4006. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION 
PROGRAMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001, 4004, and 4005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN 
EDUCATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4501. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) To provide financial support to organi-
zations to provide technical assistance and training to State and local educational agen-cies in the implementation and enhancement of systemic and effective family engagement policies, programs, and activities that lead to improvements in student development and academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) To assist State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, community-based organizations, schools, and educators in strengthening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the edu-cational needs of children and fostering greater parental engagement. 
‘‘(3) To support State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between par-ents and their children’s school in order to further the developmental progress of chil-dren. 
‘‘(4) To coordinate activities funded under 
this subpart with parent involvement initia-tives funded under section 1115 and other provisions of this Act. 
‘‘(5) To assist the Secretary, State edu-
cational agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and pro-grams to engage families in education. 
‘‘SEC. 4502. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) S TATEWIDE FAMILY ENGAGEMENT CEN-
TERS .—From the amount appropriated under 
section 4506, the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to state-wide organizations (or consortia of such or-ganizations), to establish Statewide Family Engagement Centers that provide com-prehensive training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local educational agencies, organizations that support family- school partnerships, and other organizations that carry out, or carry out directly, parent education and family engagement in edu-cation programs. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AWARD .—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is awarded for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
‘‘SEC. 4503. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSIONS .—Each statewide organi-
zation, or a consortium of such organiza-tions, that desires a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary 
at such time, in such manner, and including the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5382 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(1) A description of the applicant’s ap-
proach to family engagement in education. 
‘‘(2) A description of the support that the 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the State educational agency and any partner organization outlining the commit-ment to work with the center. 
‘‘(3) A description of the applicant’s plan 
for building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) management and governance; ‘‘(B) statewide leadership; or ‘‘(C) systemic services for family engage-
ment in education. 
‘‘(4) A description of the applicant’s dem-
onstrated experience in providing training, information, and support to State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, educators, parents, and organi-
zations on family engagement in education policies and practices that are effective for parents (including low-income parents) and families, English learners, minorities, par-ents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and stu-dents, and parents of migratory students, in-cluding evaluation results, reporting, or other data exhibiting such demonstrated ex-perience. 
‘‘(5) A description of the steps the appli-
cant will take to target services to low-in-come students and parents. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) establish a special advisory com-
mittee, the membership of which includes— 
‘‘(i) parents, who shall constitute a major-
ity of the members of the special advisory committee; 
‘‘(ii) representatives of education profes-
sionals with expertise in improving services for disadvantaged children; 
‘‘(iii) representatives of local elementary 
schools and secondary schools, including stu-dents; 
‘‘(iv) representatives of the business com-
munity; and 
‘‘(v) representatives of State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) use not less than 65 percent of the 
funds received under this part in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and community-based organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvan-taged students, including English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabil-ities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migra-tory students; 
‘‘(C) operate a Statewide Family Engage-
ment Center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the Center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and community-based organizations; 
‘‘(D) ensure that the Statewide Family En-
gagement Center will retain staff with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(E) serve urban, suburban, and rural local 
educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(F) work with— ‘‘(i) other Statewide Family Engagement 
Centers assisted under this subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) parent training and information cen-
ters and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(G) use not less than 30 percent of the 
funds received under this part for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assist-ance for evidence-based parent education programs; 
‘‘(H) provide assistance to State edu-
cational agencies and local educational agencies and community-based organizations that support family members in supporting 
student academic achievement; 
‘‘(I) work with State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, edu-cators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
‘‘(J) conduct sufficient outreach to assist 
parents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency; and 
‘‘(K) conduct outreach to low-income stu-
dents and parents, including low-income stu-dents and parents who are not proficient in English. 
‘‘SEC. 4504. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Grantees shall use grant 
funds received under this part, based on the needs determined under section 4503, to pro-vide training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and organizations that support family-school partnerships, and ac-tivities, services, and training for local edu-cational agencies, school leaders, educators, and parents— 
‘‘(1) to assist parents in participating effec-
tively in their children’s education and to help their children meet State standards, such as assisting parents— 
‘‘(A) to engage in activities that will im-
prove student academic achievement, includ-ing understanding how they can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in afterschool and extracurricular programs; 
‘‘(B) to communicate effectively with their 
children, teachers, school leaders, coun-selors, administrators, and other school per-sonnel; 
‘‘(C) to become active participants in the 
development, implementation, and review of school-parent compacts, family engagement in education policies, and school planning and improvement; 
‘‘(D) to participate in the design and provi-
sion of assistance to students who are not making academic progress; 
‘‘(E) to participate in State and local deci-
sionmaking; 
‘‘(F) to train other parents; and ‘‘(G) to help the parents learn and use 
technology applied in their children’s edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) to develop and implement, in partner-
ship with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and systemic initiatives that will pro-vide for a continuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school reform efforts; and 
‘‘(3) to develop and implement parental in-
volvement policies under this Act. 
‘‘(b) M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR GRANT RE-
NEWAL .—For each fiscal year after the first 
fiscal year for which an organization or con-sortium receives assistance under this sec-
tion, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the application that a por-tion of the services provided by the organiza-tion or consortium is supported through non- Federal contributions, which may be in cash or in-kind. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 4506 to carry out this part to provide technical assistance, by competitive grant or contract, for the establishment, development, and co-ordination of Statewide Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a Statewide Family Engagement Center from— 
‘‘(1) having its employees or agents meet 
with a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or ‘‘(2) working with another agency that 
serves children. 
‘‘(e) P
ARENTAL RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section— 
‘‘(1) no person (including a parent who edu-
cates a child at home, a public school parent, or a private school parent) shall be required to participate in any program of parent edu-cation or developmental screening under this section; and 
‘‘(2) no program or center assisted under 
this section shall take any action that in-fringes in any manner on the right of parents to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘SEC. 4505. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN INDIAN 
SCHOOLS. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agreements with local tribes, tribal organizations, or Indian nonprofit par-ent organizations to establish and operate Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘SEC. 4506. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’.’’ 
TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND EX-
PANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH IN-NOVATION 
SEC. 5001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking the title heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ EMPOWERING PARENTS AND EX-
PANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNO-VATION ’’; 
(2) by striking part A; (3) by striking subparts 2 and 3 of part B; (4) by striking part D; (5) by redesignating parts B and C as parts 
A and B, respectively; 
(6) in part A, as redesignated by paragraph 
(5), by striking ‘‘ Subpart 1—Charter School 
Programs ’’; 
(7) by redesignating sections 5201 through 
5211 as sections 5101 through 5111, respec-tively; 
(8) by redesignating sections 5301 through 
5307 as sections 5201 through 5207, respec-tively; 
(9) by striking sections 5308 and 5310; and (10) by redesignating sections 5309 and 5311 
as sections 5208 and 5209, respectively. 
SEC. 5002. PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
Part A of title V (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 5001(5), is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 5101 through 5105, 
as redesignated by section 5001(7), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to— ‘‘(1) provide financial assistance for the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of charter schools; 
‘‘(2) increase the number of high-quality 
charter schools available to students across the United States; 
‘‘(3) evaluate the impact of such schools on 
student achievement, families, and commu-nities, and share best practices among char-ter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(4) encourage States to provide support to 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
‘‘(5) expand opportunities for children with 
disabilities, students who are English learn-ers, and other traditionally underserved stu-dents to attend charter schools and meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(6) support efforts to strengthen the char-
ter school authorizing process to improve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5383 July 21, 2015 
performance management, including trans-
parency, monitoring, including financial au-dits, and evaluation of such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5102. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to carry out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve early childhood, elementary school, and sec-ondary school students by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of charter 
schools, the replication of high-quality char-ter schools, and the expansion of high-qual-ity charter schools; 
‘‘(2) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out national activities to 
support— 
‘‘(A) the startup of charter schools, the 
replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(B) the dissemination of best practices of 
charter schools for all schools; 
‘‘(C) the evaluation of the impact of the 
charter school program under this part on schools participating in such program; and 
‘‘(D) stronger charter school authorizing. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the 
amount made available under section 5111 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 5104; 
‘‘(2) reserve not less than 25 percent to 
carry out national activities under section 5105; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the 
reservations under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 5103. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The 
recipient of a grant or subgrant under this part (as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015) shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 5103. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘State entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a State charter school board; ‘‘(3) a Governor of a State; or ‘‘(4) a charter school support organization. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amount available under section 5102(b)(3), the Secretary shall award, on a competitive basis, grants to State entities having appli-cations approved under subsection (f) to en-able such entities to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants 
to enable such eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(A) open new charter schools; ‘‘(B) replicate high-quality charter school 
models; or 
‘‘(C) expand high-quality charter schools; 
and 
‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and authorized public chartering agencies in carrying out the activities de-scribed in paragraph (1), and work with au-thorized public chartering agencies in the State to improve authorizing quality, includ-ing developing capacity for, and conducting, fiscal oversight and auditing of charter schools. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ENTITY USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State entity receiving 
a grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the 
grant funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s application pursuant to sub-section (f), for the purposes described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) of subsection 
(b)(1); 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 7 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of 
such funds for administrative costs, which may include the administrative costs of pro-viding technical assistance. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A State enti-
ty may use a grant received under this sec-tion to carry out the activities described in paragraph (1)(B) directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF LOTTERY MECHANISMS .—Noth-
ing in this Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to State entities, or State entities from awarding subgrants to el-igible applicants, that use a weighted lot-tery, or an equivalent lottery mechanism, to give better chances for school admission to all or a subset of educationally disadvan-taged students if— 
‘‘(i) the use of a weighted lottery in favor 
of such students is not prohibited by State law, and such State law is consistent with the laws described in section 5110(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) such weighted lottery is not used for 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS .—Noth-
ing in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit schools from specializing in pro-viding specific services for students with a demonstrated need for such services, such as students who need specialized instruction in reading, spelling, or writing. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; PEERREVIEW ; DIS-
TRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS ; WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years, and may be renewed by the Secretary for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by a 
State entity under this section— 
‘‘(i) shall be for a period of not more than 
3 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design; and 
‘‘(ii) may be renewed by the State entity 
for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and 
each State entity awarding subgrants under this section, shall use a peer-review process to review applications for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS .—Each 
State entity awarding subgrants under this section shall award subgrants in a manner that, to the extent practicable and applica-ble, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) prioritize eligible applicants that plan 
to serve a significant number of students from low-income families; 
‘‘(B) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(C) will assist charter schools rep-
resenting a variety of educational ap-proaches. 
‘‘(4) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
any statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises adminis-trative authority under this Act with respect to charter schools supported under this part, except any such requirement relating to the elements of a charter school described in sec-tion 5110(2), if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that grant-
ing such waiver will promote the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) G RANTS .—A State entity may not re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this section at a time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant 
may not receive more than 1 subgrant under this section for each individual charter school for each grant period or renewal pe-riod, unless the eligible applicant dem-onstrates to the State entity that such indi-vidual charter school has demonstrated a strong track record of positive results over the course of the grant period regarding the elements described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 5110(8). 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State entity desiring 
to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The application shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A descrip-
tion of the State entity’s objectives in run-ning a quality charter school program under this section and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of how the State entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) support the opening of new charter 
schools and, if applicable, the replication of high-quality charter schools and the expan-sion of high-quality charter schools, includ-ing the proposed number of charter schools to be opened, replicated, or expanded under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) inform eligible charter schools, devel-
opers, and authorized public chartering agen-cies of the availability of funds under the program; 
‘‘(iii) work with eligible applicants to en-
sure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that such applicants are eligi-ble to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending those charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; and 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of 
Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; 
‘‘(iv) in the case of a State entity that is 
not a State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) work with the State educational agen-
cy and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
‘‘(II) work with the State educational 
agency to operate the State entity’s program under this section, if applicable; 
‘‘(v) ensure that each eligible applicant 
that receives a subgrant under the State en-tity’s program— 
‘‘(I) is opening or expanding schools that 
meet the definition of a charter school under section 5110; and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate 
such charter schools once the subgrant funds under this section are no longer available; 
‘‘(vi) support charter schools in local edu-
cational agencies with schools that have been identified by the State under section 1114(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(vii) work with charter schools to pro-
mote inclusion of all students and support all students upon enrollment in order to pro-mote retention of students in the school; 
‘‘(viii) work with charter schools on re-
cruitment practices, including efforts to en-gage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to attend charter schools; 
‘‘(ix) share best and promising practices 
among charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(x) ensure that charter schools receiving 
funds under the State entity’s program meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5384 July 21, 2015 
the educational needs of their students, in-
cluding children with disabilities and stu-dents who are English learners; and 
‘‘(xi) support efforts to increase charter 
school quality initiatives, including meeting the quality authorizing elements described in paragraph (2)(D); 
‘‘(B) a description of how the State will 
monitor and hold authorized public char-tering agencies accountable to ensure high- quality authorizing activity, such as by es-tablishing authorizing standards and by ap-proving, reapproving, and revoking the au-thority of an authorized public chartering agency based on the performance of the char-ter schools authorized by such agency in the areas of student achievement, student safe-ty, financial and operational management, and compliance with all applicable statutes, except that nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to require a State to alter State law, policies, or procedures regarding State practices for holding accountable au-thorized public chartering agencies; 
‘‘(C) a description of the extent to which 
the State entity— 
‘‘(i) is able to meet and carry out the prior-
ities described in subsection (g)(2); 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a 
cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools and, if appli-cable, the replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-quality charter schools; and 
‘‘(iii) will solicit and consider input from 
parents and other members of the commu-nity on the implementation and operation of each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s charter school program under this section; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the State entity 
will award subgrants, on a competitive basis, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of the application each 
eligible applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will be required to submit, which application shall include— 
‘‘(I) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of eligible applicants, and of any charter management organizations or other organizations with which the eligible appli-cant will partner to open charter schools, in-cluding the administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities of such partners; 
‘‘(II) a description of the quality controls 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved, such as a contract or performance agreement, financial audits to ensure ade-quate fiscal oversight, how a school’s per-formance on the State’s accountability sys-
tem and impact on student achievement (which may include student academic growth) will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and procedures to be fol-lowed in the case of the closure or dissolu-tion of a charter school; 
‘‘(III) a description of how the autonomy 
and flexibility granted to a charter school is consistent with the definition of a charter school in section 5110; 
‘‘(IV) a description of the eligible appli-
cant’s planned activities and expenditures of subgrant funds for purposes of opening a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter school, and how the eligible appli-cant will maintain fiscal sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(V) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will ensure that each charter school the eligible applicant operates will engage par-ents as partners in the education of their children; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity 
will review applications from eligible appli-cants; ‘‘(E) in the case of a State entity that part-
ners with an outside organization to carry out the entity’s quality charter school pro-gram, in whole or in part, a description of the roles and responsibilities of the partner; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the State entity 
will help the charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program address the transportation needs of the schools’ stu-dents; and 
‘‘(G) a description of how the State in 
which the State entity is located addresses charter schools in the State’s open meetings and open records laws. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances that— 
‘‘(A) each charter school receiving funds 
through the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations, including autonomy over per-sonnel decisions; 
‘‘(B) the State entity will support charter 
schools in meeting the educational needs of their students, as described in paragraph (1)(A)(x); 
‘‘(C) the State entity will ensure that the 
authorized public chartering agency of any charter school that receives funds under the entity’s program— 
‘‘(i) ensures that the charter school under 
the authority of such agency is meeting the requirements of this Act, part B of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; and 
‘‘(ii) adequately monitors and provides 
adequate technical assistance to each char-ter school under the authority of such agen-cy in recruiting, enrolling, retaining, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and students who are English learners; 
‘‘(D) the State entity will promote quality 
authorizing, consistent with State law, such as through providing technical assistance to support each authorized public chartering agency in the State to improve such agen-cy’s ability to monitor the charter schools authorized by the agency, including by— 
‘‘(i) using annual performance data, which 
may include graduation rates and student academic growth data, as appropriate, to measure a school’s progress toward becoming a high-quality charter school; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, 
annual audits of financial statements con-ducted in accordance with generally accept-ed accounting principles, and ensuring that any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(iii) holding charter schools accountable 
to the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the char-
ter school and the authorized public char-tering agency involved, such as through re-newal, non-renewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; and 
‘‘(E) the State entity will ensure that each 
charter school in the State makes publicly available, consistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, including on the website of the school, information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options avail-able to their children, including information on the educational program, student support services, parent contract requirements (as applicable), including any financial obliga-tions or fees, enrollment criteria (as applica-ble), and annual performance and enrollment data for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS FOR WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL STATUTE AND REGULATION .— 
A request and justification for waivers of any Federal statutory or regulatory provi-sions that the State entity believes are nec-essary for the successful operation of the charter schools that will receive funds under the entity’s program under this section. ‘‘(B) S
TATE AND LOCAL RULES .—A descrip-
tion of any State or local rules, generally ap-plicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to such schools or, in the case of a State entity de-fined in subsection (a)(4), a description of how the State entity will work with the State to request necessary waivers, if appli-cable. 
‘‘(g) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to State entities under this section on the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under subsection (f), after taking into consideration— 
‘‘(A) the degree of flexibility afforded by 
the State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under such law; 
‘‘(B) the proposed number of new charter 
schools to be opened, and, if applicable, the number of high-quality charter schools to be replicated or expanded under the program, and the number of new students to be served by such schools; 
‘‘(C) the likelihood that the schools 
opened, replicated, or expanded by eligible applicants receiving subgrant funds will in-crease the academic achievement of the school’s students and progress toward be-coming high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(D) the quality of the State entity’s plan 
to— 
‘‘(i) monitor the eligible applicants receiv-
ing subgrants under the State entity’s pro-gram; and 
‘‘(ii) provide technical assistance and sup-
port for— 
‘‘(I) the eligible applicants receiving sub-
grants under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(II) quality authorizing efforts in the 
State; and 
‘‘(E) the State entity’s plan to solicit and 
consider input from parents and other mem-bers of the community on the implementa-tion and operation of the charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to a State entity to the extent that the entity meets the following criteria: 
‘‘(A) The State entity is located in a State 
that— 
‘‘(i) allows at least one entity that is not 
the local educational agency to be an au-thorized public chartering agency for each developer seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State in which local 
educational agencies are the only authorized public chartering agencies, the State has an appeals process for the denial of an applica-tion for a charter school. 
‘‘(B) The State entity is located in a State 
that ensures that charter schools receive eq-uitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, in a prompt manner. 
‘‘(C) The State entity is located in a State 
that provides charter schools one or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Funding for facilities. ‘‘(ii) Assistance with facilities acquisition. ‘‘(iii) Access to public facilities. ‘‘(iv) The ability to share in bonds or mill 
levies. 
‘‘(v) The right of first refusal to purchase 
public school buildings. 
‘‘(vi) Low- or no-cost leasing privileges. ‘‘(D) The State entity is located in a State 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(E) The State entity supports charter 
schools that support at-risk students through activities such as dropout preven-tion or dropout recovery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5385 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(F) The State entity ensures that each 
charter school has a high degree of auton-omy over the charter school’s budget and op-erations, including autonomy over personnel decisions. 
‘‘(G) The State entity has taken steps to 
ensure that all authorizing public chartering agencies implement best practices for char-ter school authorizing. 
‘‘(h) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
applicant receiving a subgrant under this section shall use such funds to carry out ac-tivities related to opening a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter school, which may include— 
‘‘(1) supporting the acquisition, expansion, 
or preparation of a charter school building to meet increasing enrollment needs, including financing the development of a new building and ensuring that a school building complies with applicable statutes and regulations; 
‘‘(2) paying costs associated with hiring ad-
ditional teachers to serve additional stu-dents; 
‘‘(3) providing transportation to students 
to and from the charter school; 
‘‘(4) providing instructional materials, im-
plementing teacher and principal or other school leader professional development pro-grams, and hiring additional nonteaching staff; 
‘‘(5) supporting any necessary activities 
that assist the charter school in carrying out this section, such as preparing individuals to serve as members of the charter school’s board; and 
‘‘(6) providing early childhood education 
programs for children, including direct sup-port to, and coordination with, school- or community-based early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each 
State entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the grant period and at the end of any renewal period, a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(1) The number of students served by each 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, the number of new students served during each year of the grant period. 
‘‘(2) The number and amount of subgrants 
awarded under this section to carry out each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The opening of new charter schools. ‘‘(B) The replication of high-quality char-
ter schools. 
‘‘(C) The expansion of high-quality charter 
schools. 
‘‘(3) The progress the State entity made to-
ward meeting the priorities described in sub-paragraphs (E) through (G) of subsection (g)(2). 
‘‘(4) A description of— ‘‘(A) how the State entity complied with, 
and ensured that eligible applicants com-plied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
‘‘(B) how the State entity worked with au-
thorized public chartering agencies, and how the agencies worked with the management company or leadership of the schools that re-ceive subgrant funds, if applicable; and 
‘‘(C) how each recipient of a subgrant 
under this section uses the subgrant funds on early childhood education programs de-scribed in subsection (h)(6), if such recipient chooses to use such funds on such programs. 
‘‘SEC. 5104. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1), the Secretary shall use not less than 50 percent to award not less than 3 grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities that have the high-est-quality applications approved under sub-section (d) to demonstrate innovative meth-
ods of helping charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, constructing, and ren-ovating facilities by enhancing the avail-ability of loans or bond financing. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or 
local governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants 
under subsection (a) shall be of sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an ef-fective demonstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acquisition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary in such form as the Secretary may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities 
that the eligible entity proposes to carry out with funds received under subsection (a), in-cluding how the eligible entity will deter-mine which charter schools will receive as-sistance, and how much and what types of assistance charter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of 
charter schools in the application’s develop-ment and the design of the proposed activi-ties; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s 
expertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed ac-
tivities will leverage the maximum amount of private-sector financing capital relative to the amount of government funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to charter schools, including how the entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the entity under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application sub-
mitted by a State governmental entity, a de-scription of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding that charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall use the funds deposited in the re-
serve account established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to access private-sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, 
donation, or otherwise) of an interest (in-cluding an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is nec-essary to commence or continue the oper-ation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, in-
cluding predevelopment costs, or the renova-tion, repair, or alteration of existing facili-ties, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. ‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs that are re-
quired to assess sites for purposes of para-graph (1) or (2) and that are necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter 
schools in accomplishing the objectives de-scribed in subsection (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, di-rectly or indirectly, alone or in collabora-tion with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accordance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account estab-lished and maintained by the eligible entity for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such account shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and rein-
suring bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and interests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in sub-section (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of 
personal and real property for an objective described in such subsection. 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying 
potential lending sources, encouraging pri-vate lending, and other similar activities that directly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by pro-viding technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the re-cruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under 
this section and deposited in the reserve ac-count established under paragraph (1) shall be invested in obligations issued or guaran-teed by the United States or a State, or in other similarly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any 
earnings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account established under paragraph (1) and used in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—An eligible entity may use not more 
than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an independent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under sub-section (a) annually shall submit to the Sec-retary a report of the entity’s operations and activities under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial 
statements, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the inde-pendent public accountant reviewing the fi-nancial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit 
of the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) dur-ing the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity 
of the effectiveness of its use of the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5386 July 21, 2015 
funds provided under subsection (a) in 
leveraging private funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the char-
ter schools served during the reporting pe-riod, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance pro-vided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried 
out by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions par-ticipating in the activities carried out by the eligible entity under this section (excluding subsection (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under subparagraph (A) and shall provide a com-prehensive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (ex-cluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANT -
EEOBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of 
an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or 
loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds that may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in ac-
cordance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account 
established by an eligible entity under sub-section (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible entity first received funds under this section (excluding subsection (k)), that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1); or 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a re-
serve account established by an eligible enti-ty under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary de-termines that the eligible entity has perma-nently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any pur-pose described in such subsection. 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall not exercise the authority pro-vided in paragraph (1) to collect from any el-igible entity any funds that are being prop-erly used to achieve one or more of the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the au-thority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provi-sions Act. 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a pro-gram in which a State makes payments, on a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to pro-vide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely to funding 
charter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for 
funding charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1) and remaining after the Secretary makes grants under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make grants, on a competitive basis, to States to pay for the Federal share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering, per-pupil facilities aid programs. ‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fis-
cal year for which the program receives as-sistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent for the second such year; ‘‘(iii) 60 percent for the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent for the fourth such year; 
and 
‘‘(v) 20 percent for the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a 
grant under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations, and such orga-nizations may provide not more than 50 per-cent of the State share of the cost of estab-lishing or enhancing, and administering, the per-pupil facilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this sub-section, so long as the amount of such grant funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made 
available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—In ac-
cordance with the method of determination described in section 1117, funds made avail-able under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per- pupil facilities aid programs, operations fi-nancing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and 
‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State that is re-
quired under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space may be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the require-ments of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘SEC. 5105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 80 percent of such 
funds to award grants in accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) use the remainder of such funds to— ‘‘(A) disseminate technical assistance to 
State entities in awarding subgrants under section 5103(b)(1)(A); ‘‘(B) disseminate best practices regarding 
public charter schools; 
‘‘(C) evaluate the impact of the charter 
school program carried out under this part, including the impact on student achieve-ment; and 
‘‘(D) award grants, on a competitive basis, 
for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 5103(h), to eligible appli-cants that desire to open a charter school, replicate a high-quality charter school, or expand a high-quality charter school in— 
‘‘(i) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 5103; or 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 5103. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS FOR THE REPLICATION AND EX-
PANSION OF HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The Secretary shall make grants, 
on a competitive basis, to eligible entities having applications approved under para-graph (2) to enable such entities to replicate a high-quality charter school or expand a high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligi-ble entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a charter management organization 
that, at the time of the application, operates or manages one or more high-quality charter schools; or 
‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization that oversees 
and coordinates the activities of a group of such charter management organizations. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligi-
ble entity desiring to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
objectives for implementing a high-quality charter school program with funding under this subsection, including a description of the proposed number of high-quality charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A description of the educational pro-
gram that the eligible entity will implement in the charter schools that the eligible enti-ty proposes to replicate or expand, including information on how the program will enable all students to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), the grade levels or ages of students who will be served, and the instructional practices that will be used. 
‘‘(C) A multi-year financial and operating 
model for the eligible entity, including a de-scription of how the operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded will be sustained after the grant under this sub-section has ended. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will inform all students in the commu-nity, including children with disabilities, students who are English learners, and other educationally disadvantaged students, about the charter schools to be replicated or ex-panded with funding under this subsection. 
‘‘(E) For each charter school currently op-
erated or managed by the eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) student assessment results for all stu-
dents and for each category of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and 
‘‘(ii) attendance and student retention 
rates for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates (as such rates were cal-culated on the day before enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015). 
‘‘(F) Information on any significant com-
pliance issues encountered, within the last 3 years, by any school operated or managed by the eligible entity, including in the areas of student safety and financial management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.039 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5387 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(G) A request and justification for any 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements that the eligible entity be-lieves are necessary for the successful oper-ation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this sub-section. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall select eligible entities to receive grants under this subsection, on the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under paragraph (2), after taking into consider-ation such factors as— 
‘‘(A) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement and attainment for all students attending the charter schools the eligible entity operates or manages; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement and attainment for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(C) the quality of the eligible entity’s fi-
nancial and operating model as described under paragraph (2)(C), including the quality of the eligible entity’s plan for sustaining the operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded after the grant under this subsection has ended; 
‘‘(D) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
‘‘(i) have been closed; ‘‘(ii) have had a school charter revoked due 
to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
‘‘(iii) have had the school’s affiliation with 
the eligible entity revoked; and 
‘‘(E) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that operate or manage charter schools that, in the aggre-gate, serve students at least 60 percent of whom are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act. 
‘‘(5) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as 
otherwise provided in this subsection, grants awarded under subsection (a)(2)(D) and this subsection shall have the same terms and conditions as grants awarded to State enti-ties under section 5103.’’; 
(2) in section 5106 (20 U.S.C. 7221e), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) N
EW OR SIGNIFICANTLY EXPANDING  
CHARTER SCHOOLS .—For purposes of imple-
menting the hold harmless protections in sections 1122(c) and 1125A(g)(3) for a newly opened or significantly expanded charter school under subsection (a), a State edu-cational agency shall calculate a hold-harm-less base for the prior year that, as applica-ble, reflects the new or significantly ex-panded enrollment of the charter school.’’; 
(3) in section 5108 (20 U.S.C. 7221g), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by inserting ‘‘as quickly as possible and’’ before ‘‘to the extent practicable’’; 
(4) in section 5110 (20 U.S.C. 7221i), as redes-
ignated by section 5001(7)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), 
and (3) as paragraphs (2), (5), and (6), respec-tively; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (1), and moving such paragraph so as to precede paragraph (2), as redesignated by subparagraph (A); 
(C) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A)— 
(i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘, and 
part B’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et 
seq.), section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’), and part B’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (H) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(H) is a school to which parents choose to 
send their children, and that— 
‘‘(i) admits students on the basis of a lot-
tery, if more students apply for admission than can be accommodated; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school that has an af-
filiated charter school (such as a school that is part of the same network of schools), auto-matically enrolls students who are enrolled in the immediate prior grade level of the af-filiated charter school and, for any addi-tional student openings or student openings created through regular attrition in student enrollment in the affiliated charter school and the enrolling school, admits students on the basis of a lottery as described in clause (i);’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (I) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(I) agrees to comply with the same Fed-
eral and State audit requirements as do other elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State;’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(v) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) may serve students in early childhood 
education programs or postsecondary stu-dents.’’; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2), as re-
designated by subparagraph (A), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that oper-ates or manages multiple charter schools by centralizing or sharing certain functions or resources. 
‘‘(4) C
HARTER SCHOOL SUPPORT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘charter school support or-
ganization’ means a nonprofit, nongovern-mental entity that is not an authorized pub-lic chartering agency and provides, on a statewide basis— 
‘‘(A) assistance to developers during the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) technical assistance to operating 
charter schools.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6)(B), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under section 5203(d)(3)’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) E
XPANSION OF A HIGH -QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL .—The term ‘expansion of a high-qual-
ity charter school’ means increasing the en-rollment at a high-quality charter school by not less than 50 percent or adding 2 or more grades to a high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(8) H
IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong student aca-demic growth, as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas 
of student safety, financial and operational management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in signifi-
cantly increasing student academic achieve-ment, including graduation rates where ap-plicable, for all students served by the char-ter school; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated success in increas-
ing student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, for each of the categories of students, as defined in 
section 1111(b)(3)(A), except that such dem-onstration is not required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(9) R
EPLICATION OF A HIGH -QUALITY CHAR -
TER SCHOOL .—The term ‘replication of a 
high-quality charter school’ means the open-ing of a charter school— 
‘‘(A) under an existing charter or an addi-
tional charter, if permitted by State law; 
‘‘(B) based on the model of a high-quality 
charter school; and 
‘‘(C) that will be operated or managed by 
the same nonprofit organization that oper-ates or manages such high-quality charter school under an existing charter.’’; and 
(5) by striking section 5111 (20 U.S.C. 7221j), 
as redesignated by section 5001(7), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5111. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5003. MAGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE. 
Part B of title V (20 U.S.C. 7231 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 5001(5), is amended— 
(1) in section 5201(b), as redesignated by 
section 5001(8)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and the increase of socio-
economic integration’’ before ‘‘in elemen-tary schools and secondary schools’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘low-income and’’ before 
‘‘minority students’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘and implementation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, implementation, and expan-sion’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘content standards and stu-
dent academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘standards under section 1111(b)(1)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and de-
sign’’ and inserting ‘‘, design, and expan-sion’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘produc-
tive employment’’ and inserting ‘‘to enter into the workforce without the need for post-secondary education’’; 
(2) in section 5202, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8), by striking ‘‘backgrounds’’ and inserting ‘‘, ethnic, and socioeconomic back-grounds’’; 
(3) in section 5205(b), as redesignated by 
section 5001(8)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘any 
available evidence on’’ before ‘‘how the pro-posed magnet school programs’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding any evidence available to support such description’’ before the semicolon; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) how the applicant will assess, mon-
itor, and evaluate the impact of the activi-ties funded under this part on student achievement and integration;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘will’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘will’’ before ‘‘use grant 
funds’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 5301(b)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 5201(b)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5388 July 21, 2015 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘em-
ploy highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘will employ effective’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘not 
engage in’’ and inserting ‘‘is not currently engaging in and will not engage in’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘will’’ 
before carry out; and 
(vi) in subparagraph (E), by inserting 
‘‘will’’ before ‘‘give students’’; 
(4) in section 5206, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8), by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(2) propose to— ‘‘(A) carry out a new, evidence-based mag-
net school program; 
‘‘(B) significantly revise an existing mag-
net school program, using evidence-based methods and practices, as available; or 
‘‘(C) expand an existing magnet school pro-
gram that has a demonstrated record of suc-cess in increasing student academic achieve-ment, reducing isolation of minority groups, and increasing socioeconomic integration; and’’; 
(5) in section 5207, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are 
highly qualified’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) to enable the local educational agen-
cy, or consortium of such agencies, or other organizations partnered with such agency or consortium, to establish, expand, or strengthen inter-district and regional mag-net programs.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the 
State’s challenging academic content’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) or are di-rectly related to improving student aca-demic, career, or technological skills and professional skills.’’; 
(6) in section 5208, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(10)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for a pe-
riod’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for an initial period of not more than 3 fiscal years, and may be renewed for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the recipient of a grant under this part is achieving the intended outcomes of the grant and shows improve-ment in increasing student academic achievement, reducing minority group isola-tion, and increasing socioeconomic integra-tion, or other indicators of success estab-lished by the Secretary.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘July’’ 
and inserting ‘‘June’’; and 
(7) in section 5209, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(10)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$125,000,000’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’; 
(B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—The Secretary may reserve not more 
than 1 percent of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) for any fiscal year to provide technical assistance and carry out dissemination projects with respect to mag-net school programs assisted under this part.’’. SEC. 5004. SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY LEARNERS 
AND LEARNING. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part B the following: 
‘‘PART C—SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY 
LEARNERS AND LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 5301. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Jacob K. 
Javits Gifted and Talented Students Edu-cation Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5302. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to initiate a 
coordinated program of evidence-based re-search, demonstration projects, innovative strategies, and similar activities designed to build and enhance the ability of elementary schools and secondary schools nationwide to meet the special educational needs of gifted and talented students. 
‘‘SEC. 5303. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this part shall be construed to 
prohibit a recipient of funds under this part from serving gifted and talented students si-multaneously with students with similar educational needs, in the same educational settings, where appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 5304. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) is au-thorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and other private agencies and organizations to assist such agencies, institutions, and orga-nizations in carrying out programs or projects authorized by this part that are de-signed to meet the educational needs of gift-ed and talented students, including the training of personnel in the education of gifted and talented students and in the use, where appropriate, of gifted and talented services, materials, and methods for all stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—Each entity seeking as-
sistance under this part shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. Each such application shall describe how— 
‘‘(A) the proposed gifted and talented serv-
ices, materials, and methods can be adapted, if appropriate, for use by all students; and 
‘‘(B) the proposed programs can be evalu-
ated. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Programs and projects 
assisted under this section may include each of the following: 
‘‘(1) Conducting evidence-based research on 
methods and techniques for identifying and teaching gifted and talented students and for using gifted and talented programs and methods to serve all students. 
‘‘(2) Establishing and operating model 
projects and exemplary programs for serving gifted and talented students, including inno-vative methods for identifying and educating students who may not be served by tradi-tional gifted and talented programs (such as summer programs, mentoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative programs involving business, industry, and education). 
‘‘(3) Implementing innovative strategies, 
such as cooperative learning, peer tutoring, and service learning. 
‘‘(4) Carrying out programs of technical as-
sistance and information dissemination, in-cluding assistance and information with re-spect to how gifted and talented programs and methods, where appropriate, may be adapted for use by all students. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent that the 
amount of funds appropriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year beginning with fis-cal year 2016 exceed the amount of $7,500,000, the Secretary shall use such excess funds to award grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, or both, to implement ac-tivities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) C
ENTER FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) shall establish a National Research Center for the Education of Gifted and Talented Children and Youth through grants to, or contracts with, one or more institutions of higher edu-cation or State educational agencies, or a combination or consortium of such institu-tions and agencies and other public or pri-vate agencies and organizations, for the pur-pose of carrying out activities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The National Center shall 
be headed by a Director. The Secretary may authorize the Director to carry out such functions of the National Center as may be agreed upon through arrangements with in-stitutions of higher education, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, or other public or private agencies and organizations. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary may use not more than $2,250,000 to carry out this subsection. 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—Evidence-based activi-
ties supported under this part— 
‘‘(1) shall be carried out in consultation 
with the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and develop-ment activities supported by the Institute; and 
‘‘(2) may include collaborative evidence- 
based activities which are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
‘‘SEC. 5305. PROGRAM PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PRIORITY .—In carrying out 
this part, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to develop new information that— 
‘‘(1) improves the capability of schools to 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented stu-dents; and 
‘‘(2) assists schools in the identification of, 
and provision of services to, gifted and tal-ented students (including economically dis-advantaged individuals, individuals who are English learners, and children with disabil-ities) who may not be identified and served through traditional assessment methods. 
‘‘(b) S
ERVICE PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that not less than 50 percent of the applications approved under section 5304(a)(2) in a fiscal year address the priority described in subsection (a)(2). 
‘‘SEC. 5306. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ARTICIPATION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL  
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS .—In making grants 
and entering into contracts under this part, the Secretary shall ensure, where appro-priate, that provision is made for the equi-table participation of students and teachers in private nonprofit elementary schools and secondary schools, including the participa-tion of teachers and other personnel in pro-fessional development programs serving such students. 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW , DISSEMINATION , AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use a peer-review process in reviewing 
applications under this part; 
‘‘(2) ensure that information on the activi-
ties and results of programs and projects funded under this part is disseminated to ap-propriate State educational agencies, local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5389 July 21, 2015 
educational agencies, and other appropriate 
organizations, including nonprofit private organizations; and 
‘‘(3) evaluate the effectiveness of programs 
under this part in accordance with section 9601, in terms of the impact on students tra-ditionally served in separate gifted and tal-ented programs and on other students, and submit the results of such evaluation to Con-gress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM OPERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the programs under this part are administered within the Depart-ment by a person who has recognized profes-sional qualifications and experience in the field of the education of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
‘‘(1) administer and coordinate the pro-
grams authorized under this part; 
‘‘(2) serve as a focal point of national lead-
ership and information on the educational needs of gifted and talented students and the availability of educational services and pro-grams designed to meet such needs; 
‘‘(3) assist the Director of the Institute of 
Education Sciences in identifying research priorities that reflect the needs of gifted and talented students; and 
‘‘(4) disseminate, and consult on, the infor-
mation developed under this part with other offices within the Department. 
‘‘SEC. 5307. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5005. EDUCATION INNOVATION AND RE-
SEARCH. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part C, as added by section 5004, the following: 
‘‘PART D—EDUCATION INNOVATION AND 
RESEARCH 
‘‘SEC. 5401. GRANTS FOR EDUCATION INNOVA-
TION AND RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From funds 
appropriated under subsection (e), the Sec-retary shall make grants to eligible entities for the development, implementation, rep-lication, or scaling and rigorous testing of entrepreneurial, evidence-based, field-initi-ated innovations to improve student achieve-ment and attainment for high-need students, including— 
‘‘(1) early-phase grants to fund the develop-
ment, implementation, and feasibility test-ing of a program that prior research suggests has promise, for the purpose of determining whether the program can successfully im-prove student achievement or attainment for high-need students; 
‘‘(2) mid-phase grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous evaluation of a program that has been successfully implemented under an early-phase grant or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purpose of measuring the program’s impact and cost ef-fectiveness, if possible using existing admin-istrative data; or 
‘‘(3) expansion grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous replication evaluation of a program that has been found to produce sizable, important impacts under a mid- phase grant or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purpose of determining whether such impacts can be successfully re-produced and sustained over time, and iden-tifying the conditions in which the program is most effective. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A local educational agency. ‘‘(2) A State educational agency. 
‘‘(3) A consortium of State educational 
agencies or local educational agencies. 
‘‘(4) A State educational agency or a local 
educational agency, in partnership with— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization; ‘‘(B) a small business; ‘‘(C) a charter management organization; ‘‘(D) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(E) an institution of higher education. 
‘‘(c) R
URAL AREAS .—In awarding grants 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall en-sure that not less than 25 percent of the funds for any fiscal year are awarded for projects that meet both of the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(1) The grantee is— ‘‘(A) a local educational agency with an 
urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency or a 
nonprofit organization in partnership with such a local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) A majority of the schools to be served 
by the project are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a com-bination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—In order to receive 
a grant under subsection (a), an eligible enti-ty shall demonstrate that the eligible entity will provide matching funds in an amount equal to 10 percent of the funds provided under a grant under this part, except that the Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement, on a case-by-case basis, upon a showing of exceptional circumstances, such as— 
‘‘(1) the difficulty of raising matching 
funds for a project to serve a rural area; 
‘‘(2) the difficulty of raising matching 
funds in areas with a concentration of local educational agencies or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17— 
‘‘(A) who are in poverty, as counted in the 
most recent census data approved by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) who are eligible for a free or reduced 
priced lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act; 
‘‘(C) whose families receive assistance 
under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) who are eligible to receive medical as-
sistance under the Medicaid program; and 
‘‘(3) the difficulty of raising funds in des-
ignated tribal areas. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5006. ACCELERATED LEARNING. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part D, as added by section 5005, the following: 
‘‘PART E—ACCELERATED LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 5501. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Acceler-
ated Learning Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5502. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— 
‘‘(1) to raise student academic achievement 
through accelerated learning programs, in-cluding Advanced Placement and Inter-national Baccalaureate programs, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools that provide postsec-ondary-level instruction, examinations, or sequences of courses that are widely accept-ed for credit at institutions of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) to increase the number of students at-
tending high-need schools who enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, ac-
celerated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(3) to support efforts by States and local 
educational agencies to increase the avail-ability of, and enrollment in, accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses in high-need schools; and 
‘‘(4) to provide high-quality professional 
development for teachers of accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses in high-need schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5503. FUNDING DISTRIBUTION RULE. 
‘‘From amounts appropriated under sec-
tion 5508 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall give priority to funding activities under sec-tion 5504 and shall distribute any remaining funds under section 5505. 
‘‘SEC. 5504. ACCELERATED LEARNING EXAMINA-
TION FEE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
made available under section 5503 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to State educational agencies having applica-tions approved under this section to enable the State educational agencies to reimburse low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examina-tion fees, if the low-income students— 
‘‘(1) are enrolled in accelerated learning 
courses; and 
‘‘(2) plan to take accelerated learning ex-
aminations. 
‘‘(b) A
WARD BASIS.—In determining the 
amount of the grant awarded to a State edu-cational agency under this section for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall consider the number of children eligible to be counted under section 1124(c) in the State in relation to the number of such children so counted in 
all States. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—A State 
educational agency that is awarded a grant under this section shall make publicly avail-able information regarding the availability of accelerated learning examination fee pay-ments under this section, and shall dissemi-nate such information to eligible high school students and parents, including through high school teachers and counselors. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Each State edu-
cational agency desiring to receive a grant under this section shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. At a minimum, each State educational agency application shall— 
‘‘(1) describe the accelerated learning ex-
amination fees the State educational agency will pay on behalf of low-income students in the State from grant funds awarded under this section; 
‘‘(2) provide an assurance that any grant 
funds awarded under this section will be used only to pay for accelerated learning exam-ination fees; and 
‘‘(3) contain such information as the Sec-
retary may require to demonstrate that the State educational agency will ensure that a student is eligible for payments authorized under this section, including ensuring that the student is a low-income student. 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency awarded a grant under this section shall, with respect to each accelerated learn-ing course subject, annually report to the Secretary the following data for the pre-ceding year: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5390 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) The number of students in the State 
who are taking an accelerated learning course in such subject. 
‘‘(B) The number of accelerated learning 
examinations taken by students in the State who have taken an accelerated learning course in such subject. 
‘‘(C) The number of students in the State 
scoring at each level on accelerated learning examinations in such subject, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, sex, English proficiency status, and socioeconomic status. 
‘‘(D) Demographic information regarding 
students in the State taking accelerated learning courses and accelerated learning ex-aminations in such subject, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, sex, English proficiency sta-tus, and socioeconomic status. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall annually compile the information re-ceived from each State educational agency under paragraph (1) and report to the author-izing committees of Congress regarding the information. 
‘‘(g) B
UREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION AS STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—For purposes of this 
section, the Bureau of Indian Education shall be treated as a State educational agen-cy. 
‘‘SEC. 5505. ACCELERATED LEARNING INCENTIVE 
PROGRAM GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under section 5503 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out the authorized ac-tivities described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) D
URATION , RENEWAL , AND PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
a grant under this section for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this section for an ad-ditional period of not more than 2 years, if an eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) is achieving the objectives of the 
grant; and 
‘‘(ii) has shown improvement against base-
line data on the performance measures de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of subsection (g)(1). 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a local educational agency; or ‘‘(3) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(A) a national, regional, or statewide non-
profit organization, with expertise and expe-rience in providing accelerated learning course services, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or local 
educational agency. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The application shall, at a 
minimum, include a description of— 
‘‘(A) the goals and objectives for the 
project supported by the grant under this section, including— 
‘‘(i) increasing the number of teachers 
serving high-need schools who are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(ii) increasing the number of accelerated 
learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses that are offered at high-need schools; and ‘‘(iii) increasing the number of students at-
tending a high-need school, particularly low- income students, who enroll and succeed in— 
‘‘(I) accelerated learning courses; ‘‘(II) if offered by the school, pre-acceler-
ated learning courses; 
‘‘(III) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(IV) early college high school courses; 
‘‘(B) how the eligible entity will ensure 
that students have access to courses that will prepare them to enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(C) how the eligible entity will provide 
professional development for teachers that will further the goals and objectives of the grant project; 
‘‘(D) how the eligible entity will ensure 
that teachers serving high-need schools are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(E) how the eligible entity will provide 
for the involvement of business and commu-nity organizations and other entities, includ-ing institutions of higher education, in car-rying out the activities described in sub-section (e); 
‘‘(F) how the eligible entity will use funds 
received under this section; and 
‘‘(G) how the eligible entity will evaluate 
the success of the grant project. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications from eligible entities that propose to carry out activities in a local educational agency that is eligible under the small rural school achievement program or the rural and low-income school program au-thorized under subpart 1 or 2 of part B of title VI. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion may use grant funds for— 
‘‘(1) high-quality teacher professional de-
velopment, in order to expand the pool of teachers in the participating State, local educational agency, or high-need school who are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses, including through innovative models such as online academies and training institutes; 
‘‘(2) high-quality teacher and counselor 
professional development to prepare stu-dents for success in accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(3) coordination and articulation between 
grade levels to prepare students to enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(4) the purchase of instructional mate-
rials for accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(5) activities to increase the availability 
of, and participation in, online accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(6) carrying out the requirements of sub-
section (g); or 
‘‘(7) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1), awarding sub-grants to local educational agencies to en-able the local educational agencies to carry out authorized activities described in para-graphs (1) through (6). 
‘‘(f) C
ONTRACTS .—An eligible entity that is 
awarded a grant to provide online courses under this section may enter into a contract with an organization to provide accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high 
school courses, including contracting for necessary support services. 
‘‘(g) C
OLLECTING AND REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT .—Each eligible entity receiv-
ing a grant under this section shall collect and report to the Secretary annually such data regarding the results of the grant as the Secretary may reasonably require, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the number of students served by the 
eligible entity enrolling in accelerated learn-ing courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses, disaggregated by grade level of the student, 
and the grades received by such students in the courses; 
‘‘(B) the number of students taking an ac-
celerated learning examination and the dis-tribution of scores on those examinations, disaggregated by the grade level of the stu-dent at the time of examination; 
‘‘(C) the number of teachers who, as of the 
date of the report, are receiving training to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses, and will teach such courses in the next school year; 
‘‘(D) the number of teachers becoming 
qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(E) the number of qualified teachers who 
are teaching accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses in high- need schools served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTING OF DATA .—Each eligible en-
tity receiving a grant under this section shall report the data required under para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) disaggregated by subject area; ‘‘(B) in the case of student data, 
disaggregated in the same manner as infor-mation is disaggregated under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and 
‘‘(C) in a manner that allows for an assess-
ment of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram. 
‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall, in consultation with the relevant program office at the Depart-ment, evaluate the implementation and im-pact of the activities supported under this section, including progress as measured by the performance measures established under subparagraphs (A) through (E) of subsection (g)(1). 
‘‘(i) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this section shall pro-vide toward the cost of the activities as-sisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant, except that an eli-gible entity that is a high-need local edu-cational agency, as determined by the Sec-retary, shall provide an amount equal to not more than 50 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(2) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—The eligible entity 
may provide the matching funds described in paragraph (1) in cash or in kind, fairly evalu-ated, but may not provide more than 50 per-cent of the matching funds in kind. The eli-gible entity may provide the matching funds from State, local, or private sources. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary deter-mines that applying the matching require-ment to such eligible entity would result in serious hardship or an inability to carry out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5391 July 21, 2015 
the authorized activities described in sub-
section (e). 
‘‘SEC. 5506. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Grant funds provided under this part shall 
supplement, and not supplant, other non- Federal funds that are available to assist low-income students to pay for the cost of accelerated learning fees or to expand access to accelerated learning and pre-accelerated learning courses. 
‘‘SEC. 5507. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) A
CCELERATED LEARNING COURSE .—The 
term ‘accelerated learning course’ means— 
‘‘(A) a course of postsecondary-level in-
struction provided to middle or high school students, terminating in an Advanced Place-ment or International Baccalaureate exam-ination; or 
‘‘(B) another highly rigorous, evidence- 
based, postsecondary preparatory program terminating in— 
‘‘(i) an examination or sequence of courses 
that are widely accepted for credit at insti-tutions of higher education; or 
‘‘(ii) another examination or sequence of 
courses approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
CCELERATED LEARNING EXAMINA -
TION.—The term ‘accelerated learning exam-
ination’ means an Advanced Placement ex-amination administered by the College Board, an International Baccalaureate exam-ination administered by the International Baccalaureate, an examination that is wide-ly accepted for college credit, or another such examination approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a high school— 
‘‘(A) with a demonstrated need for Ad-
vanced Placement or International Bacca-laureate courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, or early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) has a high concentration of low-in-
come students; or 
‘‘(ii) is a local educational agency that is 
eligible, as determined by the Secretary, under the small, rural school achievement program, or the rural and low-income school program, authorized under subpart 1 or 2 of part B of title VI. 
‘‘(4) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘low- 
income student’ means a student who is eli-gible for a free or reduced price lunch under the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 5508. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5007. READY-TO-LEARN TELEVISION. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part E, as added by section 5006, the following: 
‘‘PART F—READY-TO-LEARN TELEVISION 
‘‘SEC. 5601. READY-TO-LEARN. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED ; R EADY -TO- 
LEARN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award grants to, or enter into con-tracts or cooperative agreements with, eligi-ble entities described in paragraph (3) to en-able such entities— 
‘‘(A) to develop, produce, and distribute 
educational and instructional video pro-gramming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facilitate student academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) to facilitate the development, directly 
or through contracts with producers of chil-dren’s and family educational television pro-gramming, of educational programming for 
preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
‘‘(C) to facilitate the development of pro-
gramming and digital content containing Ready-to-Learn-based children’s program-ming and resources for parents and care-givers that is specially designed for nation-wide distribution over public television sta-tions’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
‘‘(D) to contract with entities (such as pub-
lic telecommunications entities) so that pro-grams developed under this section are dis-seminated and distributed to the widest pos-sible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
‘‘(E) to develop and disseminate education 
and training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to dis-tance learning technologies, that are de-signed— 
‘‘(i) to promote school readiness; and ‘‘(ii) to promote the effective use of mate-
rials developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C) among parents, teachers, Head Start pro-viders, providers of family literacy services, child care providers, early childhood devel-opment personnel, elementary school teach-ers, public libraries, and after-school pro-gram personnel caring for preschool and ele-mentary school children. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—In awarding or enter-
ing into grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that eligible entities make pro-gramming widely available, with support materials as appropriate, to young children, parents, child care workers, Head Start pro-viders, and providers of family literacy serv-ices to increase the effective use of such pro-gramming. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to 
receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section, an entity shall be a public telecommunications entity that is able to demonstrate each of the following: 
‘‘(A) A capacity for the development and 
national distribution of educational and in-structional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of disadvantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
‘‘(B) A capacity to contract with the pro-
ducers of children’s television programming for the purpose of developing educational television programming of high quality. 
‘‘(C) A capacity, consistent with the enti-
ty’s mission and nonprofit nature, to nego-tiate such contracts in a manner that re-turns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any pro-gram-related products. 
‘‘(D) A capacity to localize programming 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational out-reach at the local level. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—An enti-
ty receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
‘‘(A) to maximize the utilization of quality 
educational programming by preschool and elementary school children, and make such programming widely available to federally funded programs serving such populations; and 
‘‘(B) to coordinate activities with Federal 
programs that have major training compo-nents for early childhood development, in-cluding programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) and State training ac-tivities funded under the Child Care and De-velopment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 
9858 et seq.), regarding the availability and utilization of materials developed under paragraph (1)(E) to enhance parent and child care provider skills in early childhood devel-opment and education. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under subsection (a), an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL REPORT TO THE SECRETARY .— 
An entity receiving a grant, contract, or co-operative agreement under this section shall prepare and submit to the Secretary an an-nual report that contains such information as the Secretary may require. At a min-imum, the report shall describe the program activities undertaken with funds received under the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, including each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The programming that has been de-
veloped, directly or indirectly, by the eligi-ble entity, and the target population of the programs developed. 
‘‘(B) The support and training materials 
that have been developed to accompany the programming, and the method by which the materials are distributed to consumers and users of the programming. 
‘‘(C) The means by which programming de-
veloped under this section has been distrib-uted, including the distance learning tech-nologies that have been utilized to make pro-gramming available, and the geographic dis-tribution achieved through such tech-nologies. 
‘‘(D) The initiatives undertaken by the en-
tity to develop public-private partnerships to secure non-Federal support for the develop-ment, distribution, and broadcast of edu-cational and instructional programming. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a biannual report that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) A summary of the activities assisted 
under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A description of the education and 
training materials made available under sub-section (a)(1)(E), the manner in which out-reach has been conducted to inform parents and child care providers of the availability of such materials, and the manner in which such materials have been distributed in ac-cordance with such subsection. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—An entity 
that receives a grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, contract, or agreement for the normal and customary expenses of admin-istering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING RULE.—Not less than 60 per-
cent of the amount appropriated under sub-section (f) for each fiscal year shall be used to carry out activities under subparagraphs (B) through (D) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5008. INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EXPANDS 
CHILDREN’S HORIZONS (I–TECH). 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part F, as added by section 5007, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5392 July 21, 2015 
‘‘PART G—INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EX-
PANDS CHILDREN’S HORIZONS (I–TECH) 
‘‘SEC. 5701. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— ‘‘(1) to improve the achievement, academic 
growth, and college and career readiness of all students; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that all students have access 
to personalized, rigorous learning experi-ences that are supported through tech-nology; 
‘‘(3) to ensure that educators have the 
knowledge and skills to use technology, in-cluding computer-based assessments and blended learning strategies, to personalize learning; 
‘‘(4) to ensure that local educational agen-
cy and school leaders have the skills re-quired to implement, and support school- and district-wide approaches for using tech-nology to inform instruction, support teach-er collaboration, and personalize learning; 
‘‘(5) to ensure that students in rural, re-
mote, and underserved areas have the re-sources to take advantage of high-quality digital learning experiences, digital re-sources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators; 
‘‘(6) to ensure that students have increased 
access to online dual or concurrent enroll-ment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recog-nized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)), and courses taught by educators, including advanced coursework; and 
‘‘(7) to ensure that State educational agen-
cies, local educational agencies, elementary schools, and secondary schools have the technological capacity, infrastructure, and technical support necessary to meet pur-poses described in paragraphs (1) through (6). 
‘‘SEC. 5702. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strength-en a student’s learning experience and en-compasses a wide spectrum of tools and prac-tices, including— 
‘‘(A) interactive learning resources that 
engage students in academic content; 
‘‘(B) access to online databases and other 
primary source documents; 
‘‘(C) the use of data, data analytics, and in-
formation to personalize learning and pro-vide targeted supplementary instruction; 
‘‘(D) student collaboration with content 
experts and peers; 
‘‘(E) online and computer-based assess-
ments; 
‘‘(F) digital learning content, software, or 
simulations; 
‘‘(G) access to online courses; ‘‘(H) mobile devices for learning in school 
and at home; 
‘‘(I) learning environments that allow for 
rich collaboration and communication; 
‘‘(J) hybrid or blended learning, which oc-
curs under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace; 
‘‘(K) access to online course opportunities 
for students in rural or remote areas; and 
‘‘(L) discovery, modification, and sharing 
of openly licensed digital learning materials. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘eli-
gible technology’ means modern computer, and communication technology software, services, or tools, including computer or mo-bile devices, whether for use in school or at home, software applications, systems and platforms, digital learning content, and re-lated services, supports, and strategies, which may include strategies to assist eligi-
ble children without adequate Internet ac-cess at home to complete homework. 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNOLOGY READINESS SURVEY .—The 
term ‘technology readiness survey’ means a survey completed by a local educational agency that provides standardized informa-tion on the quantity and types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students and in the community served by the local educational agency, including com-puter devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity (including Internet ac-cess outside of the school day), operating systems, related network infrastructure, data systems, educator professional learning needs and priorities, and data security. 
‘‘(4) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .—The 
term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘SEC. 5702A. RESTRICTION. 
‘‘Funds awarded under this part shall not 
be used to address the networking needs of an entity that is eligible to receive support under the E-rate program. 
‘‘SEC. 5703. TECHNOLOGY GRANTS PROGRAM AU-
THORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5708, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1.5 percent for national activities to support grantees and shall award the remainder to State edu-cational agencies to strengthen State and local technological infrastructure and pro-fessional learning that supports digital learning through State activities under sec-tion 5705(c) and local activities under section 5706(c). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5708 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) three-fourths of 1 percent for the Sec-
retary of the Interior to provide assistance under this part for schools operated or fund-ed by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(B) 1 percent to provide assistance under 
this part to the outlying areas. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT ALLOTMENTS .—From the 
amounts appropriated under section 5708 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Sec-retary makes reservations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make a grant for the fiscal year to each State educational agency with an approved application under section 5704 in an amount that bears the same rela-tionship to such remainder as the amount the State educational agency received under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount all State educational agencies with an approved application under section 5704 received under such part for such year. 
‘‘(c) M
INIMUM .—The amount of a grant to a 
State educational agency under subsection (b)(2) for a fiscal year shall not be less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available for grants to all State edu-cational agencies under such subsection for such year. 
‘‘(d) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If 
any State educational agency does not apply for a grant under section 5704 for a fiscal year, or does not use the State educational agency’s entire grant allotment under sub-section (b)(2) for such year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State edu-cational agency’s grant, or the unused por-tion of the grant allotment, to the remaining State educational agencies that use their en-tire grant amounts under subsection (b)(2) for such year. 
‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency that receives a grant under sub-section (b)(2) shall provide matching funds, from non-Federal sources, in an amount 
equal to 10 percent of the amount of grant funds provided to the State educational agency to carry out the activities supported by the grant. Such matching funds may be provided in cash or in kind, except that any such in kind contributions shall be provided for the purpose of supporting the State edu-cational agency’s activities under section 5705(c). 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the matching requirement under paragraph (1) for a State educational agency that dem-onstrates that such requirement imposes an undue financial hardship on the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5704. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION .—To receive a grant 
under section 5703(b)(2), a State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require and containing the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the following goals: 
‘‘(A) Use technology to ensure that all stu-
dents achieve college and career readiness and digital literacy, including by providing high-quality education opportunities to eco-nomically or geographically isolated student populations. 
‘‘(B) Provide educators, school leaders, and 
administrators with the professional learn-ing tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
‘‘(i) personalize learning to improve stu-
dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(ii) discover, adapt, and share relevant 
high-quality open educational resources. 
‘‘(C) Enable local educational agencies to 
build technological capacity and infrastruc-ture. 
‘‘(2) An assurance that each local edu-
cational awarded a subgrant under this part has conducted a technology readiness survey and will take steps to address the identified readiness gaps not later than 3 years after the completion of the survey by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that the State educational agency’s technology systems and school-based technology systems are interoperable. 
‘‘(4) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will consider making con-tent widely available through open edu-cational resources when making purchasing decisions with funds received under this part. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will award subgrants to local educational agencies under section 5706. 
‘‘(6) A description of the process, activities, 
and performance measures that the State educational agency will use to evaluate the impact and effectiveness of the grant and subgrant funds awarded under this part across the State and in each local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency consulted with local edu-cational agencies in the development of the State educational agency’s application under this subsection. 
‘‘(8) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will provide matching funds as required under section 5703(e). 
‘‘(9) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements of section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5393 July 21, 2015 
1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-
cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) and section 445 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232h). 
‘‘(10) An assurance that funds made avail-
able under this part shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5705. STATE USE OF GRANT FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION FOR SUBGRANTS TOSUP-
PORT TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Each 
State educational agency that receives a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall expend not less than 90 percent of the grant amount for each fiscal year to award subgrants to local educational agencies in accordance with section 5706. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION FOR STATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall reserve not more than 10 per-cent of the grant received under section 5703(b)(2) for the State activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT ADMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), of the amount reserved by a State edu-cational agency under paragraph (1), the State educational agency may reserve for the administration of the grant under this part not more than— 
‘‘(i) 1 percent in the case of a State edu-
cational agency awarding subgrants under section 5706(a)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) 3 percent in the case of a State edu-
cational agency awarding subgrants under section 5706(a)(2). 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State educational agency that forms a State purchasing consortium under subsection (d)— 
‘‘(i) may reserve an additional 1 percent to 
carry out the activities described in sub-section (d)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) may reserve amounts in addition to 
the percentage described in clause (i) if the State purchasing consortium receives direct approval from the local educational agencies receiving subgrants under section 5706(a) from the State educational agency prior to reserving more than the additional percent-age authorized under clause (i). 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency may use funds described in subsection (b) to carry out each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Except for the awarding of subgrants 
in accordance with section 5706, activities described in the State educational agency’s application under section 5704(b). 
‘‘(2) Providing technical assistance to local 
educational agencies to— 
‘‘(A) identify and address technology readi-
ness needs, as determined by the technology readiness surveys; 
‘‘(B) use technology, consistent with the 
principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(C) build capacity for principals and local 
educational agency administrators to sup-port teachers in using data and technology to improve teaching and personalize learn-ing; 
‘‘(D) ensure that contractual requirements 
for third parties that have access to student data, its storage, or provide analytics on stu-dent data provide privacy protections con-sistent with the requirements of section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Fam-ily Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and 
‘‘(E) provide tools and processes to support 
the creation, modification, and distribution of open educational resources. ‘‘(3) Developing or utilizing evidence-based 
or innovative strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, in-cluding digital learning technologies and as-sistive technology. 
‘‘(4) Integrating and coordinating activi-
ties under this part with other educational resources and programs across the State. 
‘‘(5) Disseminating information, including 
making publicly available on the website of the State educational agency, promising practices to improve technology instruction, best practices for data security, and acquir-ing and implementing technology tools and applications. 
‘‘(6) Ensuring that teachers, paraprofes-
sionals, school librarians and media per-sonnel, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, and administrators possess the knowledge and skills to use technology to meet the goals described in section 5704(b)(1). 
‘‘(7) Coordinating with teacher, principal, 
and other school leader preparation pro-grams to ensure that preservice teachers, principals, and other school leaders have the skills to implement digital learning pro-grams effectively. 
‘‘(8) Supporting schools in rural and re-
mote areas to expand access to high-quality digital learning opportunities. 
‘‘(d) P
URCHASING CONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) may— 
‘‘(A) form a State purchasing consortium 
with 1 or more State educational agencies receiving such a grant to carry out the State activities described in subsection (c), includ-ing purchasing eligible technology; 
‘‘(B) encourage local educational agencies 
to form a local purchasing consortium under section 5706(c)(4); and 
‘‘(C) promote pricing opportunities to local 
educational agencies for the purchase of eli-gible technology that are— 
‘‘(i) negotiated by the State educational 
agency or the State purchasing consortium of the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) available to such local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall not— 
‘‘(A) except for promoting the pricing op-
portunities described in paragraph (1)(C), make recommendations to local educational agencies for, or require, use of any specific commercial products and services by local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) require local educational agencies to 
participate in a State purchasing consortia or local purchasing consortia; or 
‘‘(C) use more than the amount reserved 
under subsection (b) to carry out the activi-ties described in paragraph (1), unless the State educational agency receives approval in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 5706. LOCAL SUBGRANTS. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—From the grant funds provided under 
section 5703(b)(2) to a State educational agency that are remaining after the State educational agency makes reservations under section 5705(b) for any fiscal year and subject to paragraph (2), the State edu-cational agency shall award subgrants for the fiscal year to local educational agencies served by the State educational agency and with an approved application under sub-section (b) by allotting to each such local educational agency an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount received by the local educational agency under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount received by all such local educational agencies under such part 
for such year, except that no local edu-cational agency may receive less than $20,000 for a year. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—If the amount of funds 
appropriated under section 5708 is less than $300,000,000 for any fiscal year, a State edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall not award subgrants under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) shall— ‘‘(i) award subgrants, on a competitive 
basis, to local educational agencies based on the quality of applications submitted under subsection (b), including— 
‘‘(I) the level of technology readiness, as 
determined by the technology readiness sur-veys completed by local educational agencies submitting such applications; and 
‘‘(II) the technology plans described in sub-
section (b)(3) and how the local educational agencies with such plans will carry out the alignment and coordination described in such subsection; 
‘‘(ii) give priority to local educational 
agencies that have demonstrated substantial need for assistance in acquiring and using technology, based on the agency’s tech-nology readiness survey; and 
‘‘(iii) give priority to schools that serve 
students in rural and remote areas, schools identified under section 1114 as in need of intervention and support and the persist-ently lowest-achieving schools, or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17 who are in poverty, as counted in the most recent census data approved by the Secretary, who are eligible for a free or re-duced priced lunch under the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act, in families 
receiving assistance under the State pro-gram funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or eligible to receive medical assistance under the Medicaid pro-gram. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY FOR CERTAIN FISCAL YEARS .—For pur-
poses of awarding subgrants under paragraph (2), the term ‘local educational agency’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(C) a local educational agency and an edu-
cational service agency. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency that desires to receive a subgrant under subsection (a) shall submit an applica-tion to the State at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may require, such as— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will carry out the goals de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of section 5704(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) a description of the results of the tech-
nology readiness survey completed by the local educational agency and a description of the plan for the local educational agency to meet the goals described in paragraph (1) within 3 years of completing the survey; 
‘‘(3) a description of the local educational 
agency’s technology plan to carry out para-graphs (1) and (2) and how the agency will align and coordinate the activities under this section with other activities across the local educational agency; 
‘‘(4) a description of the team of educators 
who will coordinate and carry out the activi-ties under this section, including individuals with responsibility and expertise in instruc-tional technology, teachers who specialize in supporting students who are children with disabilities and English learners, other school leaders, school librarians and media personnel, technology officers, and staff re-sponsible for assessments and data; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5394 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(5) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will build capacity for prin-cipals, other school leaders, and local edu-cational agency administrators to support teachers in developing data literacy skills and in implementing digital tools to support teaching and learning; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will procure content and en-sure content quality; and 
‘‘(7) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT IN DIGITAL  
LEARNING .—Subject to paragraph (3), a local 
educational agency receiving a subgrant under subsection (a) shall use not less than 50 percent of such funds to carry out profes-sional development in digital learning for teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, technology coordinators, and administrators in the use of technology to support student learning. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), a local educational agency receiving a subgrant under sub-section (a) shall use not less than 25 percent of such funds to support activities for the ac-quisition of eligible technology needed to— 
‘‘(A) except for the activities described in 
paragraph (1), carry out activities described in the application submitted under sub-section (b), including purchasing devices, equipment, and software applications; and 
‘‘(B) address readiness shortfalls identified 
under the technology readiness survey com-pleted by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATION OF FUNDING ALLOCA -
TIONS .—A State educational agency may au-
thorize a local educational agency to modify the percentage of the local educational agen-cy’s subgrant funds required to carry out the activities described in paragraph (1) or (2) if the local educational agency demonstrates that such modification will assist the local educational agency in more effectively car-rying out such activities. 
‘‘(4) P
URCHASING CONSORTIUM .—Local edu-
cational agencies receiving subgrants under subsection (a) may— 
‘‘(A) form a local purchasing consortium 
with other such local educational agencies to carry out the activities described in this sub-section, including purchasing eligible tech-nology; and 
‘‘(B) use such funds for purchasing eligible 
technology through a State purchasing con-sortium under section 5705(d). 
‘‘(5) B
LENDED LEARNING PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under sub-section (a) may use such funds to carry out a blended learning project, which shall in-clude at least 1 of the following activities: 
‘‘(i) Planning activities, which may include 
development of new instructional models (in-cluding blended learning technology soft-ware and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and one-time infor-mation technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expendi-tures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities. 
‘‘(ii) Ongoing professional development for 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .—A local edu-
cational agency that carries out a blended learning project under this paragraph shall 
provide non-Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of funds used to carry out such project. 
‘‘(C) D
EFINITION OF BLENDED LEARNING .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘blended learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technology-based and face-to- face instructional approaches that— 
‘‘(i) include an element of online or digital 
learning, combined with supervised learning time, and student-led learning, in which the elements are connected to provide an inte-grated learning experience; and 
‘‘(ii) where students are provided some con-
trol over time, path, or pace. 
‘‘SEC. 5707. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under section 5706 shall submit to 
the State educational agency that awarded such subgrant an annual report the meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
State educational agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—A report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall in-clude, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(1) the status of the State educational 
agency’s plan described in section 5704(b) or the local education agency’s technology plan under section 5706(b)(3), as applicable; 
‘‘(2) the categories of eligible technology 
acquired with funds under this part and how such technology is being used; 
‘‘(3) the professional learning activities 
funded under this part, including types of ac-tivities and entities involved in providing such professional learning to classroom teachers and other staff, such as school li-brarians; and 
‘‘(4) the types of programs funded under 
this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5708. AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this part.’’. 
SEC. 5009. LITERACY AND ARTS EDUCATION. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part G, as added by section 5008, the following: 
‘‘PART H—LITERACY AND ARTS 
EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5801. LITERACY AND ARTS EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From funds made avail-
able under subsection (c), the Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, on a competitive basis, to eligi-ble entities for the purposes of promoting— 
‘‘(1) arts education for disadvantaged stu-
dents and students who are children with disabilities, through activities such as— 
‘‘(A) professional development for arts edu-
cators, teachers, and principals; 
‘‘(B) development and dissemination of in-
structional materials and arts-based edu-cational programming, including online re-sources, in multiple arts disciplines; and 
‘‘(C) community and national outreach ac-
tivities that strengthen and expand partner-ships among schools, local educational agen-cies, communities, or national centers for the arts; and 
‘‘(2) literacy programs that support the de-
velopment of literacy skills in low-income communities, including— 
‘‘(A) developing and enhancing effective 
school library programs, which may include providing professional development for school librarians, books, and up-to-date ma-terials to low-income schools; 
‘‘(B) early literacy services, including pedi-
atric literacy programs through which, dur-ing well-child visits, medical providers 
trained in research-based methods of early language and literacy promotion provide de-velopmentally appropriate books and rec-ommendations to parents to encourage them to read aloud to their children starting in in-fancy; and 
‘‘(C) programs that provide high-quality 
books on a regular basis to children and ado-lescents from disadvantaged communities to increase reading motivation, performance, and frequency. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from fami-lies with an income below the poverty line; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(C) an eligible national nonprofit organi-
zation. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANI -
ZATION .—The term ‘eligible national non-
profit organization’ means an organization of national scope that— 
‘‘(A) is supported by staff, which may in-
clude volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrates effectiveness or high- 
quality plans for addressing childhood lit-eracy activities for the population targeted by the grant. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5010. EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT GRANTS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part H, as added by section 5009, the following: 
‘‘PART I—EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT 
AND IMPROVEMENT GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 5901. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are to assist States with— 
‘‘(1) more efficiently using existing Federal 
resources to improve, strengthen, and ex-pand existing high-quality early childhood education, as determined by the State; 
‘‘(2) coordinating existing funding streams 
and delivery models to promote— 
‘‘(A) program quality, while maintaining 
services; 
‘‘(B) parental choice among high-quality 
early childhood education program pro-viders; and 
‘‘(C) early care and learning access for 
children from birth to kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(3) improving access for children from 
low-income families to high-quality early childhood education programs in order to en-hance school readiness. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C ENTER OF EXCELLENCE .—The term 
‘Center of Excellence’ means a local public or private nonprofit agency, including a community-based or faith-based organiza-tion, or a for-profit agency, within a commu-nity, that provides early learning and care services in the State, including the use of best practices for— 
‘‘(A) achieving school readiness, including 
the development of early literacy and math-ematics skills; 
‘‘(B) acquisition of English language skills; 
and 
‘‘(C) providing high-quality comprehensive 
services for eligible children and their fami-lies. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE CHILD .—The term ‘eligible 
child’ means an individual— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5395 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) who is less than 6 years of age; and 
‘‘(B) whose family income does not ex-
ceed— 
‘‘(i) 200 percent of the poverty line; ‘‘(ii) 85 percent of the State median income 
for a family of the same size, and whose fam-ily assets do not exceed $1,000,000 (as cer-tified by a member of such family); or 
‘‘(iii) a State-determined threshold for eli-
gibility that does not exceed the thresholds in clauses (i) and (ii). 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘eli-
gible partnership’ means a partnership that, at a minimum, includes, as applicable and appropriate, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care estab-lished under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act, and all of the following partners, which may be represented on the Council: 
‘‘(A) One or more public and private (in-
cluding nonprofit or for-profit) providers of early childhood education that serve eligible children residing in the State and meet ap-plicable standards of licensing and quality as determined by the State. 
‘‘(B) One or more Head Start agencies, 
which may include Early Head Start, mi-grant and seasonal Head Start, and Indian Head Start agencies that serve eligible chil-dren residing in the State. 
‘‘(C) The State educational agency. ‘‘(D) Other relevant State agencies with 
oversight of preschool, early education, and child care in the State. 
‘‘(E) One or more local educational agen-
cies in the State. 
‘‘(F) One or more institutions of higher 
education in the State. 
‘‘(G) One or more representatives of busi-
ness in the State. 
‘‘(4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meanings given the term in section 101 and subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 102(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘SEC. 5902. EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND 
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under section 5903, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to States to enable the States to carry out the activities described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION FOR STATES SERVING  
RURAL AREAS .—From the amounts appro-
priated under section 5903 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not less than 30 percent for grants to States that propose to carry out the activities described in sub-section (d) for eligible children living in rural areas. The Secretary shall reduce the amount described in the preceding sentence if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications that are deserving of a grant under this part for such purpose. 
‘‘(3) R
ESERVATION FOR EVALUATION .—From 
the amounts appropriated under section 5903 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve one-half of 1 percent to conduct, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, an evaluation to determine whether grants under this part are— 
‘‘(A) improving efficiency in the use of 
Federal funds for early childhood education programs; 
‘‘(B) improving coordination across Fed-
eral early childhood education programs; and 
‘‘(C) increasing the availability of, and ac-
cess to, high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs for eligible children. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to a State that will use funds under this grant to focus on eligible children— 
‘‘(A) who are 3 and 4 years of age; and ‘‘(B) whose family income does not exceed 
130 percent of the poverty line. 
‘‘(4) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant award-
ed under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and may not be re-newed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a State may receive a grant under this section once. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State may receive more than 1 grant under this section only— 
‘‘(i) if the State is proposing, for such addi-
tional grants, to carry out activities for eli-gible children living in rural areas; or 
‘‘(ii) after all States, which meet the re-
quirements and have submitted an applica-tion under this section, have received a grant, to the extent that funds for a grant are still available. 
‘‘(6) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the ex-
tent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this section. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) L EAD AGENCY .— 
‘‘(A) D ESIGNATION .—A State desiring a 
grant under this section shall designate an agency (which may be an appropriate col-laborative agency) or establish a joint inter-agency office, that complies with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), to serve as a lead agency for the State under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The lead agency designated 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) administer, directly or through other 
governmental or nongovernmental agencies, the Federal assistance received under this section by the State; 
‘‘(ii) develop the application submitted to 
the Secretary under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(iii) coordinate the provision of activities 
under this section with existing Federal, State, and local early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTNERS .—In order to be eligible for 
a grant under this section, a State shall partner with an eligible partnership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each State 
that receives a grant under this part shall provide from Federal or non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) 30 percent of the amount of the grant 
in the first year of such grant; and 
‘‘(B) not less than 30 percent of the amount 
of the grant in each of the second and third years of such grant, respectively. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State desiring a 
grant under this section shall submit an ap-plication at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. The applica-tion shall include— 
‘‘(1) an identification of the lead agency 
that the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for the grant under this section; 
‘‘(2) a description of the eligible partner-
ship required under subsection (b)(2), which will assist the State in developing the plan and implementing the activities under this part; 
‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, the 
unduplicated counts of the number of eligi-ble children served using existing Federal, State, and local resources and programs that the State will coordinate to meet the pur-poses of this part, including— 
‘‘(A) programs carried out under the Head 
Start Act, including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act; 
‘‘(B) programs carried out under section 
619 and parts B and C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(C) child care programs carried out under 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); 
‘‘(D) other Federal, State, local, and Indian 
tribe or tribal organization programs of early learning, childhood education, child care, and development in the State; and 
‘‘(E) as applicable— ‘‘(i) programs carried out under other pro-
visions of this Act; 
‘‘(ii) programs carried out under subtitle A 
of title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.); 
‘‘(iii) programs carried out under the Com-
munity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.); 
‘‘(iv) programs serving homeless children 
and services of local educational agency liai-sons for homeless children and youths des-ignated under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)); 
‘‘(v) State agencies and programs serving 
children in foster care and the foster fami-lies of such children; and 
‘‘(vi) child care programs funded through 
State veterans affairs offices; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the State pro-
poses to coordinate such resources and pro-grams identified under paragraph (3) in order to meet the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the State will 
identify early childhood education program providers that demonstrate a high level of quality; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the State will de-
fine eligible children, in accordance with sec-tion 5901(b)(2); 
‘‘(7) a description of how the State will ex-
pand access to existing high-quality early learning and care for eligible children in the State or, if no high-quality early learning and care is accessible for eligible children, expand access to high-quality early learning and care for such children; 
‘‘(8) in the case of a State that has elected 
to use funds under this section to designate Centers of Excellence— 
‘‘(A) an assurance that the State will des-
ignate an entity, such as an agency, an insti-tution of higher education, a consortium of local educational agencies or Head Start centers, or another entity, to designate early childhood education programs as Centers of Excellence; 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the designee will 
meet the definition of a Center of Excel-lence; 
‘‘(C) a description of the process by which 
an entity that carries out an early childhood 
education program would be designated as a Center of Excellence, including evidence that the early childhood education program in-volved has demonstrated excellence in pro-gram delivery in a manner designed to im-prove the school readiness of children who have participated in the program; and 
‘‘(D) a description of how the State will as-
sist Centers of Excellence in the dissemina-tion of best practices; 
‘‘(9) a description of the measurable out-
comes and anticipated levels of performance for such outcomes, as determined by the State, in the areas of program coordination, program quality improvement, and increased access to high-quality programs, that the State will use to evaluate the coordinated statewide or locally implemented system of voluntary early care and learning supported by the grant; 
‘‘(10) an assurance that the State will pro-
vide technical assistance to partners on methods by which Federal and State early learning and care funding can be coordinated and lead to cost-saving and efficiencies strategies, such as through entities admin-istering shared services, and other methods 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5396 July 21, 2015 
that will enhance the quality of the early 
childhood education programs in the State; 
‘‘(11) a description of how the State will 
sustain early learning and care activities co-ordinated under this section, including for rural areas in the State, if applicable, once grant funding is no longer available under this section; 
‘‘(12) a description of the process that the 
State proposes to use to collect and dissemi-nate, to parents and the general public, con-sumer information that will promote in-formed early learning and care choices in the State; 
‘‘(13) a description of how the State will 
serve eligible children residing in rural areas, if applicable; 
‘‘(14) a description of how the State will 
support, through the use of professional de-velopment, early childhood education pro-grams that maintain disciplinary policies that do not include expulsion or suspension of participating children, except as a last re-sort in extraordinary circumstances where— 
‘‘(A) there is a determination of a serious 
safety threat; and 
‘‘(B) policies are in place to provide appro-
priate alternative early educational services to expelled or suspended children while they are out of school; and 
‘‘(15) an assurance that funds made avail-
able under this part shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this part shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, or improve a coordinated statewide or locally imple-mented system of voluntary early care and learning, which includes a plan— 
‘‘(A) for coordinating funding available 
through existing Federal, State, and local sources; and 
‘‘(B) that is designed in collaboration with 
an eligible partnership. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this section may be used for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Aligning existing Federal, State, and 
local funding and resources with a statewide or locally designed system for delivering high-quality early learning and care for eli-gible children in the State, including devel-oping evidence-based practices to improve staff quality, instructional programming, and time in program which may include the use of shared services models. 
‘‘(B) Analyzing needs for expanded access 
to existing high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs in the State, including child care, preschool, and Early Head Start, Head Start, and special education for all children, particularly low-income children. 
‘‘(C) Developing or expanding eligible part-
nerships to— 
‘‘(i) expand access for eligible children to 
existing high-quality providers or programs or, if no high-quality early learning and care is accessible for eligible children, expand ac-cess to high-quality early learning and care for eligible children; 
‘‘(ii) share best practices; and ‘‘(iii) ensure that parents have maximum 
choices in selecting the providers that meet their individual needs, consistent with State and local laws. 
‘‘(D) Developing or expanding Centers of 
Excellence for the purposes of— 
‘‘(i) disseminating best practices for 
achieving early academic success in the State, including best practices for— 
‘‘(I) achieving school readiness, including 
developing early literacy and mathematics skills; ‘‘(II) the acquisition of the English lan-
guage for English learners; or 
‘‘(III) providing high-quality comprehen-
sive services to low-income and at-risk chil-dren and their families; 
‘‘(ii) coordinating early education, child 
care, and other social services available in the State and local communities for low-in-come and at-risk children and families; or 
‘‘(iii) providing effective transitions be-
tween preschool programs and elementary schools, including by facilitating ongoing communication between early education and elementary school teachers and by improv-ing the ability of teachers to work effec-tively with low-income and at-risk children and their families. 
‘‘(E) Expanding existing high-quality early 
education and care for infants and toddlers or, if no high-quality early education and care is accessible for infants and toddlers, expand access to high-quality education and care. 
‘‘(F) Developing, implementing, or coordi-
nating programs or strategies determined by 
the State to increase the involvement of the parents and family of an eligible child in the education of the child, such as programs or strategies that— 
‘‘(i) encourage effective ongoing commu-
nication between such children and the par-ents and families of such children, early childhood education providers, early learn-ing administrators, and other early child-hood education personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) promote active participation of par-
ents, families, and communities as partners in the education of such children. 
‘‘(G) Carrying out other strategies deter-
mined by the State to improve access to, and expand the overall quality of, a coordinated State or locally designed system of vol-untary early learning and care services in the State, such as pay for success initiatives that promote coordination among existing programs and meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The activities implemented 
by a State under this subsection shall prioritize parental choice of providers and evidence-based practices for improving early learning program quality and access, to the extent permitted under State and local law. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—A State that receives a 
grant under this part shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, an annual report that includes— 
‘‘(1) the number and percentage of children 
who are served in high-quality early child-hood education programs, as identified by the State, during each year of the grant du-ration using funds from— 
‘‘(A) only this part, as applicable; ‘‘(B) the Child Care and Development 
Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); 
‘‘(C) the Head Start Act; and ‘‘(D) other public and private providers, as 
applicable; 
‘‘(2) the quality improvements undertaken 
at the State level; 
‘‘(3) the extent to which funds are being 
blended with other public and private fund-ing; 
‘‘(4) the progress made regarding the meas-
urable outcomes and the anticipated levels of performance selected by the State under subsection (c)(9); and 
‘‘(5) any other ways in which funds are 
used to meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare and sub-mit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a biennial report containing the information described 
in subsection (e) for all States receiving funds under this part. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON FEDERAL INTER -
FERENCE .—Nothing in this part shall be con-
strued to authorize the Secretary to estab-lish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(1) early learning and development guide-
lines, standards, or specific assessments, in-cluding the standards or measures that States use to develop, implement, or im-prove such guidelines, standards, or assess-ments; 
‘‘(2) specific measures or indicators of 
quality early learning and care, including— 
‘‘(A) the systems that States use to assess 
the quality of early childhood education pro-grams and providers, school readiness, and achievement; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘high-quality’ early learning 
or care; 
‘‘(3) early learning or preschool cur-
riculum, program of instruction, or instruc-tional content; 
‘‘(4) teacher and staff qualifications and 
salaries; 
‘‘(5) class sizes and child-to-instructional 
staff ratios; and 
‘‘(6) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, other school leader, or staff eval-uation system within a State or local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5903. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’ 
‘‘PART J—INNOVATION SCHOOLS 
DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY 
‘‘SEC. 5910. INNOVATION SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the flexi-
bility authority under this part is to provide local educational agencies with the flexi-bility to create locally-designed innovation schools in order to achieve increased auton-omy and support for innovation schools. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency that receives a local flexibility agreement under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘eligible State educational 
agency’ means a State educational agency that has adopted policies or procedures that allow the development, consideration, and approval of innovation school plans, con-sistent with the provisions of this part. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATION SCHOOL .—The term ‘inno-
vation school’ means a public school that— 
‘‘(A) is established for the purpose of gen-
erating enhanced opportunities for students to learn and achieve through increased edu-cator and school-level professional auton-omy and flexibility; 
‘‘(B) is a collaborative initiative enjoying 
strong buy-in, pursuant to subparagraphs (F) and (G) of subsection (f)(1), from key stake-holders, including parents, education em-ployees, and representatives of such employ-ees, where applicable; 
‘‘(C) ensures equitable access for all stu-
dent populations; 
‘‘(D) operates with the same degree of 
transparency and is held to the same ac-countability standards applicable to other schools in the school district served by the local educational agency that serves the in-novation school; and 
‘‘(E) is not a magnet school. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary is authorized to allow eligible State educational agencies to receive flexibility authority to provide local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5397 July 21, 2015 
educational agencies with flexibility agree-
ments if such eligible State educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) demonstrate that flexibility agree-
ments are necessary for the successful oper-ation of innovation schools; and 
‘‘(B) provide a description of any State or 
local rules, generally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to innovation schools. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Flexibility authority and 
flexibility agreements shall not be granted under paragraph (1) with respect to any pro-vision under part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Each eligible State educational 
agency receiving flexibility authority under subsection (c) shall, to the extent prac-ticable and applicable, ensure that local flexibility agreements made with eligible en-tities— 
‘‘(1) prioritize local educational agencies 
that— 
‘‘(A) serve the largest numbers or percent-
ages of students from low-income families; or 
‘‘(B) will use the provided flexibility for in-
novative strategies in schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114; and 
‘‘(2) are geographically diverse, including 
provided to local educational agencies serv-ing urban, suburban, or rural areas. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible State edu-
cational agency desiring to receive flexi-bility authority under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The application shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A descrip-
tion of the eligible State educational agen-cy’s objectives in supporting innovation schools, and how the objectives of the pro-gram will be carried out, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(I) support the success of innovation 
schools; 
‘‘(II) inform local educational agencies, 
communities, and schools of the opportunity for local flexibility agreements under this part; 
‘‘(III) work with eligible entities to ensure 
that innovation schools access all Federal, State, and local funds such schools are eligi-ble to receive; 
‘‘(IV) work with eligible entities to ensure 
that innovation schools receive waivers to all Federal, State, and local laws necessary to implement innovation schools’ innovation plans; 
‘‘(V) ensure each eligible entity works with 
innovation schools to ensure inclusion of all students and promote retention of students in the school; and 
‘‘(VI) share best and promising practices 
among innovation schools and other schools; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will actively monitor each eligible entity in a local flexibility agree-ment to hold innovation schools accountable to ensure a high-quality education, including by approving, re-approving, and revoking the innovation plan and its attendant flexibility based on the performance of the innovation school, in the areas of student achievement, student safety, financial management, and compliance with all applicable statutes; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will approve local flexibility agreements, including— ‘‘(I) a description of the application each 
local educational agency desiring to enter into such a flexibility agreement will sub-mit, which application shall include— 
‘‘(aa) the school innovation plan; ‘‘(bb) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of local educational agencies and of any other organizations with which the local educational agency will partner to open in-novation schools, including administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities; 
‘‘(cc) a description of the quality controls 
that will be used by the local educational agency, such as a contract or performance agreement that includes a school’s perform-ance in the State’s academic accountability system and impact on student achievement; 
‘‘(dd) a description of the planned activi-
ties to be carried out under the flexibility agreement; and 
‘‘(ee) a description of waivers and other 
flexibility needed to implement the school innovation plan; and 
‘‘(II) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will review applications from local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE ASSURANCES .—Assurances from 
the State educational agency that— 
‘‘(i) each eligible entity will ensure that 
innovation schools have a high degree of au-tonomy over budget and operations; 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency— ‘‘(I) and each eligible entity entering into 
a local flexibility agreement under this sec-tion will ensure that each innovation school that receives funds under the entity’s pro-gram is meeting the requirements of this Act, part B of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Re-habilitation Act of 1973; and 
‘‘(II) will ensure that each eligible entity 
adequately monitors and provides adequate technical assistance to each innovation school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency will en-
sure that the eligible entity will monitor in-novation schools, including by— 
‘‘(I) using annual performance data, includ-
ing graduation rates and student academic achievement data, as appropriate; 
‘‘(II) if applicable, reviewing the schools’ 
independent, annual audits of financial statements conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(III) holding innovation schools account-
able to the academic, financial, and oper-
ational quality controls outlined in the inno-vation plan, such as through renewal, non- renewal, or revocation of the school’s inno-vation plan; 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency will en-
sure that, to the greatest extent possible, State and local rules, generally applicable to public schools, will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to the extent necessary, to inno-vation plans at each innovation school; 
‘‘(v) eligible entities will ensure that each 
innovation school makes publicly available information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options avail-able to their children, including information on the educational program, student support services, and annual performance and enroll-ment data for students in the innovation school; and 
‘‘(vi) the State educational agency con-
sulted with local educational agencies, schools, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents in developing the State application. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—The provisions 
of peer review, approval, determination, demonstration, revision, disapproval, limita-tions, public review, and additional informa-
tion applicable to State plans under para-graphs (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8)(B) of sec-tion 1111(a) shall apply in the same manner to State applications submitted under this subsection. 
‘‘(f) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TIONS AND REQUIREMENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency that desires to enter into a local flexibility agreement shall submit to the State educational agency such informa-tion that the State educational agency shall require, including— 
‘‘(1) the plans for all approved innovation 
schools to be served by the local educational agency, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) a statement of the innovations 
school’s mission and why designation as an innovation school would enhance the school’s ability to achieve its mission; 
‘‘(B) a description of the innovations the 
public school would implement, which may include, innovations in school staffing, cur-riculum and assessment, class scheduling and size, use of financial and other resources, and faculty recruitment, employment, eval-uation, compensation, and extracurricular activities; 
‘‘(C) if the innovation school seeks to es-
tablish an advisory board, a description of— 
‘‘(i) the membership of the board (which 
may include representatives of teachers, par-ents, students, the local educational agency, the State educational agency, the business community, institutions of higher education, or other community representatives); 
‘‘(ii) its responsibilities in designing and 
furthering the mission of the innovation school; and 
‘‘(iii) how the board will ensure coordina-
tion with the local educational agency and State educational agency; 
‘‘(D) a listing of the programs, policies, or 
operational documents within the public school that would be affected by the public school’s identified innovations and the man-ner in which they would be affected, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) the research-based educational pro-
gram the school would implement; 
‘‘(ii) the length of school day and school 
year at the school; 
‘‘(iii) the student engagement policies to 
be implemented at the school; 
‘‘(iv) the school’s instruction and assess-
ment plan; 
‘‘(v) the school’s plan to use data, evalua-
tion, and professional learning to improve student achievement; 
‘‘(vi) the proposed budget for the school; ‘‘(vii) the proposed staffing plan or staff 
compensation model for the school; and 
‘‘(viii) the professional development needs 
of leaders and staff to implement the pro-gram and how those needs will be addressed; 
‘‘(E) an identification of the improvements 
in academic performance that the school ex-pects to achieve in implementing the innova-tions; 
‘‘(F) evidence that a majority of the ad-
ministrators employed at the public school support the request for designation as an in-novation school; 
‘‘(G) evidence that not less than two-thirds 
of the regularly employed employees at the school vote by secret ballot to approve the school’s innovation school plan; 
‘‘(H) evidence that the school has strong 
parental support, demonstrated in a manner determined appropriate by the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(I) a description of any regulatory or pol-
icy requirements that would need to be waived for the public school to implement its identified innovations; and 
‘‘(J) any additional information required 
by the local educational agency in which the innovation plan would be implemented; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.040 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5398 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) a description of any rules or regula-
tions that the local educational agency will waive in order to provide autonomy to the innovation schools and why waiving such regulations will benefit students; 
‘‘(3) a description of any State regulations 
that the local educational agency seeks to waive in order to provide autonomy to inno-vation schools, and why waiving such regula-tions will benefit students; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the process that the 
local educational agency will use to regu-larly review the progress of innovation schools, including student performance and performance in the State’s accountability system and decide whether to revoke or con-tinue the innovation school’s autonomy. 
‘‘(g) T
EACHER CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this part, except as pro-vided under paragraph (2), not more than 5 percent of the teachers in an innovation school granted flexibility under this part may be unlicensed or uncertified at any one time. Such unlicensed or uncertified teach-ers shall become licensed or certified within 3 years of being hired. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .—Innovation 
schools located in a State with a more le-nient teacher license or certification re-quirement than the requirement described in paragraph (1) may hire teachers in accord-ance with State teacher license or certifi-cation requirements. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND AS-
SESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTING .—Each eligible State edu-
cational agency receiving the flexibility au-thority granted by the Secretary under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the demonstration period and at the end of any renewal period, a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) The number of students served by 
each innovation school under this part and, if applicable, the number of new students served during each year of the demonstra-tion period, expressed as a total number and as a percentage of the students enrolled in the State and relevant local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) The number of innovation schools 
served under this part. 
‘‘(C) An overview of the innovations imple-
mented in the innovation schools and the in-novation school zones in the districts of in-novation. 
‘‘(D) An overview of the academic perform-
ance of the students served in innovation schools, including a comparison between the students’ academic performance before and since implementation of the innovations. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—The Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences (or a com-parable, independent research organization) shall conduct an evaluation of the program under this part after year 3 and 5 of the pro-gram and every 2 years thereafter. 
‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION AND PROHIBI -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING EM -
PLOYMENT .—Nothing in this part shall be 
construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State or local laws (including appli-cable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL INTERFERENCE  
WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .—Nothing 
in this part shall be construed to permit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the terms governing innovation schools served under 
this part. 
‘‘(j) D
URATION OF FLEXIBILITY DEMONSTRA -
TION AUTHORITY AND AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) F LEXIBILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—Flexibility demonstration authority 
under this part shall be awarded for a period that shall not exceed 5 fiscal years, and may be renewed by the Secretary for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL FLEXIBILITY AGREEMENTS .— 
Local flexibility agreements awarded by an eligible State educational agency under this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years.’’. 
SEC. 5011. FULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART K—FULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY 
SCHOOLS 
‘‘SEC. 5911. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Full-Serv-
ice Community Schools Act of 2015’ 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this title are to— ‘‘(1) improve student learning and develop-
ment by providing supports for students that enable them to graduate college- and career- ready; 
‘‘(2) provide support for the planning, im-
plementation, and operation of full-service community schools; 
‘‘(3) improve the coordination and integra-
tion, accessibility, and effectiveness of serv-ices for children and families, particularly for students attending high-poverty schools, including high-poverty rural schools; 
‘‘(4) enable educators and school personnel 
to complement and enrich efforts to improve academic achievement and other results; 
‘‘(5) ensure that children have the physical, 
social, and emotional well-being to come to school ready to engage in the learning proc-ess every day; 
‘‘(6) promote and enable family and com-
munity engagement in the education of chil-dren; 
‘‘(7) enable more efficient use of Federal, 
State, local, and private sector resources that serve children and families; 
‘‘(8) facilitate the coordination and inte-
gration of programs and services operated by community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, and State, local, and tribal governments; 
‘‘(9) engage students as resources to their 
communities; and 
‘‘(10) engage the business community and 
other community organizations as partners in the development and operation of full- service community schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. DEFINITION OF FULL-SERVICE COM-
MUNITY SCHOOL. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘full-service com-
munity school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that— 
‘‘(1) participates in a community-based ef-
fort to coordinate and integrate educational, developmental, family, health, and other comprehensive services through community- based organizations and public and private partnerships; and 
‘‘(2) provides access to such services to stu-
dents, families, and the community, such as access during the school year (including before- and after-school hours and week-ends), as well as during the summer. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. LOCAL PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to eligible entities to assist public el-ementary schools or secondary schools to function as full-service community schools. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used to— 
‘‘(1) coordinate not less than 3 existing 
qualified services and provide not less than 2 additional qualified services at 2 or more 
public elementary schools or secondary schools; 
‘‘(2) integrate multiple services into a com-
prehensive, coordinated continuum sup-ported by research-based activities which achieve the performance goals established under subsection (c)(4)(E) to meet the holis-tic needs of children; and 
‘‘(3) if applicable, coordinate and integrate 
services provided by community-based orga-nizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instruc-tional support personnel. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the eligible entity. ‘‘(2) A memorandum of understanding 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide qualified services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
‘‘(3) A description of the capacity of the el-
igible entity to coordinate and provide quali-fied services at 2 or more full-service com-munity schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive plan that includes 
descriptions of the following: 
‘‘(A) The student, family, and school com-
munity to be served, including information about demographic characteristics that in-clude major racial and ethnic groups, median family income, percentage of students eligi-ble for free- and reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, and other information. 
‘‘(B) A needs assessment that identifies the 
academic, physical, social, emotional, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
‘‘(C) A community assets assessment which 
identifies existing resources, as of the date of the assessment, that could be aligned. 
‘‘(D) The most appropriate metric to de-
scribe the plan’s reach within a community using either— 
‘‘(i) the number of families and students to 
be served, and the frequency of services; or 
‘‘(ii) the proportion of families and stu-
dents to be served, and the frequency of serv-ices. 
‘‘(E) Yearly measurable performance goals, 
including an increase in the percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, which are con-sistent with the following objectives: 
‘‘(i) Children are ready for school. ‘‘(ii) Students are engaged and achieving 
academically. 
‘‘(iii) Students are physically, mentally, 
socially, and emotionally healthy. 
‘‘(iv) Schools and neighborhoods are safe 
and provide a positive climate for learning that is free from bullying or harassment. 
‘‘(v) Families are supportive and engaged 
in their children’s education. 
‘‘(vi) Students and families are prepared 
for postsecondary education and 21st century careers. 
‘‘(vii) Students are contributing to their 
communities. 
‘‘(F) Performance measures to monitor 
progress toward attainment of the goals es-tablished under subparagraph (E), including a combination of the following, to the extent applicable: 
‘‘(i) Multiple objective measures of student 
achievement, including assessments, class-room grades, and other means of assessing student performance. 
‘‘(ii) Attendance (including absences re-
lated to illness and truancy) and chronic ab-senteeism rates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5399 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(iii) Disciplinary actions against stu-
dents, including suspensions and expulsions. 
‘‘(iv) Access to health care and treatment 
of illnesses demonstrated to impact aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(v) Performance in making progress to-
ward intervention services goals as estab-lished by specialized instructional support personnel. 
‘‘(vi) Participation rates by parents and 
family members in school-sanctioned activi-ties and activities that occur as a result of community and school collaboration, as well as activities intended to support adult edu-cation and workforce development. 
‘‘(vii) Number and percentage of students 
and family members provided services under this part. 
‘‘(viii) Valid measures of postsecondary 
education and career readiness. 
‘‘(ix) Service-learning and community 
service participation rates. 
‘‘(x) Student satisfaction surveys. ‘‘(G) Qualified services, including existing 
and additional qualified services, to be co-ordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an expla-nation of— 
‘‘(i) why such services have been selected; ‘‘(ii) how such services will improve stu-
dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(iii) how such services will address per-
formance goals established under subpara-graph (E). 
‘‘(H) Plans to ensure that each site has 
full-time coordination of qualified services at each full-service community school, in-cluding coordination with the specialized in-structional support personnel employed prior to the receipt of the grant. 
‘‘(I) Planning, coordination, management, 
and oversight of qualified services at each school to be served, including the role of the school principal, partner entities, parents, and members of the community. 
‘‘(J) Funding sources for qualified services 
to be coordinated and provided at each 
school to be served, including whether such funding is derived from a grant under this section or from other Federal, State, local, or private sources. 
‘‘(K) Plans for professional development 
for personnel managing, coordinating, or de-livering qualified services at the schools to be served. 
‘‘(L) Plans for joint utilization and mainte-
nance of school facilities by the eligible enti-ty and its partner entities. 
‘‘(M) How the eligible entity and its part-
ner entities will focus services on schools eli-gible for a schoolwide program under section 1113(c). 
‘‘(N) Plans for periodic evaluation based 
upon attainment of the performance meas-ures described in subparagraph (F). 
‘‘(O) How the qualified services will meet 
the principles of effectiveness described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(5) A plan for sustaining the programs 
and services outlined in this part. 
‘‘(d) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .—For a 
program developed pursuant to this section to meet principles of effectiveness, such pro-gram shall be based upon— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of objective data re-
garding the need for the establishment of a full-service community school and qualified services at each school to be served and in the community involved; 
‘‘(2) an established set of performance 
measures aimed at ensuring the availability and effectiveness of high-quality services; and 
‘‘(3) if appropriate, scientifically based re-
search that provides evidence that the quali-fied services involved will help students meet State and local student academic achievement standards. ‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(1)(A) will serve a minimum of 2 or more 
full-service community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1113(c), as part of a community- or district-wide strat-egy; or 
‘‘(B) include a local educational agency 
that satisfies the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); and 
‘‘(2) will be connected to a consortium 
comprised of a broad representation of stakeholders, or a consortium demonstrating a history of effectiveness. 
‘‘(f) G
RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years and may be renewed at the discretion of the Secretary based on the eligible enti-ty’s demonstrated effectiveness in meeting the performance goals and measures estab-lished under subparagraphs (E) and (F) of subsection (c)(4). 
‘‘(g) P
LANNING .—The Secretary may au-
thorize an eligible entity to use grant funds under this section for planning purposes in 
an amount not greater than 10 percent of the total grant amount. 
‘‘(h) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to an eligible entity under this section in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the 5-year grant period. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL QUALIFIED SERVICES .—The 
term ‘additional qualified services’ means qualified services directly funded under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a consortium of 1 or more local educational agencies and 1 or more community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, or other public or private en-tities. 
‘‘(3) E
XISTING QUALIFIED SERVICES .—The 
term ‘existing qualified services’ means qualified services already being financed, as of the time of the application, by Federal, State, local, or private sources, or volunteer activities being supported as of such time by civic, business, faith-based, social, or other similar organizations. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED SERVICES .—The term ‘quali-
fied services’ means any of the following: 
‘‘(A) Early childhood education. ‘‘(B) Remedial education activities and en-
richment activities, including expanded learning time. 
‘‘(C) Summer or after-school enrichment 
and learning experiences. 
‘‘(D) Programs under the Head Start Act, 
including Early Head Start programs. 
‘‘(E) Nurse home visitation services. ‘‘(F) Teacher home visiting. ‘‘(G) Programs that promote parental in-
volvement and family literacy. 
‘‘(H) Mentoring and other youth develop-
ment programs, including peer mentoring and conflict mediation. 
‘‘(I) Parent leadership development activi-
ties. 
‘‘(J) Parenting education activities. ‘‘(K) Child care services. ‘‘(L) Community service and service-learn-
ing opportunities. 
‘‘(M) Developmentally appropriate phys-
ical education. 
‘‘(N) Programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled. 
‘‘(O) Job training, internship opportuni-
ties, and career counseling services. 
‘‘(P) Nutrition services. ‘‘(Q) Primary health and dental care. ‘‘(R) Mental health counseling services. ‘‘(S) Adult education, including instruction 
in English as a second language. 
‘‘(T) Juvenile crime prevention and reha-
bilitation programs. 
‘‘(U) Specialized instructional support 
services. 
‘‘(V) Homeless prevention services. ‘‘(W) Other services consistent with this 
part. 
‘‘SEC. 5915. STATE PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to State collaboratives to support the development of full-service community school programs in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used only for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Developing a State comprehensive re-
sults and indicators framework to imple-ment full-service community schools, con-sistent with performance goals described in section 5914(c)(4)(E). 
‘‘(2) Planning, coordinating, and expanding 
the development of full-service community schools in the State, particularly such schools in high-poverty local educational agencies, including high-poverty rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing technical assistance and 
training for full-service community schools, including professional development for per-sonnel and creation of data collection and evaluation systems. 
‘‘(4) Collecting, evaluating, and reporting 
data about the progress of full-service com-munity schools. 
‘‘(5) Evaluating the impact of Federal and 
State policies and guidelines on the ability of eligible entities (as defined in section 5914(i)) to integrate Federal and State pro-grams at full-service community schools, and taking action to make necessary changes. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, a State collaborative shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A memorandum of understanding 
among all governmental agencies and non-profit organizations that will participate as members of the State collaborative. 
‘‘(2) A description of the expertise of each 
member of the State collaborative— 
‘‘(A) in coordinating Federal and State 
programs across multiple agencies; 
‘‘(B) in working with and developing the 
capacity of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(C) in working with high-poverty schools 
or rural schools and local educational agen-cies. 
‘‘(3) A comprehensive plan describing how 
the grant will be used to plan, coordinate, and expand the delivery of services at full- service community schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive accountability plan 
that will be used to demonstrate effective-ness, including the measurable performance goals of the program and performance meas-ures to monitor progress and assess services’ impact on students and families and aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(5) An explanation of how the State col-
laborative will work to ensure State policies and guidelines can support the development of full-service community schools, as well as provide technical assistance and training, in-cluding professional development, for full- service community schools. 
‘‘(6) An explanation of how the State will 
collect and evaluate information on full- service community schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5400 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(d) G RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years. 
‘‘(e) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to a State collabo-rative under this section in an amount that is less than $500,000 for each year of the 5- year grant period. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ includes the 
several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COLLABORATIVE .—The term 
‘State collaborative’ means a collaborative of a State educational agency and not less than 2 other governmental agencies or non-profit organizations that provide services to children and families. 
‘‘SEC. 5916. ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-
tablished an advisory committee to be known as the ‘Full-Service Community Schools Advisory Committee’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Advisory Com-mittee’). 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—Subject to subsection (c), the 
Advisory Committee shall— 
‘‘(1) consult with the Secretary on the de-
velopment and implementation of programs under this part; 
‘‘(2) identify strategies to improve the co-
ordination of Federal programs in support of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(3) issue an annual report to Congress on 
efforts under this part, including a descrip-tion of— 
‘‘(A) the results of local and national eval-
uations of such efforts; and 
‘‘(B) the scope of services being coordi-
nated under this part. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its du-
ties under this section, the Advisory Com-mittee shall consult annually with eligible entities awarded grants under section 5914, State collaboratives awarded grants under section 5915, and other entities with exper-tise in operating full-service community schools. 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERS .—The Advisory Committee 
shall consist of 5 members as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary of Education (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General of the United 
States (or the Attorney General’s delegate). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Agriculture (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services (or the Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(5) The Secretary of Labor (or the Sec-
retary’s delegate). 
‘‘SEC. 5917. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, directly or through grants, shall pro-vide such technical assistance as may be ap-propriate to accomplish the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATIONS BY SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall conduct evaluations on the effectiveness of grants under sections 5914 and 5915 in achieving the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS BY GRANTEES .—The Sec-
retary shall require each recipient of a grant under this part— 
‘‘(1) to conduct periodic evaluations of the 
progress achieved with the grant toward achieving the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(2) to use such evaluations to refine and 
improve activities conducted with the grant and the performance measures for such ac-tivities; and 
‘‘(3) to make the results of such evalua-
tions publicly available, including by pro-viding public notice of such availability. ‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION CLAUSE .—Nothing in 
this part shall be construed to alter or other-wise affect the rights, remedies, and proce-dures afforded school or school district em-ployees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court or-ders) or under the terms of collective bar-gaining agreements, memoranda of under-standing, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(e) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available to a grantee under this part may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire each recipient of a grant under this part to provide matching funds from non- Federal sources in an amount determined under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF MATCH .— 
‘‘(A) S LIDING SCALE .—Subject to subpara-
graph (B), the Secretary shall determine the amount of matching funds to be required of a grantee under this subsection based on a sliding fee scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(i) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the grantee; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of the grantee to obtain 
such matching funds. 
‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not require any grantee under this part to provide matching funds in an amount that exceeds the amount of the grant award. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall permit grantees under this part to match funds in whole or in part with in- kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider an applicant’s ability to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this part. 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULE.—Entities receiving 
funds under this part shall comply with all existing Federal statutes that prohibit dis-crimination. 
‘‘SEC. 5918. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts appro-
priated to carry out this part for each fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) 85 percent shall be for section 5914, and 
of the funds available for new grants award-ed under such section after the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, not less than 10 percent of such funds shall be made available for local educational agen-cies that satisfy the requirements of— 
‘‘(A) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) 10 percent shall be for section 5915; and ‘‘(3) 5 percent shall be for subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5917, of which not less than $500,000 shall be for technical assistance under section 5917(a).’’. 
SEC. 5012. PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART L—PROMISE NEIGHBORHOODS 
‘‘SEC. 5920. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Promise 
Neighborhoods Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5921. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to signifi-
cantly improve the academic and develop-mental outcomes of children living in our 
Nation’s most distressed communities, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and college and career readiness for such children, and access to a community-based continuum of high-quality services. 
‘‘SEC. 5922. PIPELINE SERVICES DEFINED. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘pipeline services’ 
means a continuum of supports and services for children from birth through college entry, college success, and career attain-ment, including, at a minimum, strategies to address through services or programs (in-cluding integrated student supports) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) High-quality early learning opportuni-
ties. 
‘‘(2) High-quality schools and out-of- 
school-time programs and strategies. 
‘‘(3) Support for a child’s transition to ele-
mentary school, support for a child’s transi-tion from elementary school to middle school, from middle school to high school, and from high school into and through col-lege and into the workforce, including any comprehensive readiness assessment as deemed necessary. 
‘‘(4) Family and community engagement. ‘‘(5) Family and student supports, which 
may be provided within the school building. 
‘‘(6) Activities that support college and ca-
reer readiness. 
‘‘(7) Community-based support for students 
who have attended the schools in the pipe-line, or students who are members of the community, facilitating their continued con-nection to the community and success in col-lege and the workforce. 
‘‘SEC. 5923. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
appropriated to carry out this part, the Sec-retary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to implement a comprehensive, evidence-based continuum of coordinated services that meet the purpose of this part by carrying out the activities in neighborhoods with high concentrations of low-income individuals and multiple signs of distress, which may include poverty, child-hood obesity rates, academic failure, and rates of juvenile delinquency, adjudication, or incarceration, and persistently low- achieving schools or schools with an achieve-ment gap. 
‘‘(2) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
grant awarded under this part shall be of suf-ficient size and scope to allow the eligible entity to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under 
this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years, and may be renewed for an ad-ditional period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTINUED FUNDING .—Continued fund-
ing of a grant under this part, including a grant renewed under subsection (b), after the third year of the grant period shall be con-tingent on the eligible entity’s progress to-ward meeting the performance metrics de-scribed in section 5918(a). 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity re-
ceiving a grant under this part shall con-tribute matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 100 percent of the amount of the grant. Such matching funds shall come from Federal, State, local, and private sources. 
‘‘(2) P
RIVATE SOURCES .—The Secretary 
shall require that a portion of the matching funds come from private sources, which may include in-kind donations. 
‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT .—The Secretary may ad-
just the matching funds requirement for ap-plicants that demonstrate high need, includ-ing applicants from rural areas or applicant that wish to provide services on tribal lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5401 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(e) F INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The 
Secretary may waive or reduce, on a case-by- case basis, the matching requirement de-scribed in subsection (d), including the re-quirement for funds for private sources for a period of 1 year at a time, if the eligible enti-ty demonstrates significant financial hard-ship. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVATION FOR RURAL AREAS .— 
From the amounts appropriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not less than 20 percent for eli-gible entities that propose to carry out the activities described in section 5916 in rural areas. The Secretary shall reduce the amount described in the preceding sentence if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications that are deserving of a grant under this part for such purpose. 
‘‘SEC. 5924. ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘eligible entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965; 
‘‘(2) an Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b); or 
‘‘(3) one or more nonprofit entities working 
in formal partnership with not less than 1 of the following entities: 
‘‘(A) A high-need local educational agency. ‘‘(B) An institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 102 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965. 
‘‘(C) The office of a chief elected official of 
a unit of local government. 
‘‘(D) An Indian tribe or tribal organization, 
as defined under section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
‘‘SEC. 5925. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—At a min-
imum, an application described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A plan to significantly improve the 
academic outcomes of children living in a neighborhood that is served by the eligible entity, by providing pipeline services that address the needs of children in the neigh-borhood, as identified by the needs analysis described in paragraph (4), and supported by evidence-based practices. 
‘‘(2) A description of the neighborhood that 
the eligible entity will serve. 
‘‘(3) Measurable annual goals for the out-
comes of the grant, including performance goals, in accordance with the metrics de-scribed in section 5918(a), for each year of the grant. 
‘‘(4) An analysis of the needs and assets, in-
cluding size and scope of population affected of the neighborhood identified in paragraph (1), including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process through 
which the needs analysis was produced, in-cluding a description of how parents, family, and community members were engaged in such analysis; 
‘‘(B) an analysis of community assets and 
collaborative efforts, including programs al-ready provided from Federal and non-Federal sources, within, or accessible to, the neigh-borhood, including, at a minimum, early learning, family and student supports, local businesses, and institutions of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(C) the steps that the eligible entity is 
taking, at the time of the application, to ad-dress the needs identified in the needs anal-ysis; and ‘‘(D) any barriers the eligible entity, public 
agencies, and other community-based orga-nizations have faced in meeting such needs. 
‘‘(5) A description of all data that the enti-
ty used to identify the pipeline services to be provided and how the eligible entity will col-lect data on children served by each pipeline service and increase the percentage of chil-dren served over time. 
‘‘(6) A description of the process used to de-
velop the application, including the involve-ment of family and community members. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the pipeline serv-
ices will facilitate the coordination of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Providing high-quality early learning 
opportunities for children, including by pro-viding opportunities for families and expect-ant parents to acquire the skills to promote early learning and child development, and ensuring appropriate screening, diagnostic assessments, and referrals for children with disabilities and developmental delays, con-sistent with the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, where applicable. 
‘‘(B) Supporting, enhancing, operating, or 
expanding rigorous and comprehensive evi-dence-based education reforms, which may include high-quality academic programs, ex-panded learning time, and programs and ac-tivities to prepare students for college ad-missions and success. 
‘‘(C) Supporting partnerships between 
schools and other community resources with an integrated focus on academics and other social, health, and familial supports. 
‘‘(D) Providing social, health, nutrition, 
and mental health services and supports, in-cluding referrals for essential healthcare and preventative screenings, for children, family, and community members, which may in-clude services provided within the school building. 
‘‘(E) Supporting evidence-based programs 
that assist students through school transi-
tions, which may include expanding access to college courses for and college enrollment aide or guidance, and other supports for at- risk youth. 
‘‘(8) A description of the strategies that 
will be used to provide pipeline services (in-cluding a description of which programs and services will be provided to children, family members, community members, and children not attending schools or programs operated by the eligible entity or its partner pro-viders) to support the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(9) An explanation of the process the eli-
gible entity will use to establish and main-tain family and community engagement, in-cluding involving representative participa-tion by the members of such neighborhood in the planning and implementation of the ac-tivities of each grant awarded under this part, and the provision of strategies and practices to assist family and community members in actively supporting student achievement and child development, pro-viding services for students, families, and communities within the school building, and collaboration with institutions of higher education, workforce development centers, and employers to align expectations and pro-gramming with college and career readiness. 
‘‘(10) An explanation of how the eligible en-
tity will continuously evaluate and improve the continuum of high-quality pipeline serv-ices to provide for continuous program im-provement and potential expansion. 
‘‘(11) An identification of the fiscal agent, 
which may be any entity described in section 5914 (not including paragraph (2) of such sec-tion). 
‘‘(c) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—An 
eligible entity, as part of the application de-scribed in this section, shall submit a pre-liminary memorandum of understanding, signed by each partner entity or agency. The preliminary memorandum of understanding 
shall describe, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) each partner’s financial and pro-
grammatic commitment with respect to the strategies described in the application, in-cluding an identification of the fiscal agent; 
‘‘(2) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to providing pipeline services that, at a min-imum, accounts for the cost of supporting the continuum of supports and services (in-cluding a plan for how to support services and activities after grant funds are no longer available) and potential changes in local government; 
‘‘(3) each partner’s mission and the plan 
that will govern the work that the partners do together; 
‘‘(4) each partner’s long-term commitment 
to supporting the continuum of supports and services through data collection, moni-toring, reporting, and sharing; and 
‘‘(5) each partner’s commitment to ensure 
sound fiscal management and controls, in-cluding evidence of a system of supports and personnel. 
‘‘SEC. 5926. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to— 
‘‘(1) support planning activities to develop 
and implement pipeline services; 
‘‘(2) implement the pipeline services, as de-
scribed in the application under section 5915; and 
‘‘(3) continuously evaluate the success of 
the program and improve the program based on data and outcomes. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) F UNDS FOR PIPELINE SERVICES .—Each 
eligible entity that receives a grant under this part, for the first and second year of the grant, shall use not less than 50 percent of the grant funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Each eligi-
ble entity that operates a school in a neigh-borhood served by a grant program under this part shall provide such school with the operational flexibility, including autonomy over staff, time, and budget, needed to effec-tively carry out the activities described in the application under section 5915. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PROGRAMS .—Funds 
under this part that are used to improve early childhood education programs shall not be used to carry out any of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Assessments that provide rewards or 
sanctions for individual children or teachers. 
‘‘(B) A single assessment that is used as 
the primary or sole method for assessing pro-gram effectiveness. 
‘‘(C) Evaluating children, other than for 
the purposes of improving instruction, class-room environment, professional develop-ment, or parent and family engagement, or program improvement. 
‘‘SEC. 5927. REPORT AND PUBLICLY AVAILABLE 
DATA. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT .—Each eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Sec-retary, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) information about the number and 
percentage of children in the neighborhood who are served by the grant program, includ-ing a description of the number and percent-age of children accessing each support or service offered as part of the pipeline serv-ices; and 
‘‘(2) information relating to the perform-
ance metrics described in section 5918(a); and 
‘‘(b) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA.—Each eli-
gible entity that receives a grant under this part shall make publicly available, including through electronic means, the information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5402 July 21, 2015 
described in subsection (a). To the extent 
practicable, such information shall be pro-vided in a form and language accessible to parents and families in the neighborhood, and such information shall be a part of state-wide longitudinal data systems. 
‘‘SEC. 5928. PERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY 
AND EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) P ERFORMANCE METRICS .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall collect data on performance indicators of pipeline services and family and student supports and report the results to the Sec-retary, who shall use the results as a consid-eration in continuing grants after the third year and in awarding grant renewals. The in-dicators shall address the entity’s progress toward meeting the goals of this part to sig-nificantly improve the academic and devel-opmental outcomes of children living in our Nation’s most distressed communities from birth through college and career entry, in-cluding ensuring school readiness, high school graduation, and college and career readiness for such children, through the use of data-driven decision making and access to a community-based continuum of high-qual-ity services, beginning at birth. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the implementation and impact of the activities funded under this part, in ac-cordance with section 9601. 
‘‘SEC. 5929. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the amounts appropriated to carry 
out this part for a fiscal year, in addition to the amounts that may be reserved in accord-ance with section 9601, the Secretary may re-serve not more than 8 percent for national activities, which may include research, tech-nical assistance, professional development, dissemination of best practices, and other activities consistent with the purposes of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5930. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND FLEXIBILITY 
SEC. 6001. PURPOSES. 
Title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is amended 
by inserting before part A of title VI, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6001. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this title are— ‘‘(1) to support State and local innovation 
in preparing all students to meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b); 
‘‘(2) to provide States and local edu-
cational agencies with maximum flexibility in using Federal funds provided under this Act; and 
‘‘(3) to support education in rural areas.’’. 
SEC. 6002. IMPROVING ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
Part A of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subparts 1 and 4; (2) by redesignating subpart 2 as subpart 1; (3) by redesignating sections 6121 through 
6123 as sections 6111 through 6113, respec-tively; 
(4) in section 6113, as redesignated by para-
graph (3)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘not more than 50 percent of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and in-serting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(C) Part G of title V.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and sub-
ject to the 50 percent limitation described in paragraph (1)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(ex-
cept’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subpara-graph (C))’’ and inserting ‘‘may transfer all, or any lesser amount, of the funds allocated to it’’; 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B); (III) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); and 
(IV) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated 
by subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and subject to the percentage limitation described in subparagraph (A) or (B), as applicable’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), or 
(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(C) Part G of title V.’’; and (5) by striking subpart 3 and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘Subpart 2—Weighted Student Funding 
Flexibility Pilot Program 
‘‘SEC. 6121. WEIGHTED STUDENT FUNDING FLEXI-
BILITY PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot 
program under this section is to provide local educational agencies with flexibility to consolidate Federal, State, and local funding in order to create a single school funding system based on weighted per-pupil alloca-tions for low-income and otherwise disadvan-taged students. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary may, on a 
competitive basis, enter into local flexibility demonstration agreements— 
‘‘(1) for not more than 2 years with local 
educational agencies that are selected under subsection (c) and submit proposed agree-ments that meet the requirements of sub-section (d); and 
‘‘(2) under which such agencies may con-
solidate and use funds in accordance with subsection (d) in order to develop and imple-ment a school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations for low-in-come and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into local flexibility demonstration agree-ments with not more than 25 local edu-cational agencies, reflecting the size and ge-ographic diversity of all such agencies na-tionwide to the maximum extent feasible. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—Each local educational 
agency shall be selected on a competitive basis from among those local educational agencies that— 
‘‘(A) submit a proposed local flexibility 
demonstration agreement under subsection (d) to the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Secretary that the agreement meets the re-quirements of subsection (d); and 
‘‘(C) agree to meet the continued dem-
onstration requirements under subsection (e). 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIRED TERMS OF LOCAL FLEXI-
BILITY DEMONSTRATION AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION .—Each local educational 
agency that desires to participate in the pilot program under this section shall sub-mit, at such time, in such form, and includ-ing such information as the Secretary may prescribe, an application to enter into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary in order to develop and imple-ment a school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations that meets 
the requirements of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the school funding 
system based on weighted per-pupil alloca-tions, including how the system will meet the requirements under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) a list of funding sources, including eli-
gible Federal funds the local educational agency will include in such system; 
‘‘(C) a description of the amount and per-
centage of total local educational agency funding, including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, that will be allocated through such system; 
‘‘(D) the per-pupil expenditures (including 
actual personnel expenditures, including staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(E) the per-pupil amount of eligible Fed-
eral funds each school served by the agency, disaggregated by program, received in the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the system will 
continue to ensure that any eligible Federal funds allocated through the system will con-tinue to meet the purposes of each Federal funding stream, including serving students from low-income families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are ne-glected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable; 
‘‘(G) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will develop and employ a weighted student funding system to support public elementary schools and secondary schools in order to improve the academic achievement of students, including low-in-come students, the lowest-achieving stu-dents, English learners, and students with disabilities; 
‘‘(H) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency developed and will imple-ment the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, administra-tors of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, parents, civil rights leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
‘‘(I) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will use fiscal control and sound accountability procedures that ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, eligible Federal funds consolidated and used under such system; 
‘‘(J) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will continue to meet the fiscal provisions in section 1117 and the re-quirements under section 9501; and 
‘‘(K) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of all applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consoli-dating and using funds under the agreement. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF SYSTEM .—A local 
educational agency’s school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations shall meet each of the following requirements: 
‘‘(A) The system shall— ‘‘(i) allocate a significant portion of funds, 
including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, to the school level through a formula that determines per-pupil weighted amounts based on individual student characteristics; 
‘‘(ii) use weights or allocation amounts 
that allocate substantially more funding to students from low-income families and English learners than to other students; and 
‘‘(iii) demonstrate to the Secretary that 
each high-poverty school received at least as much total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-in-come students and at least as much total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as the school received in the year prior to carrying out the pilot program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5403 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) The system shall be used to allocate a 
significant portion, including all school-level personnel expenditures for instructional staff and nonpersonnel expenditures, but not less than 65 percent, of all the local edu-cational agency’s local and State funds to schools. 
‘‘(C) After allocating funds through the 
school funding system, the local educational agency shall charge schools for the per-pupil expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, including actual personnel expendi-tures for instructional staff and actual non-personnel expenditures. 
‘‘(D) The system may include weights or 
allocation amounts according to other char-acteristics. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTINUED DEMONSTRATION .—Each 
local educational agency that is selected to participate in the pilot program under this section shall annually— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate to the Secretary that no 
high-poverty school served by the agency re-ceived less total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-income students or less total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners than the school received in the previous year; 
‘‘(2) make public and report to the Sec-
retary the per-pupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment, and actual non-personnel expendi-tures) of State, local, and Federal funds for each school served by the agency, and disaggregated by student poverty quartile and by minority student quartile for the pre-ceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(3) make public the total number of stu-
dents enrolled in each school served by the agency and the number of students enrolled in each such school disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(f) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL FUNDS .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible Federal funds’ means 
funds received by a local educational agency under titles I, II, III, and IV of this Act. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENDITURES .—Each local educational agency 
that has entered into a local flexibility dem-onstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administra-tive purposes, from eligible Federal funds not more than the percentage of funds al-lowed for such purpose under any of titles I, II, III, or IV. 
‘‘(h) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a peer-review process to assist in the review of a proposed local flexibility dem-onstration agreement. 
‘‘(i) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may, 
after providing notice and an opportunity for a hearing (including the opportunity to pro-vide information as provided for in sub-section (j)), terminate a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if there is evidence that the local edu-cational agency has failed to comply with the terms of the agreement and the require-ments under subsections (d) and (e). 
‘‘(j) E
VIDENCE .—If a local educational agen-
cy believes that the Secretary’s determina-tion under subsection (i) is in error for sta-tistical or other substantive reasons, the local educational agency may provide sup-porting evidence to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall consider that evidence before making a final termination determination. 
‘‘(k) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .—From the 
amount reserved for evaluation activities in section 9601, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the rel-evant program office at the Department, evaluate the implementation and impact of the local flexibility demonstration agree-ments under this section, consistent with 
section 9601 and specifically on improving the equitable distribution of State and local funding and increasing student achievement. 
‘‘(l) R
ENEWAL OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY DEM-
ONSTRATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary 
may renew for additional 3-year terms a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if— 
‘‘(1) the local educational agency has met 
the requirements under subsections (d)(2) and (e) and agrees to and has a high likeli-hood of continuing to meet such require-ments; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that renew-
ing the local flexibility demonstration agree-ment is in the interest of students served under titles I and III, including students from low-income families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are ne-glected, delinquent, or at risk. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITION OF HIGH-POVERTY  
SCHOOL .—In this section, the term ‘high-pov-
erty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the per-centage of enrolled students from low-in-come families.’’. 
SEC. 6003. RURAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE. 
Part B of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7341 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 6211— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking sub-
paragraphs (A) through (E) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I. ‘‘(B) Part A of title II. ‘‘(C) Title III. ‘‘(D) Part A or B of title IV. ‘‘(E) Part G of title V.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘7 
or 8, as determined by the Secretary; or’’ and inserting ‘‘41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the local educational agency is a 
member of an educational service agency that does not receive funds under this sub-part and the local educational agency meets the requirements of this part.’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (3) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title II. ‘‘(2) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(3) Part G of Title V.’’; (2) in section 6212— (A) in subsection (a), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (5) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title I. ‘‘(2) Part A of title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(4) Part A or B of title IV. ‘‘(5) Part G of title V.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (3) and (4), the Secretary shall award a grant under subsection (a) to a local educational agency eligible under section 6211(b) for a fiscal year in an amount equal to the initial amount determined under para-graph (2) for the fiscal year minus the total amount received by the agency under the provisions of law described in section 6211(c) for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL DETERMINATION .—For a local 
educational agency that is eligible under section 6211 and is a member of an edu-cational service agency, the Secretary may determine the award amount by subtracting from the initial amount determined under 
paragraph (2), an amount that is equal to that local educational agency’s per-pupil share of the total amount received by the educational service agency under titles II and IV, as long as a determination under this subparagraph would not disproportionately affect any State.’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF INITIAL AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The initial amount re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) is equal to $100 multiplied by the total number of students in excess of 50 students, in average daily at-tendance at the schools served by the local educational agency, plus $20,000, except that the initial amount may not exceed $60,000. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which the amount made available to carry out this part is $252,000,000 or more, subpara-graph (A) shall be applied— 
‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$25,000’ for ‘$20,000’; 
and 
‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$80,000’ for ‘$60,000’.’’; 
and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) H
OLD HARMLESS .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not eligible under this subpart but met the eligibility require-ments under section 6211(b) as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the agency shall receive— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, 75 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; 
‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, 50 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; and 
‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2018, 25 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (3) by striking section 6213 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6213. ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT ASSESS-
MENTS. 
‘‘Each local educational agency that uses 
or receives funds under this subpart for a fis-cal year shall administer an assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(2).’’; 
(4) in section 6221— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘6, 
7, or 8’’ and inserting ‘‘32, 33, 41, 42, or 43’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; 
(5) in section 6222(a), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (7) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Activities authorized under part A of 
title I. 
‘‘(2) Activities authorized under part A of 
title II. 
‘‘(3) Activities authorized under title III. ‘‘(4) Activities authorized under part A of 
title IV. 
‘‘(5) Parental involvement activities. ‘‘(6) Activities authorized under part G of 
title V.’’; 
(6) in section 6223— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘at such 
time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘at such time and in such manner’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include in-formation on— 
‘‘(1) program objectives and outcomes for 
activities under this subpart, including how the State educational agency or specially qualified agency will use funds to help all students meet the challenging State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5404 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) if the State educational agency or spe-
cially qualified agency will competitively award grants to eligible local educational agencies, as described in section 6221(b)(2)(A), the application under the sec-tion shall include— 
‘‘(A) the methods and criteria the State 
educational agency or specially qualified agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to local educational agencies on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) how the State educational agency or 
specially qualified agency will notify eligible 
local educational agencies of the grant com-petition; and 
‘‘(3) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency will provide technical assistance to eligible local educational agencies to help such agen-cies implement the activities described in section 6222.’’; 
(7) in section 6224— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or specially qualified agency’’ after ‘‘Each State educational agency’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) if the report is submitted by a State 
educational agency, the method the State educational agency used to award grants to eligible local educational agencies, and to provide assistance to schools, under this sub-part;’’; and 
(iii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) the degree to which progress has been 
made toward meeting the objectives and out-comes described in the application submitted under section 6223, including having all stu-dents in the State or the area served by the specially qualified agency, as applicable, meet the challenging State academic stand-ards under section 1111(b).’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and (c) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare a summary of the reports under subsection (a) and submit a biennial report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives.’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c); 
(D) in subsection (c), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(2)’’; and 
(E) by striking subsection (e); (8) by inserting after section 6224 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6225. CHOICE OF PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency is eligible for funding under both sub-parts 1 and 2 of this part, such local edu-cational agency may receive funds under ei-ther subpart 1 or subpart 2 for a fiscal year, but may not receive funds under both sub-parts for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—A local educational 
agency eligible for funding under both sub-parts 1 and 2 of this part shall notify the Sec-retary and the State educational agency under which of such subparts the local edu-cational agency intends to receive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is established by the Secretary for the notification.’’; and 
(9) in section 6234, by striking ‘‘$300,000,000 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years,’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021,’’. 
SEC. 6004. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Part C of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7371) is amend-
ed to read as follows: ‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 6301. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
authorize an officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to mandate, direct, or con-trol a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, aca-demic standards and assessments, cur-riculum, or program of instruction, as a con-dition of eligibility to receive funds under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 6302. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON EQUAL-
IZED SPENDING. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
mandate equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
SEC. 6005. REVIEW RELATING TO RURAL LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) review the organization, structure, and 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
(A) assess the methods and manner 
through which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into ac-count, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and characteristics of rural schools and rural local educational agencies; and 
(B) determine actions that the Department 
of Education can take to meaningfully in-crease the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the Department of Education; 
(2) make public a preliminary report con-
taining the information described under paragraph (1) and provide Congress and the public with 60 days to comment on the pro-posed actions under paragraph (1)(B); and 
(3) taking into account comments sub-
mitted under paragraph (2), issue a final re-port to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, which shall describe the final actions developed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) implement each action described in the 
report under subsection (a)(3); or 
(2) provide a written explanation to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives of why the action was not carried out. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
SEC. 7001. INDIAN EDUCATION. 
Part A of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking section 7102 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, In-dian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities— 
‘‘(1) to ensure the academic achievement of 
American Indian and Alaska Native students by meeting their unique cultural, language, and educational needs, consistent with sec-tion 1111; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that American Indian and 
Alaska Native students gain knowledge and understanding of Native communities, lan-guages, tribal histories, traditions, and cul-tures; and ‘‘(3) to ensure that teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and other staff who serve American Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide effective instruction and supports to such students.’’; 
(2) by striking section 7111 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7111. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to sup-
port local educational agencies in developing elementary school and secondary school pro-grams for American Indian and Alaska Na-tive students that are designed to— 
‘‘(1) meet the unique cultural, language, 
and educational needs of such students; and 
‘‘(2) ensure that all students meet the chal-
lenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b).’’; 
(3) in section 7112— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may 
make grants, from allocations made under section 7113, and in accordance with this sec-tion and section 7113, to— 
‘‘(1) local educational agencies; ‘‘(2) Indian tribes; and ‘‘(3) consortia of 2 or more local edu-
cational agencies, Indian tribes, Indian orga-nizations, or Indian community-based orga-nizations, provided that each local edu-cational agency participating in such a con-sortium— 
‘‘(A) provides an assurance that the eligi-
ble Indian children served by such local edu-cational agency receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) is subject to all the requirements, as-
surances, and obligations applicable to local educational agencies under this subpart.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘A local 
educational agency shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (2), a local edu-cational agency shall’’; 
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the 
following: 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—A local 
educational agency may enter into a cooper-ative agreement with an Indian tribe under this subpart if such Indian tribe— 
‘‘(A) represents not less than 25 percent of 
the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) requests that the local educational 
agency enter into a cooperative agreement under this subpart.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) I
NDIAN TRIBES AND INDIAN ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency that is otherwise eligible for a grant under this subpart does not establish a com-mittee under section 7114(c)(4) for such grant, an Indian tribe, an Indian organiza-tion, or a consortium of such entities, that represents more than one-half of the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) U
NAFFILIATED INDIAN TRIBES .—An In-
dian tribe that operates a public school and that is not affiliated with either a local edu-cational agency or the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation shall be eligible to apply for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
treat each Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium of such entities applying for a grant pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) as if such tribe, Indian organization, or consor-tium were a local educational agency for purposes of this subpart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5405 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(B) E XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), such Indian tribe, Indian or-ganization, or consortium shall not be sub-ject to the requirements of subsections (b)(7) or (c)(4) of section 7114 or section 7118(c) or 7119. 
‘‘(4) A
SSURANCE TO SERVE ALL INDIAN CHIL -
DREN .—An Indian tribe, Indian organization, 
or consortium of such entities that is eligi-ble to apply for a grant under paragraph (1) shall include, in the application required under section 7114, an assurance that the en-tity will use the grant funds to provide serv-ices to all Indian students served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If no local educational 
agency pursuant to subsection (b), and no In-dian tribe, Indian organization, or consor-tium pursuant to subsection (c), applies for a grant under this subpart, an Indian commu-nity-based organization serving the commu-nity of the local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULE .—The 
Secretary shall apply the special rule in sub-section (c)(3) to an Indian community-based organization applying or receiving a grant under paragraph (1) in the same manner as such rule applies to an Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED  
ORGANIZATION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘Indian community-based organization’ means any organization that— 
‘‘(A) is composed primarily of Indian par-
ents and community members, tribal govern-ment education officials, and tribal members from a specific community; 
‘‘(B) assists in the social, cultural, and 
educational development of Indians in such community; 
‘‘(C) meets the unique cultural, language, 
and academic needs of Indian students; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrates organizational capacity 
to manage the grant. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency, Indian tribe, or Indian organization that meets the eligibility requirements under this section may form a consortium with other eligible local educational agen-cies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations for the purpose of obtaining grants and oper-ating programs under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In any case where 2 
or more local educational agencies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations that are eligi-ble under subsection (b) form or participate in a consortium to obtain a grant, or operate a program, under this subpart, each local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization participating in such a consor-tium shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, in the application submitted 
under section 7114, an assurance that the eli-gible Indian children served by such local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) agree to be subject to all require-
ments, assurances, and obligations applica-ble to a local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization receiving a grant under this subpart.’’; 
(4) in section 7113— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘I
NDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDIAN  
EDUCATION ’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; 
(5) in section 7114— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Indian 
tribe, or consortia as described in section 7113(b)(2)’’ after ‘‘Each local educational agency,’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘is 
consistent with the State and local plans’’ and inserting ‘‘supports the State, tribal, and local plans’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) includes program objectives and out-
comes for activities under this subpart that are based on the same challenging State aca-demic standards developed by the State under title I for all students;’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) explains how the local educational 
agency, tribe, or consortium will use funds made available under this subpart to supple-ment other Federal, State, and local pro-grams that meet the needs of such stu-dents;’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iv) in paragraph (6)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(bb) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the Indian tribes whose children are 
served by the local educational agency, con-sistent with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) describes the process the local edu-
cational agency used to collaborate with In-dian tribes located in the community in the development of the comprehensive programs and the actions taken as a result of such col-laboration.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the edu-
cation of Indian children,’’ and inserting ‘‘services and activities consistent with those described in this subpart,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘served by such agency;’’ and inserting ‘‘served by such agency, and meet program objectives and outcomes for activities under this subpart; and’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) determine the extent to which such 
activities address the unique cultural, lan-guage, and educational needs of Indian stu-dents;’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)(C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘representatives of Indian 
tribes on Indian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribe has any children in such school,’’ after ‘‘parents of Indian children and teachers,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and family 
members’’ after ‘‘parents’’; 
(bb) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) 
as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) representatives of Indian tribes on In-
dian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribe has any children in such school;’’; 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: ‘‘(B) a majority of whose members are par-
ents and family members of Indian children and representatives of Indian tribes de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii), as applica-ble;’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and 
family members’’ after ‘‘, parents’’; 
(IV) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(V) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) that will determine the extent to 
which the activities of the local educational agency will address the unique cultural, lin-guistic, and educational needs of Indian stu-dents;’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the local educational agency will co-
ordinate activities under this title with other Federal programs supporting edu-cational and related services administered by such agency; 
‘‘(6) the local educational agency con-
ducted outreach to parents and family mem-bers to meet the requirements under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(7) the local educational agency will use 
funds received under this subpart only for activities described and authorized in this subpart.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor the applications for grants under this subpart to identify eligible local educational agencies and schools operated by the Bureau of Indian Education that have not applied for 
such grants, and shall undertake appropriate outreach activities to encourage and assist eligible entities to submit applications for such grants. 
‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall, directly or by contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency or Bureau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance available under other provisions of this Act or available through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the serv-ices and activities provided under this sub-part, including technical assistance for— 
‘‘(1) the development of applications under 
this subpart; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content, and evaluation of activi-ties supported under this subpart; and 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this 
subpart with other educational activities carried out by the local educational agen-cy.’’; 
(6) in section 7115— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘solely for 
the services and activities described in such application’’ after ‘‘under section 7114(a)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘to be re-
sponsive to the unique learning styles of In-dian and Alaska Native children’’ after ‘‘In-dian students’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) P
ARTICULAR ACTIVITIES .—The services 
and activities referred to in subsection (a) may include— 
‘‘(1) activities that support Native Amer-
ican language programs and Native Amer-ican language restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
‘‘(2) culturally related activities that sup-
port the program described in the applica-tion submitted by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(3) high-quality early childhood and fam-
ily programs that emphasize school readi-ness; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5406 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(4) enrichment programs that focus on 
problem solving and cognitive skills develop-ment and directly support the attainment of challenging State academic standards de-scribed in 1111(b); 
‘‘(5) integrated educational services in 
combination with other programs that meet the needs of Indian children and their fami-lies, including programs that promote paren-tal involvement in school activities and in-crease student achievement; 
‘‘(6) career preparation activities to enable 
Indian students to participate in programs such as the programs supported by the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, including programs for tech-prep education, mentoring, and apprenticeship; 
‘‘(7) activities to educate individuals so as 
to prevent violence, suicide, and substance abuse; 
‘‘(8) the acquisition of equipment, but only 
if the acquisition of the equipment is essen-tial to achieve the purpose described in sec-tion 7111; 
‘‘(9) activities that promote the incorpora-
tion of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational pro-gram of the local educational agency; 
‘‘(10) family literacy services; ‘‘(11) activities that recognize and support 
the unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children, and incorporate appro-priately qualified tribal elders and seniors; and 
‘‘(12) dropout prevention strategies and 
strategies to— 
‘‘(A) meet the educational needs of at-risk 
Indian students in correctional facilities; and 
‘‘(B) support Indian students who are 
transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the local educational agency identifies 
in its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will provide bene-fits to Indian students.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Funds 
provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for long-distance travel expenses for training activities available locally or re-gionally.’’; 
(7) in section 7116— (A) in subsection (g)— (i) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior,’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘and coordination’’ after 
‘‘providing for the implementation’’; and 
(B) in subsection (o)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 2 years after date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, and every 5 years thereafter,’’; and 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall identify— 
‘‘(A) any statutory barriers to the ability 
of participants to more effectively integrate their education and related services to In-dian students in a manner consistent with the objectives of this section; and 
‘‘(B) the effective practices for program in-
tegration that result in increased student achievement, graduation rates, and other 
relevant outcomes for Indian students.’’; 
(8) in section 7117— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or 
membership’’ after ‘‘the enrollment’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
membership’’ after ‘‘the enrollment’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) D
OCUMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-
mining whether a child is eligible to be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant award under section 7113, the membership of the child, or any parent or grandparent of the child, in a tribe or band of Indians (as so defined) may be estab-lished by proof other than an enrollment number, notwithstanding the availability of an enrollment number for a member of such tribe or band. Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to require the furnishing of an enrollment number. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW OR DUPLICATE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Once a child is determined to be an 
Indian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local educational agency shall maintain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate deter-mination to be made for such child for a sub-sequent application for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY FILED FORMS .—An Indian 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 and that met the re-quirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student.’’; 
(C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘Bureau 
of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall, directly or through contract, provide technical assistance to a local edu-cational agency or Bureau of Indian Edu-cation school upon request, in addition to any technical assistance available under sec-tion 1114 or available through the Institute of Education Sciences, to support the serv-ices and activities described under this sec-tion, including for the— 
‘‘(1) development of applications under this 
section; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content of activities, and evalua-tion of activities supported under this sub-part; 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this 
title with other educational activities estab-lished by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(4) coordination of activities under this 
title with programs administered by each Federal agency providing grants for the pro-vision of educational and related services and sharing of best practices.’’; 
(9) in section 7118, by striking subsection 
(c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION OF PAYMENT FOR FAILURE  
TOMAINTAIN FISCAL EFFORT .—Each local 
educational agency shall maintain fiscal ef-fort in accordance with section 9521 or be subject to reduced payments under this sub-part in accordance with such section 9521.’’; 
(10) in section 7121— (A) by striking the section header and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7121. IMPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OP-
PORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHIL-DREN AND YOUTH.’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)— 
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Alaska Native children’’; 
(C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Indian 
institution (including an Indian institution of higher education)’’ and inserting ‘‘a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965)’’; 
(D) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘disadvantaged children’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘such children’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’; 
(IV) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’ both places the term appears; 
(V) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(G) high-quality early childhood edu-
cation programs that are effective in pre-paring young children to be making suffi-cient academic progress by the end of grade 3, including kindergarten and prekinder-garten programs, family-based preschool programs that emphasize school readiness, and the provision of services to Indian chil-dren with disabilities;’’; and 
(VI) in subparagraph (L)— (aa) by striking ‘‘appropriately qualified 
tribal elders and seniors’’ and inserting ‘‘tra-ditional leaders’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘and youth’’ after ‘‘In-
dian children’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Profes-
sional development’’ and inserting ‘‘High- quality professional development’’; 
(E) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘make a 
grant payment for a grant described in this paragraph to an eligible entity after the ini-tial year of the multiyear grant only if the Secretary determines’’ and inserting ‘‘award grants for an initial period of not more than 3 years and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Sec-retary determines’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)(B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘parents of In-
dian children’’ and inserting ‘‘parents and family of Indian children’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘information 
demonstrating that the proposed program for the activities is a scientifically based re-search program’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence demonstrating that the proposed program is an evidence-based program’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTINUATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, a grantee that is carrying out activities pursuant to a grant awarded under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 may continue to carry out such activities after such date of enact-ment under such grant in accordance with the terms of such grant award.’’; 
(11) in section 7122— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
URPOSES ’’ and inserting ‘‘P URPOSE ’’; 
(ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The purposes of this section are’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this sec-tion is’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘individ-
uals in teaching or other education profes-sions that serve Indian people’’ and inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native teachers and administra-tors serving Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (2)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and support’’ after ‘‘to 
provide training’’; 
(II) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5407 July 21, 2015 
(III) by striking ‘‘teachers, administrators, 
teacher aides’’ and inserting ‘‘effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, ad-ministrators, teacher aides, counselors’’; 
(IV) by striking ‘‘ancillary educational 
personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized in-structional support personnel’’; and 
(V) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (v) in paragraph (3)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; and 
(II) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to develop and implement initiatives 
to promote retention of effective teachers, principals, and school leaders who have a record of success in helping low-achieving Indian or Alaska Native students improve their academic achievement, outcomes, and preparation for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsec-ondary remediation.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘including 
an Indian institution of higher education’’ and inserting ‘‘including a Tribal College or University, as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘in a con-
sortium with at least one Tribal College or University, as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, where fea-sible’’ before the period at the end; 
(C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘purposes’’ and inserting 
‘‘purpose’’; and 
(II) by striking the second sentence and in-
serting ‘‘Such activities may include—’’ 
‘‘(A) continuing education programs, 
symposia, workshops, and conferences; 
‘‘(B) teacher mentoring programs, profes-
sional guidance, and instructional support provided by educators, local tribal elders, or cultural experts, as appropriate for teachers during their first 3 years of employment as teachers; 
‘‘(C) direct financial support; and ‘‘(D) programs designed to train tribal el-
ders and cultural experts to assist those per-sonnel referenced in subsection (a)(2), as ap-propriate, with relevant Native language and cultural mentoring, guidance, and support.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) C
ONTINUATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, a grantee that is carrying out activities pursuant to a grant awarded under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 may continue to carry out such activities under such grant in ac-cordance with the terms of that award.’’; 
(D) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information, as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. At a minimum, an applica-tion under this section shall describe how the eligible entity will— 
‘‘(1) recruit qualified Indian or Alaska Na-
tive individuals, such as students who may not be of traditional college age, to become teachers, principals, or school leaders; 
‘‘(2) use funds made available under the 
grant to support the recruitment, prepara-tion, and professional development of Indian or Alaska Native teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high proportion of Indian or Alaska Native stu-
dents; and 
‘‘(3) assist participants in meeting the re-
quirements under subsection (h).’’; 
(E) in subsection (f)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by clause (i), the following: 
‘‘(1) may give priority to tribally chartered 
and federally chartered institutions of high-er education;’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
clause (i), by striking ‘‘basis of’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘basis of the length of any period for which the eligible entity has received a grant.’’; 
(F) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) G
RANT PERIOD .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for an additional period of not more than 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’; and 
(G) in subsection (h)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘people’’ and inserting ‘‘students in a local educational agency that serves a high pro-portion of Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents’’; 
(12) by striking section 7135 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7135. GRANTS TO TRIBES FOR EDUCATION 
ADMINISTRATIVE PLANNING, DE-VELOPMENT, AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may 
award grants under this section to eligible applicants to enable the eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(1) promote tribal self-determination in 
education; 
‘‘(2) improve the academic achievement of 
Indian children and youth; and 
‘‘(3) promote the coordination and collabo-
ration of tribal educational agencies with State and local educational agencies to meet the unique educational and culturally re-lated academic needs of Indian students. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—In this section, 
the term ‘eligible applicant’ means— 
‘‘(A) an Indian tribe or tribal organization 
approved by an Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(B) a tribal educational agency. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means a federally recognized tribe or a State-recognized tribe. 
‘‘(3) T
RIBAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The 
term ‘tribal educational agency’ means the agency, department, or instrumentality of an Indian tribe that is primarily responsible for supporting tribal students’ elementary and secondary education. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary may 
award grants to— 
‘‘(1) eligible applicants described under 
subsection (b)(1)(A) to plan and develop a tribal educational agency, if the tribe or or-ganization has no current tribal educational agency, for a period of not more than 1 year; and 
‘‘(2) eligible applicants described under 
subsection (b)(1)(B), for a period of not more than 3 years, in order to— 
‘‘(A) directly administer education pro-
grams, including formula grant programs under this Act, consistent with State law and under a written agreement between the parties; 
‘‘(B) build capacity to administer and co-
ordinate such education programs, and to improve the relationship and coordination between such applicants and the State edu-cational agencies and local educational agencies that educate students from the tribe; ‘‘(C) receive training and support from the 
State educational agency and local edu-cational agency, in areas such as data collec-tion and analysis, grants management and monitoring, fiscal accountability, and other areas as needed; 
‘‘(D) train and support the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy in areas related to tribal history, lan-guage, or culture; 
‘‘(E) build on existing activities or re-
sources rather than replacing other funds; and 
‘‘(F) carry out other activities, subject to 
the approval of the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible applicant 
desiring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, containing such infor-mation, and consistent with such criteria, as the Secretary may reasonably prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
in paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement describing the activities 
to be conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; 
‘‘(B) a description of the method to be used 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the activi-ties for which assistance is sought and for 
determining whether such objectives are achieved; and 
‘‘(C) for applications for activities under 
subsection (c)(2), evidence of— 
‘‘(i) a preliminary agreement with the ap-
propriate State educational agency, 1 or more local educational agencies, or both the State educational agency and a local edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) existing capacity as a tribal edu-
cational agency. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may ap-
prove an application submitted by an eligi-ble applicant under this subsection only if the Secretary is satisfied that such applica-tion, including any documentation sub-mitted with the application— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates that the eligible appli-
cant has consulted with other education en-tities, if any, within the territorial jurisdic-tion of the applicant that will be affected by the activities to be conducted under the grant; 
‘‘(B) provides for consultation with such 
other education entities in the operation and evaluation of the activities conducted under the grant; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrates that there will be ade-
quate resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activi-ties for which assistance is sought. 
‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A tribe may not receive 
funds under this section if such tribe re-ceives funds under section 1140 of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1978. 
‘‘(2) D
IRECT SERVICES .—No funds under this 
section may be used to provide direct serv-ices. 
‘‘(f) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
under this section shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of tribal students.’’; 
(13) in section 7141(b)(1), by inserting ‘‘and 
the Secretary of the Interior’’ after ‘‘advise the Secretary’’; 
(14) in section 7151, by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(4) T
RADITIONAL LEADERS .—The term ‘tra-
ditional leaders’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2902).’’; and 
(15) in section 7152— (A) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$96,400,000 for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 suc-ceeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.041 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5408 July 21, 2015 
sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b) by striking 
‘‘$24,000,000 for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 suc-ceeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 7002. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION. 
Part B of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7511 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 7202, by striking paragraphs 
(14) through (21); 
(2) by striking section 7204 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7204. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL. 
‘‘(a) G RANT AUTHORIZED .—In order to bet-
ter effectuate the purposes of this part through the coordination of educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including those programs that receive funding under this part, the Sec-retary shall award a grant to the education council described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
DUCATION COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive 
the grant under subsection (a), the council shall be an education council (referred to in this section as the ‘Education Council’) that meets the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Education Council 
shall consist of 15 members, of whom— 
‘‘(A) 1 shall be the President of the Univer-
sity of Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(B) 1 shall be the Governor of the State of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(C) 1 shall be the Superintendent of the 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
‘‘(D) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Office 
of Hawaiian Affairs (or a designee); 
‘‘(E) 1 shall be the executive director of Ha-
waii’s Charter School Network (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(F) 1 shall be the chief executive officer of 
the Kamehameha Schools (or a designee); 
‘‘(G) 1 shall be the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Queen Liliuokalani Trust (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(H) 1 shall be a member, selected by the 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grant-making enti-ty; 
‘‘(I) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(J) 1 shall be the Mayor of Maui County 
(or a designee from the Island of Maui); 
‘‘(K) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Kauai (or a designee); 
‘‘(L) 1 shall be appointed by the Mayor of 
Maui County from the Island of Molokai or the Island of Lanai; 
‘‘(M) 1 shall be the Mayor of the City and 
County of Honolulu (or a designee); 
‘‘(N) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waiian Homes Commission (or a designee); and 
‘‘(O) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waii Workforce Development Council (or a designee representing the private sector). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any designee serving 
on the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who ap-pointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or pro-vider of Native Hawaiian educational or cul-tural activities, with traditional cultural ex-perience given due consideration. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A member (including a 
designee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a direct recipient or ad-ministrator of grant funds that are awarded under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
ERM OF MEMBERS .—A member who is 
a designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. ‘‘(6) C
HAIR; VICE CHAIR .— 
‘‘(A) S ELECTION .—The Education Council 
shall select a Chairperson and a Vice-Chair-person from among the members of the Edu-cation Council. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM LIMITS .—The Chairperson and 
Vice-Chairperson shall each serve for a 2- year term. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING  
TO EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Coun-
cil shall meet at the call of the Chairperson of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
‘‘(8) N
O COMPENSATION .—None of the funds 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COORDINATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through a grant under subsection (a) to carry out each of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing advice about the coordina-
tion of, and serving as a clearinghouse for, the educational and related services and pro-grams available to Native Hawaiians, includ-ing the programs assisted under this part. 
‘‘(2) Assessing the extent to which such 
services and programs meet the needs of Na-tive Hawaiians, and collecting data on the status of Native Hawaiian education. 
‘‘(3) Providing direction and guidance, 
through the issuance of reports and rec-ommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, re-lating to Native Hawaiian education, and serving, where appropriate, in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) Awarding grants, if such grants enable 
the Education Council to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) through (3). 
‘‘(5) Hiring an executive director, who shall 
assist in executing the duties and powers of the Education Council, as described in sub-section (d). 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through a grant under subsection (a) to— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to Native 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
‘‘(2) obtain from such grantees information 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
meeting the educational priorities estab-lished by the Education Council, as described in paragraph (6)(D), using metrics related to these priorities; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
carrying out any of the activities described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 7205(a) that are related to the specific goals and pur-poses of each grantee’s grant project, using metrics related to these priorities; 
‘‘(3) assess and define the educational 
needs of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(4) assess the programs and services avail-
able to address the educational needs of Na-tive Hawaiians; 
‘‘(5) assess and evaluate the individual and 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian edu-cational performance and meeting the goals of this part, using metrics related to these goals; and ‘‘(6) prepare and submit to the Secretary, 
at the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities of the 
Education Council during the calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a description of significant barriers to 
achieving the goals of this part; 
‘‘(C) a summary of each community con-
sultation session described in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(D) recommendations to establish prior-
ities for funding under this part, based on an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the educational needs of Native Hawai-
ians; 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to ad-
dress such needs; 
‘‘(iii) the effectiveness of programs in im-
proving the educational performance of Na-tive Hawaiian students to help such students meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(iv) priorities for funding in specific geo-
graphic communities. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COMMUNITY CON-
SULTATIONS .—The Education Council shall 
use funds made available through the grant under subsection (a) to hold not less than 1 community consultation each year on each of the islands of Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, and Kauai, at which— 
‘‘(1) not less than 3 members of the Edu-
cation Council shall be in attendance; 
‘‘(2) the Education Council shall gather 
community input regarding— 
‘‘(A) current grantees under this part, as of 
the date of the consultation; 
‘‘(B) priorities and needs of Native Hawai-
ians; and 
‘‘(C) other Native Hawaiian education 
issues; and 
‘‘(3) the Education Council shall report to 
the community on the outcomes of the ac-tivities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary shall use the amount described in section 7205(c)(2), to make a payment under the grant. Funds made available through the grant shall remain available until ex-pended.’’; 
(3) in section 7205— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) charter schools; and’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding 5 fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(4) in section 7207— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (7), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by subparagraph (A), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY CONSULTATION .—The term 
‘community consultation’ means a public gathering— 
‘‘(A) to discuss Native Hawaiian education 
concerns; and 
‘‘(B) about which the public has been given 
not less than 30 days notice.’’. 
SEC. 7003. ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION. 
Part C of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7541 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 7302, by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (7) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5409 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(1) It is the policy of the Federal Govern-
ment to maximize the leadership of and par-ticipation by Alaska Native peoples in the planning and the management of Alaska Na-tive education programs and to support ef-forts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all students. 
‘‘(2) Many Alaska Native children enter 
and exit school with serious educational dis-advantages. 
‘‘(3) Overcoming the magnitude of the geo-
graphic challenges, historical inequities, and other barriers to successfully improving edu-cational outcomes for Alaska Native stu-dents in rural, village, and urban settings is challenging. Significant disparities between academic achievement of Alaska Native stu-dents and non-Native students continues, in-cluding lower graduation rates, increased school dropout rates, and lower achievement 
scores on standardized tests. 
‘‘(4) The preservation of Alaska Native cul-
tures and languages and the integration of Alaska Native cultures and languages into education, positive identity development for Alaska Native students, and local, place- based, and culture-based programming are critical to the attainment of educational success and the long-term well-being of Alas-ka Native students. 
‘‘(5) Improving educational outcomes for 
Alaska Native students increases access to employment opportunities. 
‘‘(6) The programs and activities author-
ized under this part should be led by Alaska Native entities as a means of increasing Alaska Native parent and community in-volvement in the promotion of academic suc-cess of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(7) The Federal Government should lend 
support to efforts developed by and under-taken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alas-ka Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive edu-cational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor oper-ate or fund Alaska Native education pro-grams. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives.’’; 
(2) in section 7303— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ad-
dress’’ after ‘‘To recognize’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (4) and paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) To recognize the role of Alaska Native 
languages and cultures in the educational success and long-term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(3) To integrate Alaska Native cultures 
and languages into education, develop Alas-ka Native students’ positive identity, and support local place-based and culture-based curriculum and programming.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘of supple-mental educational programs to benefit Alaska Natives.’’ and inserting ‘‘, manage-ment, and expansion of effective educational programs to benefit Alaska Native peoples.’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) To ensure the maximum participation 
by Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, management, and evaluation of programs de-signed to serve Alaska Native students, and to ensure that Alaska Native tribes and trib-al organizations play a meaningful role in providing supplemental educational services to Alaska Native students.’’; (3) by striking section 7304 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7304. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, any of the fol-lowing to carry out the purposes of this part: 
‘‘(A) Alaska Native tribes, Alaska Native 
tribal organizations, or Alaska Native re-gional nonprofit corporations with experi-ence operating programs that fulfill the pur-poses of this part. 
‘‘(B) Alaska Native tribes, Alaska Native 
tribal organizations, or Alaska Native re-gional nonprofit corporations without such experience that are in partnership with— 
‘‘(i) a State educational agency or a local 
educational agency; or 
‘‘(ii) Indian tribes, tribal organizations, or 
Alaska Native regional nonprofit corpora-tions that operate programs that fulfill the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(C) An entity located in Alaska, and pre-
dominately governed by Alaska Natives, that does not meet the definition of an Alas-ka Native tribe, an Alaska Native tribal or-ganization, or an Alaska Native regional nonprofit corporation, under this part, pro-vided that the entity— 
‘‘(i) has experience operating programs 
that fulfill the purposes of this part; and 
‘‘(ii) is granted an official charter or sanc-
tion, as prescribed in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native tribal organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTI-YEAR AWARDS .—The recipient of 
a multi-year award under this part, as this part was in effect prior to the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, shall be eligible to receive continuation funds in accordance with the terms of that award. 
‘‘(3) M
ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development and implementation 
of plans, methods, strategies and activities to improve the educational outcomes of Alaska Native peoples. 
‘‘(B) The collection of data to assist in the 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(4) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development of curricula and pro-
grams that address the educational needs of Alaska Native students, including the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Curriculum materials that reflect the 
cultural diversity, languages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(ii) Instructional programs that make use 
of Alaska Native languages and cultures. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and dis-
seminate best practices and introduce suc-cessful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Na-tive students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(iv) Methods to evaluate teachers’ inclu-
sion of diverse Alaska Native cultures in their lesson plans. 
‘‘(B) Training and professional develop-
ment activities for educators, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Pre-service and in-service training and 
professional development programs to pre-pare teachers to develop appreciation for and understanding of Alaska Native history, cul-tures, values, and ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alas-ka Native students and incorporate them into lesson plans and teaching methods. ‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of 
teachers who are Alaska Native. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the cer-
tification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, other school leaders, and superintendents. 
‘‘(C) Early childhood and parenting edu-
cation activities designed to improve the school readiness of Alaska Native children, including— 
‘‘(i) the development and operation of 
home visiting programs for Alaska Native preschool children, to ensure the active in-volvement of parents in their children’s edu-cation from the earliest ages; 
‘‘(ii) training, education, and support, in-
cluding in-home visitation, for parents and caregivers of Alaska Native children to im-prove parenting and caregiving skills (in-cluding skills relating to discipline and cog-nitive development, reading readiness, obser-vation, storytelling, and critical thinking); 
‘‘(iii) family literacy services; ‘‘(iv) activities carried out under the Head 
Start Act; 
‘‘(v) programs for parents and their in-
fants, from the prenatal period of the infant through age 3; 
‘‘(vi) early childhood education programs; 
and 
‘‘(vii) Native language immersion within 
early childhood, Head Start, or preschool programs. 
‘‘(D) The development and operation of 
student enrichment programs, including those in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that— 
‘‘(i) are designed to prepare Alaska Native 
students to excel in such subjects; 
‘‘(ii) provide appropriate support services 
to enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
‘‘(iii) include activities that recognize and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children and incor-porate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
‘‘(E) Research and data collection activi-
ties to determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and adults and other such research and evaluation ac-tivities related to programs funded under this part. 
‘‘(F) Activities designed to increase Alaska 
Native students’ graduation rates and assist Alaska Native students to be prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remedi-ation, such as— 
‘‘(i) remedial and enrichment programs; ‘‘(ii) culturally based education programs 
such as— 
‘‘(I) programs of study and other instruc-
tion in Alaska Native history and ways of living to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Native peoples among Alaska Na-tive youth and elders, non-Native students and teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instructing Alaska Native youth in 
leadership, communication, and Native cul-ture, arts, and languages; 
‘‘(III) inter-generational learning and in-
ternship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
‘‘(IV) cultural immersion activities; ‘‘(V) culturally informed curricula in-
tended to preserve and promote Alaska Na-tive culture; 
‘‘(VI) Native language instruction and im-
mersion activities; 
‘‘(VII) school-within-a-school model pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(VIII) college preparation and career 
planning; and 
‘‘(iii) holistic school or community-based 
support services to enable such students to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5410 July 21, 2015 
benefit from the supplemental programs of-
fered, including those that address family in-stability, school climate, trauma, safety, and nonacademic learning. 
‘‘(G) The establishment or operation of Na-
tive language immersion nests or schools. 
‘‘(H) Student and teacher exchange pro-
grams, cross-cultural immersion programs, and culture camps designed to build mutual respect and understanding among partici-pants. 
‘‘(I) Education programs for at-risk urban 
Alaska Native students that are designed to improve academic proficiency and gradua-tion rates, utilize strategies otherwise per-missible under this part, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous eval-uation component. 
‘‘(J) Strategies designed to increase par-
ents’ involvement in their children’s edu-cation. 
‘‘(K) Programs and strategies that provide 
technical assistance and support to schools and communities to engage adults in pro-moting the academic progress and overall well-being of Alaska Native people, such as through— 
‘‘(i) strength-based approaches to child and 
youth development; 
‘‘(ii) positive youth-adult relationships; 
and 
‘‘(iii) improved conditions for learning 
(school climate, student connection to 
school and community), and increased con-nections between schools and families. 
‘‘(L) Career preparation activities to en-
able Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, includ-ing programs providing tech-prep, men-toring, training, and apprenticeship activi-ties. 
‘‘(M) Provision of operational support and 
purchasing of equipment, to develop regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska, including boarding schools, for Alaska Na-tive students in grades 9 through 12, or at higher levels of education, to provide the students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
‘‘(N) Regional leadership academies that 
demonstrate effectiveness in building respect and understanding, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity to promote their pur-suit of and success in completing higher edu-cation or career training. 
‘‘(O) Other activities, consistent with the 
purposes of this part, to meet the edu-cational needs of Alaska Native children and adults. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’; 
(4) by striking section 7305 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7305. FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE PUR-
POSES. 
‘‘Not more than 5 percent of funds provided 
to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes.’’; and 
(5) in section 7306— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(43 
U.S.C. 1602(b)) and includes the descendants of individuals so defined’’ after ‘‘Settlement Act’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
LASKA NATIVE TRIBE .—The term 
‘Alaska Native tribe’ has the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), except that the term applies only to Indian tribes in Alaska. 
‘‘(3) A
LASKA NATIVE TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘Alaska Native tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term ‘tribal orga-
nization’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act, (25 U.S.C. 450b), except that the term applies only to tribal organizations in Alaska. 
‘‘(4) A
LASKA NATIVE REGIONAL NONPROFIT  
CORPORATION .—The term ‘Alaska Native re-
gional nonprofit corporation’ means an orga-nization listed in clauses (i) through (xii) of section 419(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 619(4)(B)(i)-(xii)), or the successor of an entity so listed.’’. 
SEC. 7004. NATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE IMMER-
SION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401) is further amend-
ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA 
NATIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 7401. NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA NA-
TIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-
tion are— 
‘‘(1) to establish a grant program to sup-
port schools that use Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary lan-guage of instruction; 
‘‘(2) to maintain, protect, and promote the 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
‘‘(3) to support the Nation’s First Peoples’ 
efforts to maintain and revitalize their lan-guages and cultures, and to improve student outcomes within Native American and Alas-ka Native communities. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts made 
available to carry out this part, the Sec-retary may award grants to eligible entities to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support schools, in-cluding prekindergarten through postsec-ondary education sites and streams, using Native American and Alaska Native lan-guages as the primary language of instruc-
tion. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this section, 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, pro-grams that support the entity’s use of Native American or Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction: 
‘‘(A) An Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
‘‘(C) A tribal education agency. ‘‘(D) A local educational agency, including 
a public charter school that is a local edu-cational agency under State law. 
‘‘(E) A school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Education. 
‘‘(F) An Alaska Native Regional Corpora-
tion (as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). 
‘‘(G) A private, tribal, or Alaska Native 
nonprofit organization. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require, including the following: 
‘‘(A) The name of the Native American or 
Alaska Native language to be used for in-struction at the school supported by the eli-gible entity. 
‘‘(B) The number of students attending 
such school. 
‘‘(C) The number of present hours of in-
struction in or through 1 or more Native American or Alaska Native languages being 
provided to targeted students at such school, if any. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the applicant 
will— 
‘‘(i) use the funds provided to meet the pur-
poses of this part; 
‘‘(ii) implement the activities described in 
subsection (f); 
‘‘(iii) ensure the implementation of rig-
orous academic content; and 
‘‘(iv) ensure that students progress towards 
high-level fluency goals. 
‘‘(E) Information regarding the school’s or-
ganizational governance or affiliations, in-cluding information about— 
‘‘(i) the school governing entity (such as a 
local educational agency, tribal education agency or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing en-tity); 
‘‘(ii) the school’s accreditation status; ‘‘(iii) any partnerships with institutions of 
higher education; and 
‘‘(iv) any indigenous language schooling 
and research cooperatives. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that— ‘‘(i) the school is engaged in meeting State 
or tribally designated proficiency levels for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
‘‘(ii) the school provides assessments of 
students using the Native American or Alas-ka Native language of instruction, where possible; 
‘‘(iii) the qualifications of all instructional 
and leadership personnel at such school is sufficient to deliver high-quality education through the Native American or Alaska Na-tive language used in the school; and 
‘‘(iv) the school will collect and report to 
the public data relative to student achieve-ment and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsecondary education or job training programs, of students who are enrolled in the school’s programs. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
give a priority in awarding grants under this part based on the information described in paragraph (1)(E). 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
is a public elementary school or secondary school (including a public charter school) or a non-tribal for-profit or nonprofit organiza-tion shall submit, along with the application requirements described in paragraph (1), a certification described in subparagraph (B) indicating that the school has the capacity to provide education primarily through a Na-tive American or Alaska Native language and that there are sufficient speakers of the target language at the school or available to be hired by the school. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be from one of the following entities, on whose land the school is located, that is an entity served by such school, or that is an entity whose mem-bers (as defined by that entity) are served by the school: 
‘‘(i) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
‘‘(ii) A federally recognized Indian tribe or 
tribal organization. 
‘‘(iii) An Alaska Native Regional Corpora-
tion or an Alaska Native nonprofit organiza-tion. 
‘‘(iv) A Native Hawaiian organization. 
‘‘(d) A
WARDING OF GRANTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) determine the amount of each grant 
and the duration of each grant, which shall not exceed 3 years; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5411 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(2) ensure, to the maximum extent fea-
sible, that diversity in languages is rep-resented. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a grant under this section shall use such funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Supporting Native American or Alas-
ka Native language education and develop-ment. 
‘‘(B) Providing professional development 
for teachers and, as appropriate, staff and administrators to strengthen the overall lan-guage and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
‘‘(C) Carrying out other activities that pro-
mote the maintenance and revitalization of the Native American or Alaska Native lan-guage relevant to the grant program. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion may use such funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Developing or refining curriculum, in-
cluding teaching materials and activities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) Creating or refining assessments writ-
ten in the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction that measure stu-dent proficiency and that are aligned with State or tribal academic standards. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall provide an annual report to the Sec-retary in such form and manner as the Sec-retary may require. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 7005. IMPROVING INDIAN STUDENT DATA 
COLLECTION, REPORTING, AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Edu-cation, the Secretary of the Interior, and 
tribal communities, shall carry out a study that examines the following: 
(1) The representation, at the time of the 
study, of Indian students in national, State, local, and tribal educational reporting re-quired by law. 
(2) The varying ways that individuals are 
identified as American Indian and Alaska Native (for example, such as through self-re-porting or tribal enrollment records) at the time of the study, by national, State, local, and tribal educational reporting systems, and the impact that such variation has on data analysis or statistical trend com-parability across such systems. 
(3) How reporting of data within the Indian 
student population can be improved to facili-tate comparisons between— 
(A) Indian students living in urban and 
rural settings; 
(B) Indian students living in tribal commu-
nities, areas with large Indian populations, and in areas with a low percentage of Indian population; and 
(C) any other classifications that the 
Comptroller General determines are signifi-cant. 
(4) The timeliness of Indian student record 
transfer between schools and other entities or individuals who may receive student records in accordance with the requirements of section 444 of the General Education Pro-visions Act ((20 U.S.C.1232g); commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) The effectiveness and usefulness for pa-
rental, student, Federal, State, tribal, and local educational stakeholders of the find-ings and structure of the National Indian Education Study conducted by the National Center for Education Statistics in conjunc-tion with the National Assessment of Edu-
cational Progress described under section 303 of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9622). 
(6) Any other areas of Indian student data 
collection, reporting, and analysis, as deter-mined by the Comptroller General. 
(b) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) R ECIPIENTS .—The Comptroller General 
shall prepare and submit reports setting forth the conclusions of the study described in subsection (a), in accordance with sub-section (c), to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(C) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) F
UTURE LEGISLATION .—The Comptroller 
General shall include in the reports de-scribed in subsection (b) recommendations to inform future legislation regarding the col-lection, reporting, and analysis of Indian student data. 
(c) T
IMEFRAME .—The Comptroller General 
shall— 
(1) submit not less than 1 report addressing 
1 or more of the areas identified in para-graphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) not later than 18 months after the enactment of this section; and 
(2) submit any other reports necessary to 
address the areas identified in paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) not later than 5 years after the enactment of this section. 
SEC. 7006. REPORT ON ELEMENTARY AND SEC-
ONDARY EDUCATION IN RURAL OR POVERTY AREAS OF INDIAN COUN-TRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall con-duct a study regarding elementary and sec-ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country. 
(b) R
EPORT .—By not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall pre-pare and submit to Congress a report on the study described in subsection (a) that— 
(1) includes the findings of the study; (2) identifies barriers to autonomy that In-
dian tribes have within elementary schools and secondary schools funded or operated by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
(3) identifies recruitment and retention op-
tions for highly effective teachers and school administrators for elementary school and secondary schools in rural or poverty areas of Indian country; 
(4) identifies the limitations in funding 
sources and flexibility for such schools; and 
(5) provides strategies on how to increase 
high school graduation rates in such schools, 
in order to increase the high school gradua-tion rate for students at such schools. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘sec-ondary school’’ shall have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘Indian 
country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. 
(3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SEC. 7007. REPORT ON RESPONSES TO INDIAN 
STUDENT SUICIDES. 
(a) P REPARATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation, in coordination with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare a report on ef-forts to address outbreaks of suicides among elementary school and secondary school stu-dents (referred to in this section as ‘‘student suicides’’) that occurred within 1 year prior to the date of enactment of this Act in In-dian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include in-
formation on— 
(A) the Federal response to the occurrence 
of high numbers of student suicides in Indian country (as so defined); 
(B) a list of Federal resources available to 
prevent and respond to outbreaks of student suicides, including the availability and use of tele-behavioral health care; 
(C) any barriers to timely implementation 
of programs or interagency collaboration re-garding student suicides; 
(D) interagency collaboration efforts to 
streamline access to programs regarding stu-dent suicides, including information on how the Department of Education, the Depart-ment of the Interior, and the Department of Health and Human Services work together on administration of such programs; 
(E) recommendations to improve or con-
solidate resources or programs described in subparagraph (B) or (D); and 
(F) feedback from Indian tribes to the Fed-
eral response described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit the re-port described in subsection (a) to the appro-priate committees of Congress. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
SEC. 8001. PURPOSE. 
Section 8001 (20 U.S.C. 7701) is amended in 
the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘the same challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 8002. AMENDMENT TO IMPACT AID IM-
PROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
Section 563(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1748; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
SEC. 8003. PAYMENTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 8002 (20 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) S PECIAL RULE .—In the case of Federal 
property eligible under this section that is within the boundaries of 2 or more local edu-cational agencies that are eligible under this section, any of such agencies may ask the Secretary to calculate (and the Secretary shall calculate) the taxable value of the eli-gible Federal property that is within its boundaries by— 
‘‘(i) first calculating the per-acre value of 
the eligible Federal property separately for each eligible local educational agency that shared the Federal property, as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(ii) then averaging the resulting per-acre 
values of the eligible Federal property from each eligible local educational agency that shares the Federal property; and 
‘‘(iii) then applying the average per-acre 
value to determine the total taxable value of the eligible Federal property under subpara-graph (A)(iii) for the requesting local edu-cational agency.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(2), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘For each fiscal year be-ginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5412 July 21, 2015 
shall treat local educational agencies char-
tered in 1871 having more than 70 percent of the county in Federal ownership as meeting the eligibility requirements of subpara-graphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(1). For each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary shall treat local edu-cational agencies that serve a county char-tered or formed in 1734 having more than 24 percent of the county in Federal ownership as meeting the eligibility requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(1).’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Beginning with fiscal 
year 2015, a local educational agency shall be deemed to meet the requirements of sub-section (a)(1)(C) if the agency was eligible under paragraph (1) or (3) of this subsection, as such subsection was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015.’’; 
(4) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ‘‘For 
each local educational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the Im-pact Aid Improvement Act of 2012 is en-acted’’ and inserting ‘‘For each local edu-cational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 or any succeeding fiscal year’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (k); and (6) by redesignating subsections (l), (m), 
and (n), as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively. 
SEC. 8004. PAYMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE FEDERALLY 
CONNECTED CHILDREN. 
Section 8003 (20 U.S.C. 7703) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘to 
be children’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or under lease of off-base property under subchapter 
IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, to be children described under para-graph (1)(B), if the property described is—’’ 
‘‘(i) within the fenced security perimeter of 
the military facility; or 
‘‘(ii) attached to, and under any type of 
force protection agreement with, the mili-tary installation upon which such housing is situated.;’’. 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (E); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (B) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A heavily impacted local 
educational agency is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) with respect to a number of children de-termined under subsection (a)(1) if the agen-cy— 
‘‘(I) is a local educational agency— ‘‘(aa) whose boundaries are the same as a 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 45 percent; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is 
less than— 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or ‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that— ‘‘(AA) has a tax rate for general fund pur-
poses that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State; or 
‘‘(BB) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this subsection for fiscal year 2013 and is located in a State that by State law has eliminated ad valorem tax as a revenue for local educational agencies; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has a tax rate for general fund pur-
poses which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund pur-poses for comparable local educational agen-cies in the State; and 
‘‘(bb)(AA) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 30 percent; or 
‘‘(BB) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 20 percent, and for the 3 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made, the average enrollment of children who are not described in subsection (a)(1) and who are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 65 percent; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that 
has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 50 percent are children 
described in subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,000 of such children 
are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(V) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) including, for purposes of determining eligibility, those children described in subparagraphs (F) and (G) of such subsection, that is not less than 35 percent of the total student enrollment of the agency; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is 
less than the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located 
or the average per-pupil expenditure of all States (whichever average per-pupil expendi-ture is greater), except that a local edu-cational agency with a total student enroll-ment of less than 350 students shall be deemed to have satisfied such per-pupil ex-penditure requirement, and has a tax rate for general fund purposes which is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(cc) was eligible to receive assistance 
under subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘(ii) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), 
a heavily impacted local educational agency that met the requirements of clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) if the agency fails to meet the require-ments of clause (i) for a subsequent fiscal year, except that such agency shall continue to receive a basic support payment under this paragraph for the fiscal year for which the ineligibility determination is made. 
‘‘(II) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
BELOW 95 PERCENT OF THE AVERAGE TAX RATE  FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A), but that has had, for 2 consecutive fiscal years, a tax rate for general fund purposes that falls below 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State, such agen-cy shall be determined to be ineligible under clause (i) and ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) for each fiscal year succeeding such 2 consecu-tive fiscal years for which the agency has such a tax rate for general fund purposes, and until the fiscal year for which the agen-cy resumes such eligibility in accordance with clause (iii). 
‘‘(III) T
AKEN OVER BY STATE BOARD OF EDU -
CATION .—In the case of a heavily impacted 
local educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under sub-paragraph (A), but that has been taken over by a State board of education in 2 previous years, such agency shall be deemed to main-tain heavily impacted status for 2 fiscal years following the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(iii) R
ESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—A heav-
ily impacted local educational agency de-scribed in clause (i) that becomes ineligible under such clause for 1 or more fiscal years may resume eligibility for a basic support payment under this paragraph for a subse-quent fiscal year only if the agency meets the requirements of clause (i) for that subse-quent fiscal year, except that such agency shall not receive a basic support payment under this paragraph until the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the eli-gibility determination is made. 
‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR HEAVILY IM -
PACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (D), the maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency is eligible to receive under this para-graph for any fiscal year is the sum of the total weighted student units, as computed under subsection (a)(2) and subject to clause (ii), multiplied by the greater of— 
‘‘(I) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of the State in which the local educational agency is located for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made; or 
‘‘(II) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of all of the States for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made. 
‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION OF WEIGHTED STUDENT  
UNITS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—For a local educational 
agency in which 35 percent or more of the total student enrollment of the schools of the agency are children described in subpara-graph (D) or (E) (or a combination thereof) of subsection (a)(1), and that has an enrollment of children described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of such subsection equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enroll-ment, the Secretary shall calculate the weighted student units of those children de-scribed in subparagraph (D) or (E) of such subsection by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 0.55. 
‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding item 
(aa), a local educational agency that re-ceived a payment under this paragraph for fiscal year 2013 shall not be required to have an enrollment of children described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enrollment and shall be eligible for the student weight as provided for in item (aa). 
‘‘(II) E
NROLLMENT OF 100 OR FEWER CHIL -
DREN .—For a local educational agency that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5413 July 21, 2015 
has an enrollment of 100 or fewer children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall calculate the total number of weighted student units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 1.75. 
‘‘(III) E
NROLLMENT OF MORE THAN 100 CHIL -
DREN BUT LESS THAN 1000 .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not described under subparagraph (B)(i)(I) and has an enrollment of more than 100 but not more than 1,000 children described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall calculate the total number of weighted student units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 1.25. 
‘‘(D) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR LARGE HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency described in sub-clause (II) is eligible to receive under this paragraph for any fiscal year shall be deter-mined in accordance with the formula de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(II) H
EAVILY IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY .—A heavily impacted local edu-
cational agency described in this subclause is a local educational agency that has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which not less than 50 percent are children described in subsection (a)(1) and not less than 5,000 of such children are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(ii) F
ACTOR .—For purposes of calculating 
the maximum amount described in clause (i), the factor used in determining the weighted student units under subsection (a)(2) with re-spect to children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1) shall be 1.35. 
‘‘(E) D
ATA.—For purposes of providing as-
sistance under this paragraph the Secretary shall use student, revenue, expenditure, and tax data from the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the local edu-cational agency is applying for assistance under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) D
ETERMINATION OF AVERAGE TAX RATES  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), for the purpose of determining the average tax rates for general fund pur-poses for local educational agencies in a State under this paragraph, the Secretary shall use either— 
‘‘(I) the average tax rate for general fund 
purposes for comparable local educational agencies, as determined by the Secretary in regulations; or 
‘‘(II) the average tax rate of all the local 
educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEARS 2010 –2015.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2010 
through 2015, any local educational agency that was found ineligible to receive a pay-ment under subparagraph (A) because the Secretary determined that it failed to meet the average tax rate requirement for general fund purposes in subparagraph (B)(i)(II)(cc)(AA), shall be considered to have met that requirement, if its State deter-mined, through an alternate calculation of average tax rates for general fund purposes, that such local educational agency met that requirement. 
‘‘(II) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS AFTER  
2015.—For any succeeding fiscal year after 
2015, any local educational agency identified in subclause (I) may continue to have its State use that alternate methodology to cal-culate whether the average tax rate require-ment for general fund purposes under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II)(cc)(AA) is met. 
‘‘(III) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal 
year after 2012, the Secretary shall reserve an amount equal to a total of $14,000,000 from funds that remain unobligated under this section from fiscal years 2013 or 2014 in order to make payments under this clause for fis-cal years 2011 through 2014. 
‘‘(G) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AFFECTED BY  
PRIVATIZATION OF MILITARY HOUSING .— 
‘‘(i) E LIGIBILITY .—For any fiscal year, a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that received a basic support payment under this paragraph for the prior fiscal year, but is ineligible for such payment for the current fiscal year under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D), as the case may be, due to of the conver-sion of military housing units to private housing described in clause (iii), or as the di-rect result of base realignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Sec-retary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation, shall be deemed to meet the eligibility requirements under subpara-graph (B) or (C), as the case may be, for the period during which the housing units are undergoing such conversion or during such time as activities associated with base clo-sure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are on-going. 
‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The amount of 
a payment to a heavily impacted local edu-cational agency for a fiscal year by reason of the application of clause (i), and calculated in accordance with subparagraph (C) or (D), as the case may be, shall be based on the number of children in average daily attend-ance in the schools of such agency for the fiscal year and under the same provisions of subparagraph (C) or (D) under which the agency was paid during the prior fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONVERSION OF MILITARY HOUSING  
UNITS TO PRIVATE HOUSING DESCRIBED .—For 
purposes of clause (i), ‘conversion of military housing units to private housing’ means the conversion of military housing units to pri-vate housing units pursuant to subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, or pursuant to any other related provi-sion of law.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational 
agency providing a free public education to students enrolled in kindergarten through grade 12, that enrolls students described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of subsection (a)(1) only in grades 9 through 12, and that received a final payment in fiscal year 2009 
calculated under this paragraph (as this paragraph was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015) for students in grades 9 through 12, the Secretary shall, in calcu-lating the agency’s payment, consider only that portion of such agency’s total enroll-ment of students in grades 9 through 12 when calculating the percentage under clause (i)(I) and only that portion of the total current ex-penditures attributed to the operation of grades 9 through 12 in such agency when cal-culating the percentage under clause (i)(II).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E) of paragraph (2),’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of para-graph (2)’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) R
ATABLE DISTRIBUTION .—For fiscal 
years described in subparagraph (A), for which the sums available exceed the amount required to pay each local educational agen-cy 100 percent of its threshold payment, the Secretary shall distribute the excess sums to each eligible local educational agency that has not received its full amount computed 
under paragraphs (1) or (2) (as the case may be) by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) a percentage, the denominator of 
which is the difference between the full amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for all local educational agencies and the amount of the threshold payment (as calculated under subparagraphs (B) and (C)) of all local educational agencies, and the numerator of which is the aggregate of the excess sums, by 
‘‘(ii) the difference between the full 
amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for the agency and the amount of the threshold payment (as cal-culated under subparagraphs (B) or (C)) of the agency, except that no local educational agency shall receive more than 100 percent of the maximum payment calculated under subparagraphs (C) or (D) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) I
NSUFFICIENT PAYMENTS .—For each fis-
cal year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums appropriated are insufficient to pay each local educational agency all of the local educational agency’s threshold pay-ment described in subparagraph (B), the Sec-retary shall ratably reduce the payment to each local educational agency under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) P
ROVISION OF TAX RATE AND RESULTING  
PERCENTAGE .—The Secretary shall provide 
the local educational agency’s tax rate and the resulting percentage to each eligible local educational agency immediately fol-lowing the payments of funds under para-graph (2).’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (C) or (D)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Calculation of payments 
for a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
‘‘(A) is newly established by a State, for 
the first year of operation of such agency only; 
‘‘(B) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in en-rollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Interior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent, or 100 stu-
dents, of children described in— 
‘‘(I) subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of 
subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(II) subparagraphs (F) and (G) of sub-
section (a)(1), but only to the extent such children are civilian dependents of employ-ees of the Department of Defense or the De-partment of Interior; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or 
realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or move-ments of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
‘‘(C) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent of children 
described in subsection (a)(1) or not less than 100 of such children; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure 
of a local educational agency that received a payment under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the previous fiscal year.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5414 July 21, 2015 
(A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘CHILDREN ’’ and inserting ‘‘S TUDENTS ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘children’’ 
both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘students’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘children’’ 
and inserting ‘‘students’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any local 
educational agency whose payment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year is determined to be reduced by an amount greater than $5,000,000 or by 20 percent, as compared to the amount received for the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall, subject to subpara-graph (B), pay a local educational agency, for each of the 3 years following the reduc-tion under subsection (b), the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—Subject to 
subparagraph (C), a local educational agency described in subparagraph (A) shall receive— 
‘‘(i) for the first year for which the reduced 
payment is determined, an amount that is not less than 90 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the fiscal year prior to the reduction (re-ferred to in this paragraph as the ‘base year’); 
‘‘(ii) for the second year following such re-
duction, an amount that is not less than 85 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the base year; and 
‘‘(iii) for the third year following such re-
duction, an amount that is not less than 80 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the base year. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which a local educational agency would be subject to a reduced payment under clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (B), but the total amount of the payment for which the local educational agency is eligible under sub-section (b) for that fiscal year is greater than the amount that initially subjected the local educational agency to the require-ments of this subsection, the Secretary shall pay the greater amount to the local edu-cational agency for such year.’’; and 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); and 
(6) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 8005. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES RELAT-
ING TO CHILDREN RESIDING ON IN-DIAN LANDS. 
Section 8004(e)(9) (20 U.S.C. 7704(e)(9)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’. 
SEC. 8006. APPLICATION FOR PAYMENTS UNDER 
SECTIONS 8002 AND 8003. 
Section 8005 (20 U.S.C. 7705) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, and shall contain such information,’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) S
TUDENT COUNT .—In collecting infor-
mation to determine the eligibility of a local educational agency and the number of feder-ally connected children for the local edu-cational agency, the Secretary shall, in addi-tion to any options provided under section 222.35 of title 34, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or a successor regulation, allow a local educational agency to count the number of such children served by the agency as of the date by which the agency requires all stu-dents to register for the school year of the fiscal year for which the application is 
filed.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’ each place the term appears. 
SEC. 8007. CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 8007 (20 U.S.C. 7707(b)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (I) by redesignating the first subclause (II) 
as subclause (I); and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 8014(e)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘section 8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C)(i)(I), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(cc) Not less than 10 percent of the prop-
erty in the agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking subpara-
graph (F). 
SEC. 8008. FACILITIES. 
Section 8008(a) (20 U.S.C. 7708) is amended 
by striking ‘‘section 8014(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(e)’’. 
SEC. 8009. STATE CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENTS 
IN PROVIDING STATE AID. 
Section 8009(c)(1)(B) (20 U.S.C. 7709(c)(1)(B)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘and contain the in-formation’’. 
SEC. 8010. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 8013(5)(A) (20 U.S.C. 7713(5)(A)) is 
amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking subclause (III) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(III) conveyed at any time under the Alas-
ka Native Claims Settlement Act to a Native individual, Native group, or village or re-gional corporation (including single family occupancy properties that may have been subsequently sold or leased to a third party), except that property that is conveyed under such Act— 
‘‘(aa) that is not taxed is, for the purposes 
of this paragraph, considered tax-exempt due to Federal law; and 
‘‘(bb) is considered Federal property for the 
purpose of this paragraph if the property is located within a Regional Educational At-tendance Area’’; and 
(2) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘Stewart 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
(B) by striking subclause (III) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(III) used for affordable housing assisted 
under the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); or’’. 
SEC. 8011. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 8014 (20 U.S.C. 7714) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$32,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking 
‘‘$809,400,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking 
‘‘$50,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven 
succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(5) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$10,052,000 for fis-cal year 2000 and such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2001, $150,000,000 for fis-cal year 2002, and such sums as may be nec-essary for each of the five succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(6) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for fis-cal year 2000 and such sums as may be nec-essary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 9101. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 9101 (20 U.S.C. 7801) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (3), (19), (23), 
(35), (36), (37), and (42); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (17), 
(18), (20), (21), (22),(24), (25), (26), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (32), (33), (34), (38), (39), (41), and (43) as paragraphs (2), (3), (20), (21), (26), (27), (28), (30), (22), (31), (32), (34), (35), (36), (38), (39), (40), (41), (43), (44), (47) and (48), respectively, and by transferring such paragraph (22), as so redesignated, so as to follow such paragraph (21), as so redesignated; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(1) 4-
YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUATION  
RATE .—The term ‘4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate’ has the meaning given the term ‘four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate’ in section 200.19(b)(1) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008.’’; 
(4) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(11) C
ORE ACADEMIC SUBJECTS .—The term 
‘core academic subjects’ means English, reading or language arts, writing, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, for-eign languages, civics and government, eco-nomics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, career and technical edu-cation, health, and physical education, and any other subject as determined by the State or local educational agency.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (13)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B), (E), (G), 
and (K); 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), 
(D), (F), (H), (I), (J), and (L), as subpara-graphs (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), and (I), re-spectively; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (G), as 
redesignated by subparagraph (B), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(H) part G of title V; and’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(17) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT .— 
The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment’ means a course or program provided by an institution of higher education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a regular high school di-ploma is able to earn postsecondary credit. 
‘‘(18) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education 
program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(19) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘early college high school’ means a for-mal partnership between at least one local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5415 July 21, 2015 
educational agency and at least one institu-
tion of higher education that allows partici-pants to simultaneously complete require-ments toward earning a regular high school diploma and earn not less than 12 transfer-able credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary degree or cre-dential at no cost to the participant or par-ticipant’s family.’’. 
(7) in paragraph (22), as redesignated and 
moved by paragraph (2)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ENGLISH LEARNER ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘limited English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learner’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking 
‘‘State’s proficient level of achievement on State assessments described in section 1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State 
academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1)’’; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (22), as 
transferred and redesignated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(23) E
VIDENCE -BASED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to an activity, means an activity that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrates a statistically signifi-
cant effect on improving student outcomes or other relevant outcomes based on— 
‘‘(I) strong evidence from at least 1 well- 
designed and well-implemented experimental study; 
‘‘(II) moderate evidence from at least 1 
well-designed and well-implemented quasi- experimental study; or 
‘‘(III) promising evidence from at least 1 
well-designed and well-implemented correla-tional study with statistical controls for se-lection bias; or 
‘‘(ii)(I) demonstrates a rationale that is 
based on high-quality research findings that such activity is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) includes ongoing efforts to examine 
the effects of such activity. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION FOR PART A OF TITLE I .— 
For purposes of part A of title I, the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to an activity, means an activity that meets the requirements of subclause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (A)(i). 
‘‘(24) E
XPANDED LEARNING TIME .—The term 
‘expanded learning time’ means using a longer school day, week, or year schedule to significantly increase the total number of school hours, in order to include additional time for— 
‘‘(A) instruction and enrichment in core 
academic subjects, other academic subjects, and other activities that contribute to a well-rounded education; and 
‘‘(B) instructional and support staff to col-
laborate, plan, and engage in professional de-velopment (including professional develop-ment on family and community engagement) within and across grades and subjects. 
‘‘(25) E
XTENDED -YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT  
GRADUATION RATE .—The term ‘extended-year 
adjusted cohort graduation rate’ has the meaning given the term in section 200.19(b)(1)(v) of title 34, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, as such section was in effect on No-vember 28, 2008.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (28), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(29) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ 
means a secondary school that— 
‘‘(A) grants a diploma, as defined by the 
State; and 
‘‘(B) includes, at least, grade 12.’’; (10) in paragraph (31), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), in subparagraph (C)— (A) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-
ing ‘‘BIA’’ and inserting ‘‘BIE’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’; 
(11) by inserting after paragraph (32), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(33) M
ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .— 
The term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evi-dence-based, system-wide practices to sup-port a rapid response to academic and behav-ioral needs, with frequent data-based moni-toring for instructional decisionmaking.’’; 
(12) in paragraph (35), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional sup-port’’; 
(13) in paragraph (36), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘includes the free-ly associated states’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting 
‘‘includes the Republic of Palau except dur-ing any period for which the Secretary deter-mines that a Compact of Free Association is in effect that contains provisions for edu-cation assistance prohibiting the assistance provided under this Act.’’; 
(14) by inserting after paragraph (36), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(37) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-
professional’, also known as a ‘paraeducator’, includes an education assist-ant and instructional assistant.’’. 
(15) in paragraph (39), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1118’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1115’’; 
(16) by striking paragraph (41), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2), and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(41) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The 
term ‘professional development’ means ac-tivities that— 
‘‘(A) are an integral part of school and 
local educational agency strategies for pro-viding educators (including teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, paraprofes-sionals, and, as applicable, early childhood educators) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in the core academic subjects and to meet chal-lenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(B) are sustained (not stand-alone, 1-day, 
or short term workshops), intensive, collabo-rative, job-embedded, data-driven, class-room-focused, and may include activities that— 
‘‘(i) improve and increase teachers’— ‘‘(I) knowledge of the academic subjects 
the teachers teach; 
‘‘(II) understanding of how students learn; 
and 
‘‘(III) ability to analyze student work and 
achievement from multiple sources, includ-ing how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; 
‘‘(ii) are an integral part of broad 
schoolwide and districtwide educational im-provement plans; 
‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each edu-
cator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; 
‘‘(iv) improve classroom management 
skills; 
‘‘(v) support the recruiting, hiring, and 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(vi) advance teacher understanding of— ‘‘(I) effective instructional strategies that 
are evidence-based; and 
‘‘(II) strategies for improving student aca-
demic achievement or substantially increas-ing the knowledge and teaching skills of 
teachers; 
‘‘(vii) are aligned with, and directly related 
to academic goals of the school or local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(viii) are developed with extensive par-
ticipation of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as applicable), and administra-tors of schools to be served under this Act; 
‘‘(ix) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren who are English learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowl-edge and skills to provide instruction and ap-propriate language and academic support services to those children, including the ap-
propriate use of curricula and assessments; 
‘‘(x) to the extent appropriate, provide 
training for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the use of technology (in-cluding education about the harms of copy-right piracy), so that technology and tech-nology applications are effectively used in the classroom to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and academic sub-jects in which the teachers teach; 
‘‘(xi) as a whole, are regularly evaluated 
for their impact on increased teacher effec-tiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the eval-uations used to improve the quality of pro-fessional development; 
‘‘(xii) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren with disabilities or children with devel-opmental delays, and other teachers and in-structional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services, to those children, including posi-tive behavioral interventions and supports, multi-tiered systems of supports, and use of accommodations; 
‘‘(xiii) include instruction in the use of 
data and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; 
‘‘(xiv) include instruction in ways that 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
‘‘(xv) involve the forming of partnerships 
with institutions of higher education, includ-ing, as applicable, Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c (b)), to establish school-based teacher, prin-cipal, and other school leader training pro-grams that provide prospective teachers, novice teachers, principals, and other school leaders with an opportunity to work under the guidance of experienced teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, and faculty of such institutions; 
‘‘(xvi) create programs to enable para-
professionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving as-sistance under part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofes-sionals to become certified and licensed teachers; 
‘‘(xvii) provide follow-up training to teach-
ers who have participated in activities de-scribed in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
‘‘(xviii) where applicable and practical, 
provide jointly for school staff and other early childhood education program pro-viders, to address the transition to elemen-tary school, including issues related to school readiness.’’; 
(17) by inserting after paragraph (41), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(42) S
CHOOL LEADER .—The term ‘school 
leader’ means a principal, assistant prin-cipal, or other individual who is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5416 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(A) an employee or officer of an elemen-
tary school or secondary school, local edu-cational agency, or other entity operating an elementary school or secondary school; and 
‘‘(B) responsible for the daily instructional 
leadership and managerial operations in the elementary school or secondary school build-ing.’’; 
(18) by inserting after paragraph (44), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(45) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL ; SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUP -
PORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instruc-
tional support personnel’ means — 
‘‘(i) school counselors, school social work-
ers, and school psychologists; and 
‘‘(ii) other qualified professional personnel, 
such as school nurses, speech language pa-thologists, and school librarians involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other nec-essary services (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the In-dividuals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a comprehensive program to meet student needs. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instruc-
tional support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel.’’; 
(19) by inserting after paragraph (48), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(49) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .— 
The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965.’’; and 
(20) by striking the undesignated para-
graph between paragraphs (45), as added by paragraph (18), and (47), as redesignated by paragraph (2), and inserting the following: 
‘‘(46) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
‘‘(47) M
IDDLE GRADES .—The term middle 
grades means any of grades 5 through 8.’’. 
SEC. 9102. APPLICABILITY TO BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION OPERATED SCHOOLS. 
Section 9103 (20 U.S.C. 7803) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ BU-
REAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ BU-
REAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 9102A. CONSOLIDATION OF STATE ADMINIS-
TRATIVE FUNDS FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 9201(b)(2) (20 U.S.C. 7821 (b)(2)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) implementation of fiscal support 
teams that provide technical fiscal support assistance, which shall include evaluating fiscal, administrative, and staffing func-tions, and any other key operational func-tion.’’. 
SEC. 9102B. CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 9203(d) (20 U.S.C. 7823(d)) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) U SES OF ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that consolidates administrative funds under this section may use the consoli-dated funds for the administration of the programs and for uses, at the school district and school levels, comparable to those de-scribed in section 9201(b)(2). ‘‘(2) F
ISCAL SUPPORT TEAMS .—A local edu-
cational agency that uses funds as described in 9201(b)(2)(I) may contribute State or local funds to expand the reach of such support without violating any supplement, not sup-plant requirement of any program contrib-uting administrative funds.’’. 
SEC. 9103. CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 9203(b) (20 U.S.C. 7823(b)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, a State’’ and inserting ‘‘A State’’. 
SEC. 9104. RURAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN. 
Section 9305 (20 U.S.C. 7845) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R URAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Two or more eligible 
local educational agencies, a consortium of eligible local educational service agencies, or an educational service agency on behalf of eligible local educational agencies may sub-mit plans or applications for 1 or more cov-ered programs to the State educational agen-cy on a consolidated basis, if each eligible local educational agency impacted elects to participate in the joint application or elects to allow the educational service agency to apply on its behalf. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—For the purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘eligible local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that is an eligible local educational agency under part B of title VI.’’. 
SEC. 9105. WAIVERS OF STATUTORY AND REGU-
LATORY REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 9401 (20 U.S.C. 7861) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY STATE OR IN -
DIAN TRIBE .—A State educational agency or 
Indian tribe that receives funds under a pro-gram authorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any stat-utory or regulatory requirement of this Act. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND  
SCHOOL REQUESTS SUBMITTED THROUGH THE  
STATE .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—A local educational agen-
cy that receives funds under a program au-thorized under this Act and desires a waiver of any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act shall submit a request containing the information described in subsection (b)(1) to the appropriate State educational agency. The State educational agency may then submit the request to the Secretary if the State educational agency determines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY SCHOOL .—An 
elementary school or secondary school that desires a waiver of any statutory or regu-latory requirement of this Act shall submit a request containing the information de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) to the local edu-cational agency serving the school. The local educational agency may then submit the re-quest to the State educational agency in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A) if the local educational agency determines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(3) R
ECEIPT OF WAIVER .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b)(4) or (c), the Sec-retary may waive any statutory or regu-latory requirement of this Act for which a waiver request is submitted to the Secretary pursuant to this subsection.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘, local educational agen-
cy,’’ and inserting ‘‘, acting on its own behalf or on behalf of a local educational agency in 
accordance with subsection (a)(2),’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, which shall include a 
plan’’ after ‘‘to the Secretary’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) describes the methods the State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will use to monitor and regu-larly evaluate the effectiveness of the imple-mentation of the plan; 
‘‘(D) includes only information directly re-
lated to the waiver request on how the State educational agency, local educational agen-cy, or Indian tribe will maintain and im-prove transparency in reporting to parents and the public on student achievement and school performance, including the achieve-ment of students according to each category of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking 
‘‘(on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies)’’ and inserting ‘‘(on behalf of those agencies or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local edu-cational agencies in the State)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘or on behalf of local educational agencies in the State under subsection (a)(2),’’ after ‘‘acting on its own behalf,’’; and 
(II) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘all interested local edu-
cational agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘any inter-ested local educational agency’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent that the 
request impacts the local educational agen-cy’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘re-
viewed by the State educational agency’’ and inserting ‘‘reviewed and approved by the State educational agency in accordance with subsection (a)(2) before being submitted to the Secretary’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) W
AIVER DETERMINATION , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND REVISION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
issue a written determination regarding the approval or disapproval of a waiver request not more than 90 days after the date on which such request is submitted, unless the Secretary determines and demonstrates that— 
‘‘(i) the waiver request does not meet the 
requirements of this section; or 
‘‘(ii) the waiver is not permitted under sub-
section (c). 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER DETERMINATION AND REVI -
SION.—If the Secretary determines and dem-
onstrates that the waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) immediately— ‘‘(I) notify the State educational agency, 
local educational agency (through the State educational agency), or Indian tribe, as ap-plicable, of such determination; and 
‘‘(II) provide detailed reasons for such de-
termination in writing and in a public man-ner, such as posting to the Department’s website in a clear and easily accessible man-ner; 
‘‘(ii) offer the State educational agency, 
local educational agency (through the State educational agency), or Indian tribe an op-portunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request by a date that is not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the 
resubmission does not meet the require-ments of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, conduct a public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.042 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5417 July 21, 2015 
hearing not more than 30 days after the date 
of such resubmission. 
‘‘(C) W AIVER DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary 
may disapprove a waiver request if— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency, local 
educational agency, or Indian tribe has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request, as de-scribed under clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local 
educational agency (through the State edu-cational agency), or Indian tribe— 
‘‘(I) does not revise and resubmit the waiv-
er request; or 
‘‘(II) revises and resubmits the waiver re-
quest, and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the re-quirements of this section after a hearing conducted under subparagraph (B)(iii). 
‘‘(D) E
XTERNAL CONDITIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not disapprove a waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver request.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘subpart 1 
of part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title V’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘sub-
sections (a) and (b) of section 1113’’ and in-sert ‘‘section 1113(a)’’ both places the term appears; 
(4) in subsection (d)— 
(A) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘; 
L
IMITATIONS ’’ after ‘‘W AIVER ’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not place any requirements on a State educational agency, local educational agen-cy, or Indian tribe as a condition, criterion, or priority for the approval of a waiver re-quest, unless such requirements are— 
‘‘(A) otherwise requirements under this 
Act; and 
‘‘(B) directly related to the waiver re-
quest.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—A State educational agen-
cy, local educational agency, or Indian tribe receiving a waiver under this section shall describe, as part of, and pursuant to, the re-quired annual reporting under section 1111(d)— 
‘‘(1) the progress of schools covered under 
the provisions of such waiver toward improv-ing the quality of instruction to students and increasing student academic achieve-ment; and 
‘‘(2) how the use of the waiver has contrib-
uted to such progress.’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘if the 
Secretary determines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘if, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) presents substantial evidence that 
clearly demonstrates that the waiver is not contributing to the progress of schools de-scribed in subsection (e)(1); or 
‘‘(B) determines that the waiver is no 
longer necessary to achieve its original pur-poses.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) E
FFECT OF ENACTMENT OF ECAA ON 
WAIVER REQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any requirement or con-
dition of any waiver agreement entered into by a State, local educational agency, or In-dian tribe with the Secretary, as authorized under this section, between September 23, 2011, and the day before the effective date of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 shall be void and have no force of law if such require-ment or condition is not otherwise a require-ment or condition under this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (1) shall be construed as voiding any waiver granted by the Secretary under 
this section before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 that is not voided under paragraph (1), which shall remain in effect for the period of time speci-fied under the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 9106. PLAN APPROVAL PROCESS. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating parts E and F as parts 
F and G, respectively; 
(2) in section 9573— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development (Head Start) serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood edu-cation programs’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES ’’ and inserting 
‘‘EDUCATION PROGRAMS ’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘development (Head Start) 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘education pro-grams’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
section 4001(5), in paragraph (3), by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) such other matters as justice may re-
quire.’’; and 
(3) by inserting after section 9401 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘PART E—APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL 
OF STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICA-TIONS 
‘‘SEC. 9451. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EEMED APPROVAL .—A plan submitted 
by a State pursuant to section 2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302 shall be deemed to be ap-proved by the Secretary unless— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary makes a written deter-
mination, prior to the expiration of the 90- day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the plan, that the plan is not in compliance with section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, respectively; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary presents substantial evi-
dence that clearly demonstrates that such State plan does not meet the requirements of section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, respec-tively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove a plan submitted under section 2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the Secretary finds 
that the plan is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, as applicable, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of such 
determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific provisions of the plan that the Sec-retary determines fail to meet the require-ments, in whole or in part, of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the State an opportunity to re-
vise and resubmit its plan within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the State to present substantial evidence to clearly demonstrate that the State plan meets the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State to meet the requirements of such sec-tion or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of the plan’s resubmission under sub-paragraph (C), with public notice provided not less than 15 days before such hearing, un-less a State declines the opportunity for such public hearing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. ‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, and resubmits the plan with the requested information described in para-graph (2)(C), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such plan prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the plan is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 90-day period de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency does not respond to the Secretary’s notification described in para-graph (2)(A) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the State edu-cational agency received the notification, such plan shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(c) P
EER-REVIEW REQUIREMENTS .—Not-
withstanding any other requirements of this part, the Secretary shall ensure that any portion of a consolidated State plan that is related to part A of title I is subject to the peer-review process described in section 1111(a)(3). 
‘‘SEC. 9452. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AP-PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a local educational agency pur-suant to section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305, shall be deemed to be approved by the State edu-cational agency unless— 
‘‘(1) the State educational agency makes a 
written determination, prior to the expira-tion of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the application, that the applica-tion is not in compliance with section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, respectively; and 
‘‘(2) the State presents substantial evi-
dence that clearly demonstrates that such application does not meet the requirements of section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, respec-tively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall not finally disapprove an appli-cation submitted under section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305 except after giving the local educational agency notice and opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the State edu-
cational agency finds that the application submitted under section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305 is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, re-spectively, the State educational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the local edu-
cational agency of such determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific provisions of the application that the State determines fail to meet the re-
quirements, in whole or in part, of such sec-tion or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the local educational agency an 
opportunity to revise and resubmit its appli-cation within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the local edu-cational agency to present substantial evi-dence to clearly demonstrate that the appli-cation meets the requirements of such sec-tion or part; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the local educational agency, in order to assist the local educational agency to meet the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of the application’s resubmission under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5418 July 21, 2015 
subparagraph (C), with public notice pro-
vided not less than 15 days before such hear-ing, unless a local educational agency de-clines the opportunity for such public hear-ing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the local educational 
agency responds to the State educational agency’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notification, and resub-mits the application with the requested in-formation described in paragraph (2)(C), the State educational agency shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 90-day period de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the local edu-
cational agency does not respond to the State educational agency’s notification de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notifi-cation, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved.’’. 
SEC. 9107. PARTICIPATION BY PRIVATE SCHOOL 
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS. 
Section 9501 (20 U.S.C. 7881) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) part C of title I; ‘‘(B) part A of title II; ‘‘(C) part E of title II; ‘‘(D) part A of title III; ‘‘(E) parts A and B of title IV; and ‘‘(F) part G of title V.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and the amount’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, the amount’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘services; and’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘services, and how that amount is deter-mined;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) whether the agency, consortium, or 
entity shall provide services directly or as-sign responsibility for the provision of serv-ices to a separate government agency, con-sortium, or entity, or to a third-party con-tractor.’’. 
SEC. 9108. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 9521 (20 U.S.C. 7901) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, subject 
to the requirements of subsection (b)’’ after ‘‘for the second preceding fiscal year’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, if such local educational agency has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the local agency) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘or a 
change in the organizational structure of the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘, such as a natural disaster’’. 
SEC. 9109. SCHOOL PRAYER. 
Section 9524(a) (20 U.S.C. 7904(a)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘on the Internet’’ and insert-ing ‘‘by electronic means, including by post-ing the guidance on the Department’s website in a clear and easily accessible man-ner’’. SEC. 9110. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
Section 9527 (20 U.S.C. 7907) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9527. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to authorize an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements (including as a condition of any waiver provided under section 9401) to— 
‘‘(A) mandate, direct, or control a State, 
local educational agency, or school’s cur-riculum, program of instruction, instruc-tional content, specific academic standards or assessments, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act; 
‘‘(B) incentivize a State, local educational 
agency, or school to adopt any specific in-structional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction, including by providing any priority, preference, or special consider-ation during the application process for any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement that is based on the adoption of any specific instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction; or 
‘‘(C) make financial support available in a 
manner that is conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adop-tion of any specific instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or program of instruction (such as the Common Core State Standards devel-oped under the Common Core State Stand-ards Initiative, any other standards common to a significant number of States, or any spe-cific assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards). 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON ENDORSEMENT OF CUR-
RICULUM .—Notwithstanding any other prohi-
bition of Federal law, no funds provided to the Department under this Act may be used by the Department directly or indirectly, in-
cluding through any grant, contract, cooper-ative agreement, or waiver provided by the Secretary under section 9401, to endorse, ap-prove, or sanction any curriculum (including the alignment of such curriculum to any spe-cific academic standard) designed to be used in an early childhood education program, el-ementary school, secondary school, or insti-tution of higher education. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FEDERAL  
APPROVAL OR CERTIFICATION OF STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of Federal law, no State shall be required to have academic content or academic achievement standards approved or certified by the Federal Government, in order to receive assistance under this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to affect require-ments under title I. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE OR LOCAL AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction that a State, local edu-cational agency, or school chooses, as per-mitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds. 
‘‘(3) B
UILDING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to mandate national school building standards for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. SEC. 9111. ARMED FORCES RECRUITER ACCESS 
TO STUDENTS AND STUDENT RE-CRUITING INFORMATION. 
Section 9528 (20 U.S.C. 7908) is amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 9112. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
Section 9529 (20 U.S.C. 7909) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9529. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of Federal law and except as provided in subsection (b), no funds provided under this Act to the Sec-retary or to the recipient of any award may be used to develop, incentivize, pilot test, field test, implement, administer, or dis-tribute any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other sub-ject, unless specifically and explicitly au-thorized by law, including any assessment or testing materials aligned to the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to international comparative assess-ments developed under the authority of sec-tion 153(a)(6) of the Education Sciences Re-form Act of 2002 and administered to only a representative sample of pupils in the United States and in foreign nations. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction that a State or local educational agency or school chooses, as per-mitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds.’’. 
SEC. 9113. LIMITATIONS ON NATIONAL TESTING 
OR CERTIFICATION FOR TEACHERS. 
Section 9530(a) (20 U.S.C. 7910(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘, principals,’’ after 
‘‘teachers’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘, or incentive regarding,’’ 
after ‘‘administration of’’. 
SEC. 9114. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by section 4001(3), and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9538. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents, an affected local educational agency shall consult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations ap-proved by the tribes located in the area served by the local educational agency dur-ing the design and development of the af-fected local educational agency’s programs under this Act, with the overarching goal of meeting the unique cultural, language, and educational needs of American Indian and Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described 
in subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the affected local educational agency and the tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes and shall occur before the affected local educational agency makes any decision regarding how the needs of American Indian and Alaska Native children will be met in covered programs or in serv-ices or activities provided under title VII. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5419 July 21, 2015 
‘‘(c) D OCUMENTATION .—Each affected local 
educational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency a written affirmation signed by officials of the participating tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes that the consultation required by this section has occurred. If such officials do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the affected local educational agency shall forward documentation that such consultation has taken place to the State educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
FFECTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CY.—In this section, the term ‘affected local 
educational agency’ means a local edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(1) with an enrollment of American In-
dian or Alaska Native students that is not less than 50 percent of the total enrollment of the local educational agency; or 
‘‘(2) with an enrollment of not less than 50 
American Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents.’’. 
SEC. 9114A. APPLICATION FOR COMPETITIVE 
GRANTS FROM THE BUREAU OF IN-DIAN EDUCATION. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114 and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539A. APPLICATION FOR COMPETITIVE 
GRANTS FROM THE BUREAU OF IN-DIAN EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act and subject to subsection (b), the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation may apply for, and carry out, any grant program awarded on a competitive basis under this Act, as appropriate, on be-half of the schools and the Indian children that the Bureau serves, and shall not be sub-ject to any provision of the program that re-quires grant recipients to contribute funds toward the costs of the grant program. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—In the case of any com-
petitive grant program described in sub-section (a) that also provides a reservation of funds to the Bureau of Indian Education, the Bureau shall not, for any fiscal year, receive both a grant and a reservation under the competitive grant program.’’. 
SEC. 9115. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539B. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) O UTREACH .—The Secretary shall en-
gage in outreach to rural local educational agencies regarding opportunities to apply for competitive grant programs under this Act. 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested 
to do so, the Secretary shall provide tech-nical assistance to rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or an educational service agency rep-
resenting rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43 on appli-cations or pre-applications for any competi-tive grant program under this Act. No rural local educational agency or educational service agency shall be required to request technical assistance or include any technical assistance provided by the Secretary in any application.’’. 
SEC. 9115A. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 9540. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall consult in a timely and mean-ingful manner with the Governor, or appro-priate officials from the Governor’s office, in the development of State plans under titles I and II and section 9302. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described 
in subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the State educational agency and the Governor’s office and shall occur— 
‘‘(1) during the development of such plan; 
and 
‘‘(2) prior to submission of the plan to the 
Secretary. 
‘‘(c) J
OINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov-
ernor shall have 30 days prior to the State educational agency submitting the State plan under title I or II or section 9302 to the Secretary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of de-livery by the State educational agency to the Governor, the State educational agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary with-out such signature.’’. 
SEC. 9115B. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540A. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
‘‘(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to allow the Sec-retary to— 
‘‘(1) exercise any governance or authority 
over school administration, including the de-velopment and expenditure of school budg-ets, unless otherwise authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) issue any regulation without first 
complying with the rulemaking require-ments of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; or 
‘‘(3) issue any non-regulatory guidance 
without first, to the extent feasible, consid-ering input from stakeholders. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY UNDER OTHER LAW.—Noth-
ing in subsection (a) shall be construed to af-fect any authority the Secretary has under any other Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 9115C. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARD-
ING TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections, 9114 and 9115, and redesignated by section 9601, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 9539C. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARD-
ING TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(b), nothing in this Act shall authorize the Secretary to, or shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) prohibit a child from traveling to and 
from school on foot or by car, bus, or bike when the parents of the child have given per-mission; or 
‘‘(2) expose parents to civil or criminal 
charges for allowing their child to respon-sibly and safely travel to and from school by a means the parents believe is age appro-priate. 
‘‘(b) N
OPREEMPTION OF STATE OR LOCAL  
LAWS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), 
nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt State or local laws.’’. 
SEC. 9116. EVALUATIONS. 
Section 9601 (20 U.S.C. 7941) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9601. EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Except as 
provided in subsection (b) and (e), the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, may re-serve not more than 0.5 percent of the amount appropriated for each program au-thorized under this Act to carry out activi-
ties under this section. If the Secretary elects to make a reservation under this sub-section, the reserved amounts— 
‘‘(1) shall first be used by the Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, to— 
‘‘(A) conduct comprehensive, high-quality 
evaluations of the programs that— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the evaluation 
plan under subsection (d); and 
‘‘(ii) primarily include impact evaluations 
that use experimental or quasi-experimental designs, where practicable and appropriate, and other rigorous methodologies that per-mit the strongest possible causal inferences; 
‘‘(B) conduct studies of the effectiveness of 
the programs and the administrative impact of the programs on schools and local edu-cational agencies; and 
‘‘(C) widely disseminate evaluation find-
ings under this section related to programs authorized under this Act— 
‘‘(i) in a timely fashion; ‘‘(ii) in forms that are understandable, eas-
ily accessible, and usable, or adaptable for use in, the improvement of educational prac-tice; 
‘‘(iii) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, or the Department, or in an-other relevant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utili-
zation of such findings; and 
‘‘(2) may be used by the Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences— 
‘‘(A) to evaluate the aggregate short- and 
long-term effects and cost efficiencies across— 
‘‘(i) Federal programs assisted or author-
ized under this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) related Federal early childhood edu-
cation programs, preschool programs, ele-mentary school programs, and secondary school programs, under any other Federal law; 
‘‘(B) to increase the usefulness of the eval-
uations conducted under this section by im-proving the quality, timeliness, efficiency, and use of information relating to perform-ance to promote continuous improvement of programs assisted or authorized under this Act; and 
‘‘(C) to assist recipients of grants under 
such programs in collecting and analyzing data and other activities related to con-ducting high-quality evaluations under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(b) T
ITLE I.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall use funds authorized under section 1002(e) to carry out evaluation activities under this section related to title I, and shall not reserve any other money from such title for evaluation. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section or section 1002(e), the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
‘‘(1) may consolidate the funds reserved 
under subsections (a) and (b) for purposes of carrying out the activities under subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(2) shall not be required to evaluate under 
subsection (a)(1) each program authorized under this Act each year. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION PLAN.—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a biennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
‘‘(1) describes the specific activities that 
will be carried out under subsection (a) for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5420 July 21, 2015 
the 2-year period applicable to the plan, and 
the timelines of such activities; 
‘‘(2) contains the results of the activities 
carried out under subsection (a) for the most recent 2-year period; and 
‘‘(3) describes how programs authorized 
under this Act will be regularly evaluated. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED  
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program.’’. 
SEC. 9117. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539. PROHIBITION ON AIDING AND ABET-
TING SEXUAL ABUSE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State, State edu-
cational agency, or local educational agency in the case of a local educational agency des-ignated under State law, that receives Fed-eral funds under this Act shall have laws, regulations, or policies that prohibit any person who is a school employee, contractor, 
or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee, contractor, or agent in ob-taining a new job, apart from the routine transmission of administrative and per-sonnel files, if the person or agency knows, or recklessly disregards credible information indicating, that such school employee, con-tractor, or agent engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor in violation of the law. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the credible in-formation described in such subsection— 
‘‘(1)(A) has been properly reported to a law 
enforcement agency with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct; and 
‘‘(B) has been properly reported to any 
other authorities as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations imple-menting such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-ceeding regulations; and 
‘‘(2)(A) the case has been officially closed 
or the prosecutor with jurisdiction over the alleged misconduct has investigated the alle-gations and notified school officials that there is insufficient information to establish probable cause that the school employee, contractor, or agent engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor; 
‘‘(B) the school employee, contractor, or 
agent has been charged with, and exonerated of, the alleged misconduct; or 
‘‘(C) the case remains open but there have 
been no charges filed against, or indictment of, the school employee, contractor, or agent within 4 years of the date on which the infor-mation was reported to a law enforcement agency. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by a State, State educational agency, or local educational agency under this section. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to prevent a State from adopting, or to override a State law, regulation, or policy that provides, greater or additional protections to prohibit any per-son who is a school employee, contractor, or agent, or any State educational agency or local educational agency, from assisting a school employee who engaged in sexual mis-conduct regarding a minor in violation of the law in obtaining a new job.’’. TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS; OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
PART A—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTH 
SEC. 10101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Section 721 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘In any 
State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘will re-view’’ and inserting ‘‘In any State where compulsory residency requirements or other requirements, in laws, regulations, practices, or policies, may act as a barrier to the iden-tification of, or enrollment, attendance, or success in school of homeless children and youths, the State educational agency and local educational agencies in the State will review’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘alone’’; 
and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 10102. GRANTS FOR STATE AND LOCAL AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 722 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TUDENTS IN TERRITORIES .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to reserve 0.1 percent of the amount appropriated for each fiscal year under section 726, to be allocated by the Sec-retary among the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, according to their respective needs for as-sistance under this subtitle, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIAN STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER .—The Secretary shall 
transfer 1 percent of the amount appro-priated for each fiscal year under section 726 to the Department of the Interior. The trans-ferred funds shall be used for programs for Indian students served by schools funded by the Secretary of the Interior, as determined under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), that are consistent with the purposes of the programs described in this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation and the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into an agreement, consistent with the requirements of this subtitle, for the dis-tribution and use of the transferred funds under terms that the Secretary of Education determines best meet the purposes of the programs described in this subtitle. Such agreement shall set forth the plans of the Secretary of the Interior for the use of the amounts transferred, including appropriate goals, objectives, and milestones.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(B) by striking the subsection heading and 
all that follows through paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(c) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to allot to each State for a fiscal year an amount that bears the same ratio to the amount appropriated for such year under section 726 that remains after the Secretary reserves funds under subsection (b) and uses funds to carry out subsections (d) and (h) of section 724, as the amount allocated under section 1122 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6332) to the State for that year bears to the total amount allocated under section 1122 of such Act to all States for that year, except as pro-
vided in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENTS .—Subject to 
paragraph (3), no State shall receive less under this subsection for a fiscal year than the greatest of— 
‘‘(A) $150,000; ‘‘(B) one-fourth of 1 percent of the amount 
appropriated under section 726 for that year; or 
‘‘(C) the amount such State received under 
this section for fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION FOR INSUFFICIENT FUNDS .—If 
there are insufficient funds in a fiscal year to allot to each State the minimum amount under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall rat-ably reduce the allotments to all States based on the proportionate share that each State received under this subsection for the preceding fiscal year.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘To provide’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘that enable’’ and inserting ‘‘To provide services and activities to im-prove the identification of homeless children and youths (including preschool-aged home-less children) and enable’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or, if’’ and inserting ‘‘in-
cluding, if’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘des-
ignate’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘designate in the State educational agency an Office of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths that can suf-ficiently carry out the duties described for the Office in this subtitle.’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II), by striking 
‘‘subsection (g)(6)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (g)(6)(A)(vi)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F)(iii), by striking 
‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) F
UNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF THE COOR-
DINATOR .—The Coordinator for Education of 
Homeless Children and Youths established in each State shall— 
‘‘(1) gather and make publicly available re-
liable, valid, and comprehensive information on— 
‘‘(A) the number of homeless children and 
youths identified in the State, which shall be posted annually on the State educational agency’s website; 
‘‘(B) the nature and extent of the problems 
homeless children and youths have in gain-ing access to public preschool programs and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
‘‘(C) the difficulties in identifying the spe-
cial needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
‘‘(D) any progress made by the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cies in the State in addressing such problems and difficulties; and 
‘‘(E) the success of the programs under this 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
‘‘(2) develop and carry out the State plan 
described in subsection (g); 
‘‘(3) collect data for and transmit to the 
Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, a report containing information necessary to assess the educational needs of homeless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5421 July 21, 2015 
children and youths within the State, includ-
ing data necessary for the Secretary to ful-fill the responsibilities under section 724(h); 
‘‘(4) in order to improve the provision of 
comprehensive education and related serv-ices to homeless children and youths and their families, coordinate activities and col-laborate with— 
‘‘(A) educators, including teachers, special 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
‘‘(B) providers of services to homeless chil-
dren and youths and their families, including services of public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforce-ment agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care pro-viders, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs fund-ed under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) providers of emergency, transitional, 
and permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
‘‘(D) local educational agency liaisons des-
ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) for homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(E) community organizations and groups 
representing homeless children and youths and their families; 
‘‘(5) provide technical assistance to and 
conduct monitoring of local educational agencies in coordination with local edu-cational agency liaisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), to ensure that local educational agencies comply with the re-quirements of subsection (e)(3) and para-graphs (3) through (7) of subsection (g); 
‘‘(6) provide professional development op-
portunities for local educational agency per-sonnel and the local educational agency liai-son designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) to assist such personnel and liaison in identi-fying and meeting the needs of homeless children and youths, and provide training on the definitions of terms related to homeless-ness specified in sections 103, 401, and 725 to the personnel (including personnel of pre-school and early childhood education pro-grams provided through the local edu-cational agency) and the liaison; and 
‘‘(7) respond to inquiries from parents and 
guardians of homeless children and youths, including (in the case of unaccompanied youths) such youths, to ensure that each 
child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services provided by this subtitle.’’; 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘achievement’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘spe-
cial’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘personnel)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including liaisons designated under sub-paragraph (J)(ii), principals and school lead-ers, attendance officers, teachers, enroll-ment personnel, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel)’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of runaway and homeless 
youths’’ and inserting ‘‘of homeless children and youths, including such children and youths who are runaway and homeless youths’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (E), by striking 
‘‘food’’ and inserting ‘‘nutrition’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘equal’’ and all 
that follows and inserting ‘‘access to the same public preschool programs, adminis-
tered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as are provided to other children in the State, including ensur-ing that access by having the administering agency carry out the policies and practices required under paragraph (3);’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘services; 
and’’ and inserting ‘‘services, including through the implementation of policies and practices to ensure that youths described in this clause are able to receive appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfac-torily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local, and school policies;’’; and 
(III) by striking clause (iii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) homeless children and youths who 
meet the relevant eligibility criteria have access to magnet school, summer school, ca-reer and technical education, dual or concur-rent enrollment opportunities, early college high school, advanced placement, online learning, and charter school programs, if such programs are available at the State or local levels; and 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency and 
local educational agencies will adopt policies and practices to promote school success for homeless children and youth, including pro-viding access to full participation in the aca-demic and extracurricular activities that are made available to students who are not homeless children and youth.’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (H)(i), by striking 
‘‘medical’’ and inserting ‘‘other health’’; 
(vii) in subparagraph (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘enrollment’’ and inserting 
‘‘identification of homeless children and youths, and the enrollment,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘State.’’ and inserting 
‘‘State, including barriers related to fees, fines, absences, and credit accrual policies.’’; and 
(viii) in subparagraph (J)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘to carry out’’ 
and inserting ‘‘and assurances that the liai-son will have sufficient training and time to carry out’’; 
(II) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding 
subclause (I), by striking ‘‘origin, as deter-mined in paragraph (3)(A),’’ and inserting ‘‘origin (within the meaning of paragraph (3)(A)), which may include a preschool,’’; and 
(III) in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (iii), 
by striking ‘‘homeless’’ each place it ap-pears; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘and’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘B
EST INTEREST ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘S CHOOL STABILITY ’’; 
(II) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(iv); 
(III) by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(i) presume that keeping the child or 
youth in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(ii) consider factors related to the child’s 
or youth’s best interest, including factors re-lated to the impact of mobility on achieve-ment, health, and safety of homeless chil-dren and youth, giving priority to the re-quest of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(iii) if after carrying out clauses (i) and 
(ii) the local educational agency sends the child or youth to a school other than the school of origin or a school requested as de-scribed in clause (ii), provide a written ex-planation, including a statement regarding the right to appeal under subparagraph (E), 
to the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; and’’; and 
(IV) in that clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘and 
takes into account’’ after ‘‘considers’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) I
MMEDIATE ENROLLMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The school selected in 
accordance with this paragraph shall imme-diately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
‘‘(I) is unable to produce records normally 
required for enrollment, such as previous academic records, records of immunization and other required health records, proof of residency, or other documentation; or 
‘‘(II) has missed application or enrollment 
deadlines during any period of homelessness. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The 
enrolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEVANT HEALTH RECORDS .—If the 
child or youth needs to obtain immuniza-tions or health records, the enrolling school shall immediately refer the parent or guard-ian of the child or youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth, to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall assist in obtaining necessary immunizations or screenings, or health records, in accordance with subparagraph (D).’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘medical records’’ and inserting ‘‘health records’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘involved’’ 
after ‘‘records’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘If’’ and all that follows through ‘‘school—’’ and inserting ‘‘If a dispute arises over eligibility for enrollment, school selec-tion, or enrollment in a public school, in-cluding a public preschool—’’; 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting before the 
semicolon the following: ‘‘, including all available appeals’’; and 
(III) by striking clause (ii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth shall be provided with a written explanation of any decisions related to school selection or enrollment made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State educational agency involved, in-cluding the rights of the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth to appeal such deci-sions;’’; 
(vi) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(G) P
RIVACY .—Information about a home-
less child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treated as a student education record, and not as directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g).’’; and 
(vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph: 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘school of ori-
gin’ means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECEIVING SCHOOL .—In the case of a 
child or youth who completed the final grade level served by the school of origin, as de-scribed in clause (i), the term ‘school of ori-gin’ shall include the designated receiving school at the next grade level.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5422 July 21, 2015 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the period the following ‘‘, which may in-clude transportation to a preschool’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and 
educational’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘educational programs for English learn-ers, charter school programs, and magnet school programs.’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘vo-
cational’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘programs pro-
viding’’ and inserting ‘‘entities providing’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘such as 
transportation or’’ and inserting ‘‘including transportation and’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
clauses (ii) and (iii), respectively; 
(II) by inserting before clause (ii), as redes-
ignated by subclause (I), the following: 
‘‘(i) ensure that all homeless children and 
youths are promptly identified;’’; and 
(III) in clause (ii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘have access and’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to and are in’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—For children and youths who 
are to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with disabilities served by that local edu-cational agency and other involved local educational agencies.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by redesignating clauses (iv) through 
(vii) as clauses (v) through (viii), respec-tively; 
(II) by striking clause (iii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) homeless families and homeless chil-
dren and youths have access to and receive educational services for which such families, children, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start programs (in-cluding Early Head Start programs) under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), early intervention services under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and other pre-school programs administered by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families and homeless chil-
dren and youths receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substance abuse services, housing serv-ices, and other appropriate services;’’; 
(III) by striking clause (vi), as redesignated 
by subclause (I), and inserting the following: 
‘‘(vi) public notice of the educational 
rights of homeless children and youths is dis-seminated in locations frequented by parents and guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public libraries, and soup kitchens, in a manner and form understand-able to the parents and guardians of home-less children and youths, and unaccompanied youths;’’; 
(IV) in clause (vii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(V) in clause (viii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking the period and insert-ing a semicolon; and 
(VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) school personnel providing services 
under this subtitle receive professional de-velopment and other support; and 
‘‘(x) unaccompanied youths— ‘‘(I) are enrolled in school; ‘‘(II) have opportunities to meet the same 
challenging State academic standards as the State establishes for other children and youth, including through implementation of the procedures under paragraph (1)(F)(ii); and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as inde-
pendent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and may obtain assistance to receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and 
advocates’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘advocates working with homeless families, parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and homeless children and youths who are in secondary school, of the duties of the local educational agency liai-sons, and publish an annually updated list of the liaisons on the State educational agen-cy’s website.’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘Such coordination shall include collecting and providing to the State coordinator the reliable, valid, and com-prehensive information and data needed to meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (f).’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—As de-
termined appropriate by the State coordi-nator, the local educational agency liaisons shall participate in the professional develop-ment activities provided, and other technical assistance activities provided pursuant to paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (f), by the State coordinator. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFYING HOMELESS STATUS .—A 
local educational agency liaison or member of the personnel of a local educational agen-cy who receives training described in sub-section (f)(6) may certify a child or youth who is participating in a program provided by the local educational agency, or a parent or family of such a child or youth, who meets the eligibility requirements of this Act for a program or service authorized under title IV, as eligible for the program or 
service.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that 
receives’’ and all that follows through ‘‘en-rollment’’ and inserting ‘‘shall review and revise any policies that may act as barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths or enrollment’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘en-
rollment’’ and inserting ‘‘identification, en-rollment,’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 10103. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY SUB-
GRANTS. 
Section 723 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘identi-
fication of homeless children and youths and’’ before ‘‘enrollment,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the related’’ before ‘‘schools’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will collect and promptly provide the information and data requested by the State coordinator pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (3) of section 722(f). 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the applicant will 
meet the requirements of section 722(g)(3).’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘preschool, elementary, and secondary schools’’ and inserting ‘‘early 
childhood education and other preschool pro-grams, elementary schools, and secondary schools,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting 
‘‘identification,’’ before ‘‘enrollment,’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-
plication—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘application reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youths.’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(as 
of the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘practice’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘ex-
tent to which the applicant will promote meaningful’’ after ‘‘The’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘with-
in’’ and inserting ‘‘into’’; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (I); 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the 
following: 
‘‘(G) The extent to which the local edu-
cational agency will use the subgrant to le-verage resources. 
‘‘(H) How the local educational agency uses 
funds to serve homeless children and youths under section 1113(a)(4) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(a)(4)).’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (I), as redesignated by 
clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘The extent to which the applicant’s pro-gram meets such’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the same 
challenging State academic content stand-ards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the same challenging State academic standards as’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘students with limited 
English proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support services’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and un-
accompanied youths,’’ and inserting ‘‘par-ticularly homeless children and youths who are not enrolled in school,’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘medical’’ 
and inserting ‘‘other health’’; 
(F) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) The provision of education and train-
ing to the parents and guardians of homeless children and youths about the rights of, and resources available to, such children and youths, and the provision of other activities designed to increase the meaningful involve-ment of parents and guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of the children or youths.’’; 
(G) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support services’’; 
(H) in paragraph (13), by inserting before 
the period the following: ‘‘or parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘to attend 
school’’ and inserting ‘‘to enroll, attend, and succeed in school (including a preschool pro-gram)’’. 
SEC. 10104. SECRETARIAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 724 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, be-
fore the next school year that begins after 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5423 July 21, 2015 
the date of enactment of the Every Child 
Achieves Act of 2015, update and disseminate nationwide the public notice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
disseminate the notice nationally to all Fed-eral agencies, and grant recipients, serving homeless families or homeless children and youth.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION , D ISSEMINATION , AND 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall 
conduct evaluation, dissemination, and tech-nical assistance activities for programs de-signed to meet the educational needs of homeless elementary and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 726 to conduct such activi-ties.’’; 
(3) in subsection (f), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies, concerning areas in which documented barriers to a free appro-priate public education persist.’’; 
(4) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall de-
velop, issue, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, guidelines concerning ways in which a State— 
‘‘(1) may assist local educational agencies 
to implement the provisions related to homeless children and youth amended by that Act; and 
‘‘(2) may review and revise State policies 
and procedures that may present barriers to the identification of homeless children and youth, and the enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘periodically but not less frequently than once every 2 years,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘loca-
tion’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘lo-cation (in cases in which location can be identified) of homeless children and youth, in all areas served by local educational agen-cies under this subtitle;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the academic progress being made by 
homeless children and youth, including the percentage or number of homeless children and youth participating in State assess-ments under section 1111(b)(2) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)); and’’; and 
(6) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘McKin-
ney-Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 10105. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 725 of the 
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘or 
are awaiting foster care placement;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘youth’’ 
and inserting ‘‘homeless child or youth’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that 
is not a covered State, the amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (2) C
OVERED STATE .—In the case of a cov-
ered State, the amendment made by sub-section (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
OVERED STATE .—For purposes of this 
section the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a State that has a statutory law that defines or describes the phrase ‘‘awaiting foster care placement’’, for purposes of a program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.). 
SEC. 10106. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 726 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 726. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subtitle such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
PART B—OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 10201. USE OF TERM ‘‘HIGHLY QUALIFIED’’ 
IN OTHER LAWS. 
Beginning on the date of the enactment of 
this Act, any reference in law to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801), shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10202. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
The Secretary of Education shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act— 
(A) identify the number of Department of 
Education employees who worked on or ad-ministered each education program and project authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as such program or project was in effect on the day before such enactment date, and publish such information on the Department of Education’s website; and 
(B) identify the number of full-time equiv-
alent employees who work on or administer programs or projects that— 
(i) were authorized under the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before such enactment date; and 
(ii) have been eliminated or consolidated 
since such date; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, prepare and sub-mit a report to Congress on— 
(A) the number of employees associated 
with each program or project authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) ad-ministered by the Department, disaggregated by employee function with each such program or project; 
(B) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees who were determined to be associ-ated with eliminated or consolidated pro-grams or projects under paragraph (1)(B); and 
(C) how the Secretary addressed the find-
ings of paragraph (1)(B) relating to the num-ber of full-time equivalent employees who worked on or administered programs or projects authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before such enactment date, that have been eliminated or consolidated since such date. 
SEC. 10203. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT ACTIONS 
TO ADDRESS OFFICE OF THE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL CHARTER SCHOOL REPORTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation shall prepare and submit to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the relevant appropria-tions committees of Congress, and to the public via the Department’s website, a report containing an update on the Department of Education’s continued implementation of the recommendations— 
(1) responding to the March 9, 2010, final 
management information report of the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education, which expressed concern about findings of inadequate oversight by local educational agencies and authorized public chartering agencies to ensure Federal funds are properly used and accounted for; 
(2) responding to the September 2012 report 
of the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘‘The Of-fice of Innovation and Improvement’s Over-sight and Monitoring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’’ finding that none of the 3 States whose charter schools programs that Office investigated ade-quately monitored the public charter schools that the States funded; and 
(3) describing actions the Department of 
Education has taken to address the concerns described in such memorandum and final audit report. 
SEC. 10204. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON 
INCREASING EFFECTIVENESS OF EX-ISTING SERVICES AND PROGRAMS INTENDED TO BENEFIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
(1) a description and assessment of the ex-
isting federally funded services and pro-grams across all agencies that have a pur-pose or are intended to benefit or serve chil-dren, including— 
(A) the purposes, goals, and organizational 
and administrative structure of such services and programs at the Federal, State, and local level; and 
(B) methods of delivery and implementa-
tion; and 
(2) recommendations to increase the effec-
tiveness, coordination, and integration of such services and programs, across agencies and levels of government, in order to lever-age existing resources and better and more comprehensively serve children. 
SEC. 10205. POSTHUMOUS PARDON. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) John Arthur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson was a 
flamboyant, defiant, and controversial figure in the history of the United States who chal-lenged racial biases. 
(2) Jack Johnson was born in Galveston, 
Texas, in 1878 to parents who were former slaves. 
(3) Jack Johnson became a professional 
boxer and traveled throughout the United States, fighting White and African-American heavyweights. 
(4) After being denied (on purely racial 
grounds) the opportunity to fight 2 White champions, in 1908, Jack Johnson was grant-ed an opportunity by an Australian promoter to fight the reigning White title-holder, Tommy Burns. 
(5) Jack Johnson defeated Tommy Burns to 
become the first African-American to hold the title of Heavyweight Champion of the World. 
(6) The victory by Jack Johnson over 
Tommy Burns prompted a search for a White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5424 July 21, 2015 
boxer who could beat Jack Johnson, a re-
cruitment effort that was dubbed the search for the ‘‘great white hope’’. 
(7) In 1910, a White former champion named 
Jim Jeffries left retirement to fight Jack Johnson in Reno, Nevada. 
(8) Jim Jeffries lost to Jack Johnson in 
what was deemed the ‘‘Battle of the Cen-tury’’. 
(9) The defeat of Jim Jeffries by Jack 
Johnson led to rioting, aggression against African-Americans, and the racially-moti-vated murder of African-Americans through-out the United States. 
(10) The relationships of Jack Johnson 
with White women compounded the resent-ment felt toward him by many Whites. 
(11) Between 1901 and 1910, 754 African- 
Americans were lynched, some simply for being ‘‘too familiar’’ with White women. 
(12) In 1910, Congress passed the Act of 
June 25, 1910 (commonly known as the ‘‘White Slave Traffic Act’’ or the ‘‘Mann Act’’) (18 U.S.C. 2421 et seq.), which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce ‘‘for the purpose of pros-titution or debauchery, or for any other im-moral purpose’’. 
(13) In October 1912, Jack Johnson became 
involved with a White woman whose mother disapproved of their relationship and sought action from the Department of Justice, claiming that Jack Johnson had abducted her daughter. 
(14) Jack Johnson was arrested by Federal 
marshals on October 18, 1912, for trans-porting the woman across State lines for an ‘‘immoral purpose’’ in violation of the Mann Act. 
(15) The Mann Act charges against Jack 
Johnson were dropped when the woman re-fused to cooperate with Federal authorities, and then married Jack Johnson. 
(16) Federal authorities persisted and sum-
moned a White woman named Belle Schreiber, who testified that Jack Johnson had transported her across States lines for the purpose of ‘‘prostitution and debauch-ery’’. 
(17) In 1913, Jack Johnson was convicted of 
violating the Mann Act and sentenced to 1 year and 1 day in Federal prison. 
(18) Jack Johnson fled the United States to 
Canada and various European and South American countries. 
(19) Jack Johnson lost the Heavyweight 
Championship title to Jess Willard in Cuba in 1915. 
(20) Jack Johnson returned to the United 
States in July 1920, surrendered to authori-ties, and served nearly a year in the Federal penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kansas. 
(21) Jack Johnson subsequently fought in 
boxing matches, but never regained the Heavyweight Championship title. 
(22) Jack Johnson served the United States 
during World War II by encouraging citizens to buy war bonds and participating in exhi-bition boxing matches to promote the war bond cause. 
(23) Jack Johnson died in an automobile 
accident in 1946. 
(24) In 1954, Jack Johnson was inducted 
into the Boxing Hall of Fame. 
(25) Senate Concurrent Resolution 29, 111th 
Congress, agreed to July 29, 2009, expressed the sense of the 111th Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon for his racially-motivated 1913 conviction. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—It remains the 
sense of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon— 
(1) to expunge a racially-motivated abuse 
of the prosecutorial authority of the Federal Government from the annals of criminal jus-tice in the United States; and (2) in recognition of the athletic and cul-
tural contributions of Jack Johnson to soci-ety. 
SEC. 10206. EDUCATION FLEXIBILITY PARTNER-
SHIP ACT OF 1999 REAUTHORIZA-TION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Edu-
cation Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
OCAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘E DUCATIONAL SERV -
ICE AGENCY ; LOCAL ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘The terms’’ and inserting 
‘‘The terms ‘educational service agency’,’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
1113(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(a)(1)(B)’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .—Section 4 of the 
Education Flexibility Partnership Act of 1999 (20 U.S.C. 5891b) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. EDUCATION FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E DUCATIONAL FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
carry out an educational flexibility program under which the Secretary authorizes a State educational agency that serves an eli-gible State to waive statutory or regulatory requirements applicable to one or more pro-grams described in subsection (b), other than requirements described in subsection (c), for any local educational agency, educational service agency, or school within the State. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—Each eligible State 
participating in the program described in subparagraph (A) shall be known as an ‘Ed- Flex Partnership State’. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—For the purpose of 
this section, the term ‘eligible State’ means a State that— 
‘‘(A) has— ‘‘(i) developed and implemented the chal-
lenging State academic standards, and aligned assessments, described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1111(b) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and is producing the report cards required by section 1111(d)(2) of such Act; or 
‘‘(ii) if the State has adopted new chal-
lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, as a result of the amendments made to such Act by the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, and has made substantial progress (as determined by the Secretary) toward developing and imple-menting such standards and toward pro-ducing the report cards required under sec-tion 1111(d)(2) of such Act; 
‘‘(B) will hold local educational agencies, 
educational service agencies, and schools ac-countable for meeting the educational goals described in the local applications submitted under paragraph (4) and for engaging in tech-nical assistance and, as applicable and ap-propriate, intervention and support strate-gies consistent with section 1114 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, for the schools that are identified as in need of intervention and support as described in section 1111(b)(3) of such Act; and 
‘‘(C) waives State statutory or regulatory 
requirements relating to education while holding local educational agencies, edu-cational service agencies, or schools within the State that are affected by such waivers accountable for the performance of the stu-dents who are affected by such waivers. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to participate in the edu-cational flexibility program under this sec-tion shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-
retary may reasonably require. Each such application shall demonstrate that the eligi-ble State has adopted an educational flexi-bility plan for the State that includes— 
‘‘(i) a description of the process the State 
educational agency will use to evaluate ap-plications from local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools re-questing waivers of— 
‘‘(I) Federal statutory or regulatory re-
quirements as described in paragraph (1)(A); and 
‘‘(II) State statutory or regulatory require-
ments relating to education; 
‘‘(ii) a detailed description of the State 
statutory and regulatory requirements relat-ing to education that the State educational agency will waive; 
‘‘(iii) a description of clear educational ob-
jectives the State intends to meet under the educational flexibility plan, which may in-clude innovative methods to leverage re-sources to improve program efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iv) a description of how the educational 
flexibility plan is coordinated with activities described in section 1111(b) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and section 1114 of such Act; 
‘‘(v) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will evaluate (consistent with the requirements of title I of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965), the performance of students in the schools, educational service agencies, and local educational agencies affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(vi) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AND CONSIDERATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date on which a State has sub-mitted an application described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall issue a written decision that explains why such application has been approved or disapproved, and the process for revising and resubmitting the ap-plication for reconsideration. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may ap-
prove an application described in subpara-graph (A) only if the Secretary determines that such application demonstrates substan-tial promise of assisting the State edu-cational agency and affected local edu-cational agencies, educational service agen-cies, and schools within the State in car-rying out comprehensive educational reform, after considering— 
‘‘(I) the eligibility of the State as described 
in paragraph (2); 
‘‘(II) the comprehensiveness and quality of 
the educational flexibility plan described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(III) the ability of the educational flexi-
bility plan to ensure accountability for the activities and goals described in such plan; 
‘‘(IV) the degree to which the State’s ob-
jectives described in subparagraph (A)(iii)— 
‘‘(aa) are clear and have the ability to be 
assessed; and 
‘‘(bb) take into account the performance of 
local educational agencies, educational serv-ice agencies, or schools, and students, par-ticularly those affected by waivers; 
‘‘(V) the significance of the State statu-
tory or regulatory requirements relating to education that will be waived; and 
‘‘(VI) the quality of the State educational 
agency’s process for approving applications for waivers of Federal statutory or regu-latory requirements as described in para-graph (1)(A) and for monitoring and evalu-ating the results of such waivers. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency, educational service agency, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5425 July 21, 2015 
school requesting a waiver of a Federal stat-
utory or regulatory requirement as described in paragraph (1)(A) and any relevant State statutory or regulatory requirement from a State educational agency shall submit an ap-plication to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. Each such application shall— 
‘‘(i) indicate each Federal program affected 
and each statutory or regulatory require-ment that will be waived; 
‘‘(ii) describe the purposes and overall ex-
pected results of waiving each such require-ment, which may include innovative meth-ods to leverage resources to improve pro-gram efficiencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(iii) describe, for each school year, spe-
cific, measurable, educational goals for each local educational agency, educational serv-
ice agency, or school affected by the pro-posed waiver, and for the students served by the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school who are affected by the waiver; 
‘‘(iv) explain why the waiver will assist the 
local educational agency, educational serv-ice agency, or school in reaching such goals; and 
‘‘(v) in the case of an application from a 
local educational agency or educational service agency, describe how the agency will meet the requirements of paragraph (7). 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .—A 
State educational agency shall evaluate an application submitted under subparagraph (A) in accordance with the State’s edu-cational flexibility plan described in para-graph (3)(A). 
‘‘(C) A
PPROVAL .—A State educational agen-
cy shall not approve an application for a waiver under this paragraph unless— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency, edu-
cational service agency, or school requesting such waiver has developed a local reform plan that— 
‘‘(I) is applicable to such agency or school, 
respectively; and 
‘‘(II) may include innovative methods to 
leverage resources to improve program effi-ciencies that benefit students; 
‘‘(ii) the waiver of Federal statutory or 
regulatory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) will assist the local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, or school in reaching its educational goals, particularly goals with respect to school and student performance; and 
‘‘(iii) the State educational agency is satis-
fied that the underlying purposes of the stat-utory requirements of each program for which a waiver is granted will continue to be met. 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .—The State educational 
agency shall annually review the perform-ance of any local educational agency, edu-cational service agency, or school granted a waiver of Federal statutory or regulatory re-quirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with the evaluation require-ment described in paragraph (3)(A)(v), and shall terminate or temporarily suspend any waiver granted to the local educational agency, educational service agency, or school if the State educational agency deter-mines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that— 
‘‘(i) there is compelling evidence of sys-
tematic waste, fraud, or abuse; 
‘‘(ii) the performance of the local edu-
cational agency, educational service agency, or school with respect to meeting the ac-countability requirement described in para-graph (2)(C) and the goals described in para-graph (4)(A)(iii) has been inadequate to jus-tify continuation of such waiver; ‘‘(iii) student achievement in the local edu-
cational agency, educational service agency, or school has decreased; or 
‘‘(iv) goals established by the State under 
section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 have not been met. 
‘‘(5) O
VERSIGHT AND REPORTING .— 
‘‘(A) O VERSIGHT .—Each State educational 
agency participating in the educational flexibility program under this section shall annually monitor the activities of local edu-cational agencies, educational service agen-cies, and schools receiving waivers under this section. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE REPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) A NNUAL REPORTS .—The State edu-
cational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary an annual report on the results of such oversight and the impact of the waivers on school and student performance. 
‘‘(ii) P
ERFORMANCE DATA .—Not later than 2 
years after the date a State is designated an Ed-Flex Partnership State, each such State shall include, as part of the State’s annual report submitted under clause (i), data dem-onstrating the degree to which progress has been made toward meeting the State’s edu-cational objectives. The data, when applica-ble, shall include— 
‘‘(I) information on the total number of 
waivers granted for Federal and State statu-tory and regulatory requirements under this section, including the number of waivers granted for each type of waiver; 
‘‘(II) information describing the effect of 
the waivers on the implementation of State and local educational reforms pertaining to school and student performance; 
‘‘(III) information describing the relation-
ship of the waivers to the performance of schools and students affected by the waivers; and 
‘‘(IV) an assurance from State program 
managers that the data reported under this section are reliable, complete, and accurate, as defined by the State, or a description of a plan for improving the reliability, complete-ness, and accuracy of such data as defined by the State. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORTS .—The Secretary 
shall annually— 
‘‘(i) make each State report submitted 
under subparagraph (B) available to Congress and the public; and 
‘‘(ii) submit to Congress a report that sum-
marizes the State reports and describes the effects that the educational flexibility pro-gram under this section had on the imple-mentation of State and local educational re-forms and on the performance of students af-
fected by the waivers. 
‘‘(6) D
URATION OF FEDERAL WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) D URATION .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove the application of a State educational agency under paragraph (3) for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(ii) A
UTOMATIC EXTENSION DURING RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary shall automatically 
extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State until the Secretary has— 
‘‘(I) completed the performance review of 
the State educational agency’s education flexibility plan as described in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(II) issued a final decision of any pending 
request for renewal that was submitted by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary may extend the authority of a State to continue as an Ed-Flex Partnership State if the Secretary determines that the author-ity of the State educational agency to grant waivers— 
‘‘(I) has been effective in enabling such 
State or affected local educational agencies, educational service agencies, or schools to 
carry out their State or local reform plans and to continue to meet the accountability requirement described in paragraph (2)(C); and 
‘‘(II) has improved student performance. ‘‘(B) P
ERFORMANCE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Following the expiration 
of an approved educational flexibility pro-gram for a State that is designated an Ed- Flex Partnership State, the Secretary shall have not more than 180 days to complete a review of the performance of the State edu-cational agency in granting waivers of Fed-eral statutory or regulatory requirements as described in paragraph (1)(A) to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has achieved, or is making substantial 
progress towards achieving, the objectives described in the application submitted pur-suant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii) and the specific 
goals established in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates that local educational 
agencies, educational service agencies, or schools affected by the waiver authority or waivers have achieved, or are making progress toward achieving, the desired re-sults described in the application submitted pursuant to paragraph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall terminate the authority of a State educational agency to grant waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory require-ments as described in paragraph (1)(A) if the Secretary determines, after providing the State educational agency with notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that such agency’s performance has been inadequate to justify continuation of such authority based on agency’s performance against specific goals in section 1111(b)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency desiring to renew an approved edu-cational flexibility program under this sec-tion shall submit a request for renewal to the Secretary not later than the date of expi-ration of the approved educational flexibility program. 
‘‘(ii) T
IMING FOR RENEWAL .—The Secretary 
shall either approve or deny the request for renewal by not later than 90 days after com-pleting the performance review of the State described in paragraph (6)(B). 
‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION .—In deciding whether 
to extend a request of a State educational agency for the authority to issue waivers under this section, the Secretary shall re-view the progress of the State educational agency to determine if the State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) has made progress toward achieving 
the objectives described in the State applica-tion submitted pursuant to paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
‘‘(II) demonstrates in the request that 
local educational agencies, educational serv-ice agencies, or schools affected by the waiv-er authority or waivers have made progress toward achieving the desired results de-scribed in the local application submitted pursuant to paragraph (4)(A)(iii). 
‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ter-
minate or temporarily suspend the authority of a State educational agency to grant waiv-ers under this section if the Secretary deter-mines that— 
‘‘(I) there is compelling evidence of sys-
tematic waste, fraud or abuse; or 
‘‘(II) after notice and an opportunity for a 
hearing, such agency’s performance (includ-ing performance with respect to meeting the objectives described in paragraph (3)(A)(iii)) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5426 July 21, 2015 
has been inadequate to justify continuation 
of such authority. 
‘‘(ii) L IMITED COMPLIANCE PERIOD .—A State 
whose authority to grant such waivers has been terminated shall have not more than 1 additional fiscal year to come into compli-ance in order to seek renewal of the author-ity to grant waivers under this section. 
‘‘(7) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Each 
State educational agency seeking waiver au-thority under this section and each local educational agency, educational service agency, or school seeking a waiver under this section— 
‘‘(A) shall provide the public with adequate 
and efficient notice of the proposed waiver authority or waiver, consisting of a descrip-tion of the agency’s application for the pro-posed waiver authority or waiver on each agency’s website, including a description of any improved student performance that is expected to result from the waiver authority or waiver; 
‘‘(B) shall provide the opportunity for par-
ents, educators, school administrators, and 
all other interested members of the commu-nity to comment regarding the proposed waiver authority or waiver; 
‘‘(C) shall provide the opportunity de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) in accordance with any applicable State law specifying how the comments may be received, and how the comments may be reviewed by any member of the public; and 
‘‘(D) shall submit the comments received 
with the application of the agency or school to the Secretary or the State educational agency, as appropriate. 
‘‘(b) I
NCLUDED PROGRAMS .—The statutory 
or regulatory requirements referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) are any such require-ments for programs that are authorized under the following provisions and under which the Secretary provides funds to State educational agencies on the basis of a for-mula: 
‘‘(1) The following provisions of the Ele-
mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I (other than sections 
1111 and 1114). 
‘‘(B) Part C of title I. ‘‘(C) Part D of title I. ‘‘(D) Part A of title II. ‘‘(E) Part G of title V. ‘‘(2) Title VII of the McKinney-Vento 
Homeless Assistance Act. (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
‘‘(c) W
AIVERS NOTAUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary and the State educational agency may not waive under subsection (a)(1)(A) any statutory or regulatory requirement— 
‘‘(1) relating to— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effort; ‘‘(B) comparability of services; ‘‘(C) equitable participation of students 
and professional staff in private schools; 
‘‘(D) parental participation and involve-
ment; 
‘‘(E) distribution of funds to States or to 
local educational agencies; 
‘‘(F) serving eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order under section 1113(a)(1)(C) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; 
‘‘(G) the selection of a school attendance 
area or school under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1113(a) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, except that a State educational agency may grant a waiv-er to allow a school attendance area or school to participate in activities under part A of title I of such Act if the percentage of children from low-income families in the school attendance area of such school or who attend such school is not less than 10 per-
centage points below the lowest percentage of such children for any school attendance area or school of the local educational agen-cy that meets the requirements of such para-graphs (1) and (2); 
‘‘(H) use of Federal funds to supplement, 
not supplant, non-Federal funds; and 
‘‘(I) applicable civil rights requirements; 
and 
‘‘(2) unless the State educational agency 
can demonstrate that the underlying pur-poses of the statutory requirements of the program for which a waiver is granted con-tinue to be met to the satisfaction of the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING ED-FLEX  
PARTNERSHIP STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any designation of a 
State as an Ed-Flex Partnership State that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act shall be immediately extended for a pe-riod of not more than 5 years, if the Sec-retary makes the determination described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—The determination 
referred to in paragraph (1) is a determina-tion that the performance of the State edu-cational agency, in carrying out the pro-grams for which the State has received a waiver under the educational flexibility pro-gram, justifies the extension of the designa-tion. 
‘‘(e) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of the Sec-
retary’s decision to authorize State edu-cational agencies to issue waivers under this section, including a description of the ra-tionale the Secretary used to approve appli-cations under subsection (a)(3)(B), shall be published in the Federal Register and the Secretary shall provide for the dissemina-tion of such notice to State educational agencies, interested parties (including edu-cators, parents, students, and advocacy and civil rights organizations), and the public.’’. 
PART C—AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNTS 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Dream Accounts Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
MERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘American Dream Account’’ means a per-sonal online account for low-income students that monitors higher education readiness and includes a college savings account. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, as well as any other Committee of the Senate or House of Rep-resentatives that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘charter 
school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5110 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7221i). 
(4) C
OLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘college savings account’’ means a trust cre-ated or organized exclusively for the purpose of paying the qualified expenses of only an individual who, when the trust is created or organized, has not obtained 18 years of age, if the written governing instrument creating the trust contains the following require-ments: 
(A) The trustee is a Federally insured fi-
nancial institution, or a State insured finan-cial institution if a Federally insured finan-cial institution is not available. (B) The assets of the trust will be invested 
in accordance with the direction of the indi-vidual or of a parent or guardian of the indi-vidual, after consultation with the entity providing the initial contribution to the trust or, if applicable, a matching or other contribution for the individual. 
(C) The assets of the trust will not be com-
mingled with other property except in a common trust fund or common investment fund. 
(D) Any amount in the trust that is attrib-
utable to an account seed or matched deposit may be paid or distributed from the trust only for the purpose of paying qualified ex-penses of the individual. 
(5) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘dual or concurrent enroll-
ment program’’ means a program of study— 
(A) provided by an institution of higher 
education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a reg-ular high school diploma (as defined in sec-tion 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as such section was in ef-fect on November 28, 2008) is able to earn postsecondary credit; and 
(B) that shall consist of not less than 2 
postsecondary credit-bearing courses and support and academic services that help a student persist and complete such courses. 
(6) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘early college high school pro-gram’’ means a formal partnership between at least 1 local educational agency and at least 1 institution of higher education that allows participants, who are primarily low- income students, to simultaneously com-plete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma (as defined in section 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008) and earn not less than 12 transferable credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary de-gree or credential. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State educational agency; (B) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that operates as its own local educational agency; 
(C) a charter management organization or 
charter school authorizer; 
(D) an institution of higher education or a 
Tribal College or University; 
(E) a nonprofit organization; (F) an entity with demonstrated experi-
ence in educational savings or in assisting low-income students to prepare for, and at-tend, an institution of higher education; 
(G) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F); or 
(H) a consortium of 1 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) and a public school, a charter school, a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, or a tribally controlled school. 
(8) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(9) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(10) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student who is eli-gible to receive a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
(11) P
ARENT .—The term ‘‘parent’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5427 July 21, 2015 
(12) Q UALIFIED EXPENSES .—The term 
‘‘qualified expenses’’ means, with respect to an individual, expenses that— 
(A) are incurred after the individual re-
ceives a secondary school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent; and 
(B) are associated with attending an insti-
tution of higher education, including— 
(i) tuition and fees; (ii) room and board; (iii) textbooks; (iv) supplies and equipment; and (v) Internet access. (13) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(14) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(15) T
RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The 
term ‘‘Tribal College or University’’ has the meaning given such term in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
(16) T
RIBALLY CONTROLLED SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘‘tribally controlled school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511). 
SEC. 10303. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall establish a pilot program and award 10 grants to eligible entities to enable such eli-gible entities to establish and administer American Dream Accounts for a group of low-income students. 
(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated each fiscal year to carry out this part, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 5 percent of such amount to carry out the evaluation activities described in section 10306. 
(c) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. The Secretary may extend such grant for an additional 2-year period if the Sec-retary determines that the eligible entity has demonstrated significant progress, based on the factors described in section 10304(b)(11). 
SEC. 10304. APPLICATIONS; PRIORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, the applica-
tion described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the characteristics of a 
group of not less than 30 low-income public school students who— 
(A) are, at the time of the application, at-
tending a grade not higher than grade 9; and 
(B) will, under the grant, receive an Amer-
ican Dream Account. 
(2) A description of how the eligible entity 
will engage, and provide support (such as tu-toring and mentoring for students, and training for teachers and other stakeholders) either online or in person, to— 
(A) the students in the group described in 
paragraph (1); 
(B) the family members and teachers of 
such students; and 
(C) other stakeholders such as school ad-
ministrators and school counselors. 
(3) An identification of partners who will 
assist the eligible entity in establishing and sustaining American Dream Accounts. 
(4) A description of what experience the el-
igible entity or the partners of the eligible entity have in managing college savings ac-counts, preparing low-income students for postsecondary education, managing online systems, and teaching financial literacy. (5) A demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty has sufficient resources to provide an ini-tial deposit into the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account. 
(6) A description of how the eligible entity 
will help increase the value of the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account, such as by providing match-ing funds or incentives for academic achieve-ment. 
(7) A description of how the eligible entity 
will notify each participating student in the group described in paragraph (1), on a semi-annual basis, of the current balance and sta-tus of the college savings account portion of the American Dream Account of the student. 
(8) A plan that describes how the eligible 
entity will monitor participating students in the group described in paragraph (1) to en-sure that the American Dream Account of each student will be maintained if a student in such group changes schools before grad-uating from secondary school. 
(9) A plan that describes how the American 
Dream Accounts will be managed for not less than 1 year after a majority of the students in the group described in paragraph (1) grad-uate from secondary school. 
(10) A description of how the eligible entity 
will encourage students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) who fail to graduate from secondary school to continue their edu-cation. 
(11) A description of how the eligible entity 
will evaluate the grant program, including by collecting, as applicable, the following data about the students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) during the grant pe-riod, or until the time of graduation from a secondary school, whichever comes first, and, if sufficient grant funds are available, after the grant period: 
(A) Attendance rates. (B) Progress reports. (C) Grades and course selections. (D) The student graduation rate, as defined 
as the percentage of students who graduate from secondary school with a regular di-ploma in the standard number of years. 
(E) Rates of student completion of the Free 
Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
(F) Rates of enrollment in an institution of 
higher education. 
(G) Rates of completion at an institution 
of higher education. 
(12) A description of what will happen to 
the funds in the college savings account por-tion of the American Dream Accounts that are dedicated to participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) who have not ma-triculated at an institution of higher edu-cation at the time of the conclusion of the period of American Dream Account manage-ment described in paragraph (9), including how the eligible entity will give students this information. 
(13) A description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) will have access to the Internet. 
(14) A description of how the eligible entity 
will take into consideration how funds in the college savings account portion of American Dream Accounts will affect participating families’ eligibility for public assistance. 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to applications from eligible entities that— 
(1) are described in subparagraph (G) or (H) 
of section 10302(7); 
(2) serve the largest number of low-income 
students; 
(3) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 10302(7), provide opportunities for partici-pating students described in subsection (b)(1) to participate in a dual or concurrent enroll-
ment program or early college high school program at no cost to the student or the stu-dent’s family; or 
(4) as of the time of application, have been 
awarded a grant under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–21 et seq.) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘GEAR UP pro-gram’’). 
SEC. 10305. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall use such grant funds to establish an American Dream Account for each participating student de-scribed in section 10304(b)(1), that will be used to— 
(1) open a college savings account for such 
student; 
(2) monitor the progress of such student 
online, which— 
(A) shall include monitoring student data 
relating to— 
(i) grades and course selections; (ii) progress reports; and (iii) attendance and disciplinary records; 
and 
(B) may also include monitoring student 
data relating to a broad range of informa-tion, provided by teachers and family mem-bers, related to postsecondary education readiness, access, and completion; 
(3) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about fi-nancial literacy, including by— 
(A) assisting such students in financial 
planning for enrollment in an institution of higher education; 
(B) assisting such students in identifying 
and applying for financial aid (such as loans, grants, and scholarships) for an institution of higher education; and 
(C) enhancing student understanding of 
consumer, economic, and personal finance concepts; 
(4) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about preparing for enrollment in an institution of higher education, including by providing in-struction to students about— 
(A) choosing the appropriate courses to 
prepare for postsecondary education; 
(B) applying to an institution of higher 
education; 
(C) building a student portfolio, which may 
be used when applying to an institution of higher education; 
(D) selecting an institution of higher edu-
cation; 
(E) choosing a major for the student’s post-
secondary program of education or a career path; and 
(F) adapting to life at an institution of 
higher education; and 
(5) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to identify skills or interests, including career interests. 
(b) A
CCESS TO AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) 
and (4), and in accordance with applicable Federal laws and regulations relating to pri-vacy of information and the privacy of chil-dren, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall allow vested stake-holders, as described in paragraph (2), to have secure access, through an Internet website, to an American Dream Account. 
(2) V
ESTED STAKEHOLDERS .—The vested 
stakeholders that an eligible entity shall permit to access an American Dream Ac-count are individuals (such as the student’s teachers, school counselors, school adminis-trators, or other individuals) that are des-ignated, in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’), by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5428 July 21, 2015 
the parent of a participating student in 
whose name such American Dream Account is held, as having permission to access the account. A student’s parent may withdraw such designation from an individual at any time. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR COLLEGE SAVINGS AC -
COUNT .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not be required to give vested stakeholders, as described in paragraph (2), access to the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
(4) A
DULT STUDENTS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), if a participating student is age 18 or older, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall not provide access to such participating stu-dent’s American Dream Account without the student’s consent, in accordance with sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) I
NPUT OF STUDENT INFORMATION .—Stu-
dent data collected pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be entered into an American Dream Account only by a school adminis-trator or the designee of such administrator. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF STUDENT INFOR -
MATION .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not use any stu-dent-level information or data for the pur-pose of soliciting, advertising, or marketing any financial or non-financial consumer product or service that is offered by such eli-gible entity, or on behalf of any other per-son. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF GRANT  
FUNDS .—An eligible entity shall not use 
grant funds provided under this part to pro-vide any deposits into a college savings ac-count portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
SEC. 10306. REPORTS AND EVALUATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the Secretary has disbursed grants under this part, and annually thereafter until each grant disbursed under this part has ended, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, which shall include an eval-uation of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram established under this part. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall— 
(1) list the grants that have been awarded 
under section 10303(a); 
(2) include the number of students who 
have an American Dream Account estab-lished through a grant awarded under sec-tion 10303(a); 
(3) provide data (including the interest ac-
crued on college savings accounts that are part of an American Dream Account) in the aggregate, regarding students who have an American Dream Account established through a grant awarded under section 10303(a), as compared to similarly situated students who do not have an American Dream Account; 
(4) identify best practices developed by the 
eligible entities receiving grants under this part; 
(5) identify any issues related to student 
privacy and stakeholder accessibility to American Dream Accounts; 
(6) provide feedback from participating 
students and the parents of such students about the grant program, including— 
(A) the impact of the program; (B) aspects of the program that are suc-
cessful; 
(C) aspects of the program that are not 
successful; and 
(D) any other data required by the Sec-
retary; and (7) provide recommendations for expanding 
the American Dream Accounts program. 
SEC. 10307. ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE FEDERAL 
STUDENT FINANCIAL AID. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any funds that are in the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account shall not affect such stu-dent’s eligibility to receive Federal student financial aid, including any Federal student financial aid under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), and shall not be considered in determining the amount of any such Federal student aid. 
SEC. 10308. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
SEC. 10309. REPORT ON THE REDUCTION OF THE 
NUMBER AND PERCENTAGE OF STU-DENTS WHO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL. 
Not later than 5 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Director of the In-stitute of Education Sciences shall evaluate the impact of section 1111(c)(1)(M) on reduc-ing the number and percentage of students who drop out of school. 
SEC. 10310. REPORT ON NATIVE AMERICAN LAN-
GUAGE MEDIUM EDUCATION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to authorize a study to evaluate all levels of education being provided primarily through the medium of Native languages and to require a report of the findings, within the context of the findings, purposes, and provi-sions of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901), the findings, purposes, and provisions of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and other related laws. 
(b) S
TUDY AND REVIEW .—The Secretary of 
Education shall award grants to eligible en-tities to study and review Native language medium schools and programs. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a con-sortium that— 
(1) includes not less than 3 units of an in-
stitution of higher education, such as a de-partment, center, or college, that has signifi-cant experience— 
(A) and expertise in Native American or 
Alaska Native languages, and Native lan-guage medium education; and 
(B) in outreach and collaboration with Na-
tive communities; 
(2) has within its membership at least 10 
years of experience— 
(A) addressing a range of Native American 
or Alaska Native languages and indigenous language medium education issues through the lens of Native studies, linguistics, and education; and 
(B) working in close association with a va-
riety of schools and programs taught pre-dominantly through the medium of a Native language; 
(3) includes for each of American Indians, 
Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians, at least 1 unit of an institution of higher edu-cation that focuses on schools that serve such populations; and 
(4) includes Native American scholars and 
staff who are fluent in Native American lan-guages. 
(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education that— 
(1) identifies 1 unit in the consortium that 
is the lead unit of the consortium for the study, reporting, and funding purposes; 
(2) includes letters of verification of par-
ticipation from the top internal administra-tors of each unit in the consortium; (3) includes a brief description of how the 
consortium meets the eligibility qualifica-tions under subsection (c); 
(4) describes the work proposed to carry 
out the purpose of this section; and 
(5) provides other information as requested 
by the Secretary of Education. 
(e) S
COPE OF STUDY .—An eligible entity 
that receives a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to study and review Na-tive American language medium schools and programs and evaluate the components, poli-cies, and practices of successful Native lan-guage medium schools and programs and how the students who enroll in them do over the long term, including— 
(1) the level of expertise in educational 
pedagogy, Native language fluency, and ex-perience of the principal, teachers, para-professionals, and other educational staff; 
(2) how such schools and programs are 
using Native languages to provide instruc-tion in reading, language arts, mathematics, science, and, as applicable, other core aca-demic subjects; 
(3) how such school and programs’ cur-
ricula incorporates the relevant Native cul-ture of the students; 
(4) how such schools and programs assess 
the academic proficiency of the students, in-cluding— 
(A) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in the Native language of instruction; 
(B) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in English; and 
(C) how the standards measured by the as-
sessments in the Native language of instruc-tion and in English compare; 
(5) the academic, graduation rate, and 
other outcomes of students who have com-pleted the highest grade taught primarily through such schools or programs, including, when available, college attendance rates compared with demographically similar stu-dents who did not attend a school in which the language of instruction was a Native lan-guage; and 
(6) other appropriate information con-
sistent with the purpose of this section. 
(f) O
THER ENTITIES .—An eligible entity 
may enter into a contract with another indi-vidual, entity, or organization to assist in carrying out research necessary to fulfill the purpose of this section. 
(g) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this section shall— 
(1) develop a detailed statement of findings 
and conclusions regarding the study com-pleted under subsection (e), including rec-ommendations for such legislative and ad-ministrative actions as the eligible entity considers to be appropriate; and 
(2) submit a report setting forth the find-
ings and conclusions, including recommenda-tions, described in paragraph (1) to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(C) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(E) The Secretary of Education. (F) The Secretary of the Interior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JY6.043 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5429 July 21, 2015 
CONDEMNING THE ATTACKS OF 
JULY 16, 2015, IN CHATTANOOGA, TENNESSEE, AND HONORING THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 227, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 227) condemning the 
attacks of July 16, 2015, in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee, honoring the members of the Armed Forces who lost their lives, and expressing support and prayers for all those affected. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 227) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 
22, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 
22; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each; lastly, that the majority control the first hour and the Demo-crats control the second hour. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:21 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, July 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
KATHRYN M. DOMINGUEZ, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF FOUR-TEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2004, VICE JEREMY C. STEIN, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
LEONARD TERRY STRAND, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF IOWA, VICE MARK W. BENNETT, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. THERON G. DAVIS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN M. MURRAY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. ANTHONY R. IERARDI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GARRETT S. YEE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. PATRICK J. REINERT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE OF ADMIRAL IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE 
AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601, AND TITLE 50, U.S.C., SECTION 2511: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES F. CALDWELL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JOSEPH P. AUCOIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CEDRIC E. PRINGLE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:07 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21JY6.057 S21JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1085 July 21, 2015 
REMEMBERING THE VICTIMS OF 
THE S.S. ‘‘EASTLAND’’ DISASTER 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with a 
heavy heart that I stand before you today to pay tribute to the victims of the S.S. Eastland 
disaster, which occurred in Chicago 100 years ago. On the centennial of this solemn event, the family of one of the victims, Anna Kubiak, will lay down a ceremonial wreath in remem-brance of Anna and the other victims of the disaster. The S.S. Eastland Memorial dedica-
tion ceremony will take place at the Old Light-house Museum in Michigan City, Indiana, on July 25, 2015. 
The S.S. Eastland disaster occurred on the 
morning of July 24, 1915, near the Clark Street Bridge in Chicago, Illinois. The S.S. Eastland was chartered by the Western Elec-
tric Company to transport employees, families, and friends across Lake Michigan to Michigan City for a day of celebration that was to in-clude food, a parade, sporting events, and other festivities. 
Unfortunately, the S.S. Eastland never left 
the Chicago River that tragic morning. While the S.S. Eastland was still docked, it slowly 
began to roll over into the river with more than 2,500 passengers and crew members on board. Eight hundred and forty-four people lost their lives in the disaster, including twenty-two complete families, and many more were in-jured. The immense loss sustained that day will be recalled by generations to come, and the tragedy of that fateful morning will be re-membered as one of the most catastrophic maritime events in American history. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-
guished colleagues to join me in commemo-rating the centennial anniversary of the S.S. Eastland disaster. We honor the victims and 
their families as we remember this devastating day in our nation’s history. I would like to com-mend the efforts of the many people who dedicated their time and efforts to make the S.S. Eastland Memorial dedication ceremony 
possible. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEG-
ACY OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S MARION CLIFTON ‘‘M.C.’’ DAVIS 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s Marion Clifton ‘‘M.C.’’ Davis, who lost his battle with lung cancer on July 11, 2015. A longtime resident of Walton County, Florida, M.C. had an abiding love for Northwest Flor-ida. He dedicated much of his life to pre-serving the Gulf Coast’s natural beauty for 
current generations and future generations to come, and the Northwest Florida community mourns his passing. 
Born October 18, 1944 in Douglas, Georgia, 
M.C. graduated with a Political Science de-gree from the University of North Carolina in 1970 and his J.D. from Samford Law School in 1973. After an immensely successful busi-ness career, which saw him pursue many dif-ferent career paths, M.C. decided to use his success to help restore and preserve the land that he loved. Northwest Florida is blessed with immense biological and ecological diver-sity, with a high concentration of plants and wildlife alike, and in 2000, M.C. purchased more than 50,000 acres of land in Walton County to create the Nokuse Plantation, the largest privately held nature preserve east of the Mississippi River. 
As a result of his dedication to conservation, 
M.C. has helped lead efforts to restore several native plant and animal species, including longleaf pine, which once blanketed millions of acres in the Southeast, and gopher tortoises, which are listed by the state as a threatened species. In addition, countless plants and ani-mals from diverse parts of nature can be found on Nokuse Plantation, including eagles, ospreys, bobcats, foxes, raccoons and arma-dillos, among others. Indeed, M.C. has called this project a 300-year effort to help restore the full biological wealth bestowed on North-west Florida. 
Nokuse Plantation also sits in a critical area 
of Northwest Florida, serving as a link be-tween several important sites, including Eglin Air Force Base Reserve, Blackwater River State Forest and the Conecuh National Forest. By helping to preserve this critical resource, Nokuse Plantation also helps ensure that suffi-cient base buffering exists to support critical military missions at Eglin Air Force Base. 
In addition to his work establishing Nokuse 
Plantation, M.C. also founded the E.O. Wilson Biophilia Center. Located on the Nokuse Plan-tation, the E.O. Wilson Biophilia Center pro-vides students in the 4th through 7th grades, as well as their teachers, the opportunity to study in one of the most biodiverse eco-systems in the United States. Each year, more than 5,000 students from across Northwest Florida study at the E.O. Wilson Biophilia Cen-ter, which helps integrate into the State of Florida’s curriculum, particularly in the impor-tant Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) fields. 
Throughout his life, M.C. touched the lives 
of many and without question, his generosity and commitment to nature will be felt in North-west Florida for many generations to come. While many will remember M.C. for his dedi-cation to preserving Northwest Florida’s nat-ural beauty, to those who knew him best, M.C. will be remembered as a loving husband, fa-ther, and grandfather. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
am privileged to recognize the life of M.C. Davis. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and condolences to his wife and high school sweetheart, Stella; his children Crystal, 
Lisa, and Wendy; his granddaughters, Claire, Alex, Julia, Mary-Shelton; and the entire Davis family. 
f 
CELEBRATING ELOISE BRONAK’S 
100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Mrs. Eloise Bronak on her 100th Birthday, which she will be celebrating on July 28, 2015. 
Eloise Bronak was born in Decatur, Illinois. 
She has lived in Texas and Michigan, and eventually settled in St. Clair, MO. For the past seven years, she has lived at Willow Brooke Assisted Living Facility in Union, MO. Eloise served our nation during World War II as a Navy nurse. In 1944, Eloise joined the Navy as a registered nurse, but was unable to serve overseas due to her height. ‘‘They wouldn’t let me go overseas because I was too little—I couldn’t stretch enough,’’ she joked. ‘‘I was to take what was left over.’’ Dur-ing her service of three years in the Navy, Elo-ise took care of wounded soldiers who re-turned to the United States. After her time in the service, she continued to serve in the medical field by working in public health, at the medical department at Chrysler in St. Louis, MO, and in health care in St. Louis County. Eloise had the opportunity to see the World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C. with the Franklin County Honor Flight. 
Birthdays are a very special time. It’s a time 
to come together and celebrate your life and accomplishments and recognize the impact that you have had on the lives of those around you. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Eloise 
Bronak on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VIETNAM VETERANS 
ON THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE START OF THE VIETNAM WAR 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the veterans of the Vietnam War on the 50th anniversary of the start of the con-flict. 
U.S. ground combat operations began in 
South Vietnam in 1965, with the last troops being pulled out in May 1975. Over three and a half million Americans served in Vietnam during that period, and more than 58,000 lost 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JY8.001 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1086 July 21, 2015 
their lives. It is my honor to recognize the vet-
erans of Vietnam and their families for their patriotism and sacrifice. 
While this anniversary presents a clear op-
portunity to remember the sacrifices of our veterans, I want to make sure our nation does not forget their contributions in the generations to come. The immense perseverance and bravery of our soldiers both in the face of con-flict and in the decades following exemplify the American commitment to service and democ-racy. We owe these veterans our profoundest gratitude. 
I would particularly like to recognize the 
contributions of Michigan veterans. Over 400,000 men and women of our state served in the Vietnam War, with 2,654 paying the ulti-mate sacrifice. 
On July 18th, we honor our state’s veterans 
at the Great Lakes National Cemetery in Holly, Michigan. It is my honor to represent many of these men and women, and my duty to re-spectfully preserve their memories with the same dedication with which these veterans defended our freedoms. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the veterans of Viet-
nam and extend my deepest appreciation to them for their years of service to our great country. 
f 
THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHIL-DREN: ENSURING ACCURATE NUMBERS AND ADMINISTRATION ACTION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank all of everyone—especially all of the left-behind parents I saw in the audience— for joining me at a hearing I held last week to discuss how the U.S. Department of State’s first annual report under the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Pre-vention and Return Act can better correspond with the mandate set by Congress and achieve the return of abducted American chil-dren, which is the ultimate objective of the Goldman Act. 
Every year, an estimated 1,000 American 
children are unlawfully removed from their homes by one of their parents and taken across international borders. 
International parental child abduction rips 
children from their homes and families and whisks them away to a foreign land, alienating them from the love and care of the parent and family left behind. 
Child abduction is child abuse, and it con-
tinues to plague families across the United States. 
For decades, the State Department has 
used ‘‘quiet diplomacy’’ to attempt to bring these children home. But we know that less than half of these children ever come home— even from countries that have signed the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction. 
In a hearing I held on this issue back in 
2009, former Assistant Secretary of State Ber-nie Aronson called quiet diplomacy ‘‘a sophis-ticated form of begging.’’ Thousands of Amer-ican families still ruptured and grieving from years of unresolved abductions confirm that 
‘‘quiet diplomacy’’ is gravely inadequate. 
Last year, Congress unanimously passed 
the Goldman Act to give teeth to requests for return and access. The actions required by the law escalate in severity, and range from offi-cial protests through diplomatic channels, to extradition, to the suspension of development, security, or other foreign assistance. 
The Goldman Act is a law calculated to get 
results, as we did in the return of Sean Gold-man from Brazil in late December, 2009. 
But the new law is only as good as its im-
plementation. 
The State Department’s first annual report 
that we reviewed last week is the first step in moving past ‘‘quiet diplomacy’’ to results. The State Department must get this report right in order to trigger the actions above and for the law to be an effective tool. 
Countries should be listed as worst offend-
ers if they have high numbers of cases—30 percent or more—that have been pending over a year: or if their judicial or administrative branch, or central authority for abduction fail in their duties under the Hague Convention or other controlling agreement, or; if their law en-forcement rarely fails to enforce return orders or access rights. 
Once these countries are properly classified, 
the Secretary of State then determines which of the aforementioned actions the U.S. will apply to the country in order to encourage the timely resolution of abduction and access cases. 
While the State Department has choice of 
which tools to apply, and can waive actions for up to 180 days, the State Department does not have discretion over whether to report ac-curately to Congress on the country’s record, or on whether the country is objectively non- compliant. 
As we have seen in the human trafficking 
context—I authored the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 as well as the Goldman Act—accurate accounting of a country’s record, especially in comparison with other countries, can do wonders to prod much need-ed reform. 
Accurate reporting is also critical to family 
court judges across the country and parents considering their child’s travel to a foreign country where abduction or access problems are a risk. 
The stakes are high: misleading or incom-
plete information could mean the loss of an-other American child to abduction. 
For example, a judge might look at the re-
port table filled with zeros in the unresolved cases category—such as in the case of Japan—and erroneously conclude that a coun-try is not of concern, giving permission to an estranged spouse to travel with the child for a vacation. The estranged spouse then abducts the child and the left-behind parent spends his or her life savings and many years trying to get the child returned to the U.S. 
All of which could have been avoided with 
accurate reporting on the danger. 
I am very concerned that the first annual re-
port contains major gaps and even misleading information, especially when it comes to coun-tries with which we have the most intractable abduction cases. 
For instance, the report indicates that India, 
which has consistently been in the top five destinations for abducted American children, had 19 new cases in 2014, 22 resolved cases, and no unresolved cases. However, we know 
from the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children, or NCMEC, that India has 53 open abduction cases—and that 51 have been pending for more than 1 year. 
While the State Department has shown will-
ingness to work constructively on making the report better—for example, meeting last week with staff—our June 11 hearing left many questions unanswered as to why this report failed to hold countries accountable for unre-solved cases. 
We wrote the law with the belief that the 
State Department was formally raising these cases by name with the foreign ministries of destination countries, and asked that cases still pending one year after being raised would be counted as ‘‘unresolved.’’ 
But these cases were not included in the re-
port. A few parents who reported their cases to the State Department years ago and who have been consistently begging the Depart-ment for help were told by their case officers recently that the cases were formally commu-nicated to India in May of 2015. 
May of 2015—delay is denial. The Goldman Act also requires the State 
Department to take actions against countries such as India and Japan if they refuse to re-solve abduction and access cases. 
The Goldman Act also requires the State 
Department to begin negotiations with coun-tries like India and Japan for a bilateral agree-ment to secure the resolution of the more than 100 open cases we have pending with those two countries—cases that are not listed as ‘‘unresolved’’ in the report. 
The Goldman Act requires an end to the 
status quo—but the first step toward change is telling the truth in the report. 
Which is why I am so concerned that Japan 
was not listed as showing a persistent failure to work with the U.S. on abduction cases. Japan has never issued and enforced a return order for a single one of the hundreds of American children abducted there. 
It holds the world record on the abduction of 
American children never returned. 
And yet it got a pass on more than 50 open 
cases, most of which have been pending for 5 years or more. 
Among such cases is that of Sgt. Michael 
Elias, who has not seen his children, Jade and Michael Jr., since 2008. Michael served as a Marine who saw combat in Iraq. His wife, who worked in the Japanese consulate, used docu-ments fraudulently obtained with the apparent complicity of Japanese consulate personnel to kidnap their children, then aged 4 and 2, in defiance of a court order, telling Michael on a phone call that there was nothing that he could do, as ‘‘my country will protect me.’’ 
Her country, very worried about its designa-
tion in the new report, sent a high-level dele-gation in March to meet with Ambassador Ja-cobs and explain why Japan should be ex-cused from being listed as ‘‘non-compliant,’’ despite the fact that more than one year after signing the Hague Convention on the Civil As-pects of International Child Abduction, Japan has ordered zero returns to the U.S. 
Just before the report was released in 
May—two weeks late—Takashi Okada, Dep-uty Director General in the Secretariat of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told the Japanese Diet that he had been in consultation with the State Department and ‘‘because we strived to make an explanation to the U.S. side, I hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JY8.005 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1087 July 21, 2015 
that the report contents will be based on our 
country’s efforts.’’ 
In other words, Japan understood it would 
get a pass from the State Department and es-cape the list of countries facing action by the U.S. for their failure to resolve abduction cases based on what Mr. Okada euphemistically refers to as ‘‘efforts,’’ not re-sults. 
Sgt. Michael Elias’s country has utterly 
failed to protect him. He has seen zero progress in his case over the last year—the 7th year of his heart-wrenching ordeal—and yet the State Department cannot even bring itself to hold Japan accountable by naming Japan a worst offender in the annual report. 
The Goldman Act is clear: All requests for 
return that the State Department submitted to the foreign ministry and that remained unre-solved 12 months later are to be counted against Japan—and followed up with action. 
The Goldman Act has given the State De-
partment new and powerful tools to bring Japan, and other countries, to the resolution table. The goal is not to disrupt relations but to heal the painful rifts caused by international child abduction. 
The question still remains, will the State De-
partment use the Goldman Act as required by law? 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLLIN HORAN FOR 
EXCEPTIONAL COMMUNITY SERVICE ON BEHALF OF THE NORTH POINT VETERANS PRO-GRAM 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Collin Horan, a Greencastle-Antrim Middle School student, for his dedicated serv-ice to the North Point Veterans Program. 
Mr. Horan chose to work with the North 
Point Veteran’s Home, a housing, employ-ment, independent living, and recovery-ori-ented service provider for displaced veterans, out of a sense of gratitude for our former serv-ice members, and given his family’s ties to the military. 
After speaking with the home’s 23 current 
residents, Mr. Horan set out with the help and support of his parents, Don and Lauren Horan, to provide the veterans with an impressive do-nation, which included home living essentials like towels and toiletry items, as well as signifi-cant funds for the home to purchase a refrig-erator and laptop computer. 
Garnering support from the members of St. 
Paul’s Lutheran Church in Funkstown and a number of local businesses, Mr. Horan worked tirelessly and even overcame a health setback to complete the service project in conjunction with his church confirmation. 
It is my honor to recognize Mr. Horan, a 
selfless young man, and congratulate him for his committed service to the North Point Vet-eran’s Home, our country’s service members, and his local community. RECOGNIZING DR. RON KRUSE FOR 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a constituent of mine, Dr. Ron Kruse. He retired as Executive Director from the Developmental Services of Franklin Coun-ty on June 8, 2015. Dr. Kruse has contributed to the county for 28 years. 
Dr. Kruse was the first employee and exec-
utive director hired in 1987, and under his leadership DSFC expanded to a team of 142 employees. He served 38 years in the field, 28 of those serving the people of Franklin County with developmental disabilities. His work pro-vided case management at the local level by developing the Franklin County Dental Net-work, Behavioral Services Early Intervention programming, and by partnering with county agencies to meet the residents’ transportation needs. This showcases his ability to make a positive impact and leave behind a strong leg-acy with an organization that provides quality, innovative services. 
DSFC enhances employment opportunities, 
educational and developmental programs, family support programs, and community living options. The organization also promotes public awareness and community collaboration to serve individuals with developmental disabil-ities, such as Cerebral Palsy, Epilepsy, Au-tism, or a similar condition diagnosed before the age of 22. Thanks to Dr. Kruse’s efforts, Franklin County will continue to move in the right direction for people with development dis-abilities. 
With this retirement, Dr. Ron Kruse can now 
spend more time with his family which in-cludes: his wife Pamela, daughters Jill and Kate, and grandson Ellis. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Dr. Ron 
Kruse on his retirement after 28 years of com-mitment to his community. 
f 
HONORING MR. ROY LEE SEAY 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Mr. Roy Lee Seay, who has been honored for his services in the Vietnam War. Through his service in the United States Army, Mr. Seay earned several medals and awards such as the Bronze Star, the Army Commendation Medal with one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster, the National Defense Service Medal, the Combat Infantryman Badge, the Marksman Badge with Auto Rifle Bar, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with ‘‘60’’ device. Mr. Seay was also recently sur-prised to find out he has been recognized with the following awards: the Silver Star, the Viet-nam Service Medal with three Bronze Service Stars, the Sharpshooter Badge with Rifle and Machinegun Bars, and the Republic of Viet-nam Gallantry Cross Unity Citation with Palm Device. 
Mr. Seay was born July 12, 1947 in Mer 
Rogue, Louisiana to the late Robert Seay and Elizabeth Seay. In October 1970, roughly eight 
months after returning from the war, Mr. Seay and his wife, Maggie Seay, moved to Min-neapolis, Minnesota, where he worked for Food Machinery Corporation/United Defense Industries for twenty-nine years until his retire-ment in 1999. 
Mr. Seay is a dedicated member of his 
church, New Salem Missionary Baptist Church in Minneapolis, where he also works as a Sunday School Teacher. Mr. Seay’s family is of utmost importance to him. He is the proud father of three daughters: Debra Brinkley, Sandra Moore, and Lawanda Moore; and one son: Lonnie LaValias. 
I wish to congratulate Mr. Seay and his en-
tire family, on a lifetime of service—to his county, to his family, and to his community. Thank you, Roy, for your service. 
f 
DIGNIFIED INTERMENT OF OUR 
VETERANS ACT 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
shed light on an issue plaguing our nation’s veterans, and to thank two of my constituents from Fayette County, Mr. Lanny Golden, a Vietnam Veteran, and Mr. Ron Metros, a member of Rolling Thunder’s Pennsylvania Chapter 5, for working with me on legislation to return dignity and respect to our country’s heroes. 
There are an estimated 47,000 unclaimed 
veteran remains that have been left to collect dust on funeral home shelves because the next of kin has not or could not be identified. Existing legislation directs the Veteran Affairs Administration, veteran service organizations, and funeral directors to work together in identi-fying veteran status for the deceased and making every effort to locate the next of kin. Unfortunately, there are a host of barriers that prevent effective collaboration among these stakeholders. For example, in my state of Pennsylvania, the Missing in America Project found nearly 100 unclaimed veterans within a couple years’ time. Some of those veterans were sitting on shelves for more than 20 years awaiting burial. 
We can speculate regarding the reason for 
this disgrace but we cannot know for sure without giving this issue the attention it de-serves. That is why I have introduced H.R. 1338 ‘‘Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015.’’ My bill requires the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to conduct a study on matters re-lating to the claiming and interring of un-claimed veteran remains. The intent of the study is to confirm the scope of this problem, 
uncover any barriers associated with claiming and interring veteran remains, and solicit rec-ommendations from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs on potential program improve-ments. This is the first step in returning honor to our country’s heroes. 
Again, I would like to thank Mr. Metros and 
Mr. Golden for their dedicated work in service to our country’s veterans. When asked why he is so passionate about this issue, Mr. Golden, who served with the First Air Cavalry Division during the Vietnam War, simply replied that these are his Brothers in Arms and they de-serve to be buried beside those that have walked the same path. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JY8.006 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1088 July 21, 2015 
I fully agree with Mr. Golden and would like 
to say thank you to all who have served this great nation. I will make every effort to ensure your final resting place be of dignity and honor. We will not forget you. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE MICHAEL 
POLLARD 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to 
recognize the hard work of Judge Michael Pol-lard and his tremendous impact on the Tucson community. 
His selfless work for the American people 
started when he was drafted into the United States Marine Corps in 1967. He was as-signed to the Echo Company 2nd Battalion 4th Marines, proudly serving his country in Viet-nam. 
Following his time in the military, Judge Pol-
lard graduated from the University of Arizona, College of Law in 1972. He then worked tire-lessly in private practice as a prosecutor and public defender for 20 years before being ap-pointed as a Tucson City Court magistrate in 1994. 
Since that appointment, Judge Pollard has 
worked relentlessly to improve his community through his service on various committees, in-cluding as chair of the Arizona Supreme Court Committee on the Impact of Domestic Vio-lence in the Courts, as the state judicial rep-resentative to the Arizona Full Faith and Credit Team, and as co-chair of the Tucson/Pima County Homeless Plan Implementation Task Force, continuing to direct homeless courts in the region. 
Judge Pollard’s most recent contribution to 
Tucson can be found in his honorable and dedicated work with his fellow veterans. In 2009, along with a handful of other judges, he developed the Regional Municipalities Vet-erans Treatment Court. This organization works to provide veterans an opportunity to avoid jail time and clear any misdemeanor charges they may have on their record. In re-turn, the veteran must complete court-man-dated rehabilitation and support courses, many times working with the Southern Arizona VA Health Care System and other local orga-nizations that provide those services. Since its inception, this program has allowed over 600 veterans to work towards a healthy, clean life-style without the difficulties of possessing a criminal record. 
Thanks to Judge Pollard and his team, 
countless veterans have been able to move past their misdemeanors and progress to non- violent, healthy lives. He sees these mis-demeanors not as permanent hardships, but as potential turning points for those who ac-cept them. He provides a second chance for those who have fought for our country, and for this I am grateful. Judge Pollard demonstrates an individual who truly works for the better-ment of his community, both among Tucsonans and his fellow veterans. IN TRIBUTE TO UMOS ON THEIR 
50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-
ute to UMOS, a nationally renowned agency whose corporate headquarters is based in Mil-waukee, Wisconsin. In July, 2015, UMOS will celebrate its 50th Anniversary. 
UMOS began as a single-focused, single 
state, migrant and seasonal farm worker serv-ing agency only. Today, UMOS offers various programs and services to diverse populations with a diverse staff. Currently, UMOS employs 300 people and operates 40+ programs with more than $25 million grant and performance- based contracts from federal, state, and local funding sources. 
UMOS operates programs throughout the 
state of Wisconsin, as well as in Minnesota, Missouri, and Texas, along with a housing consortium in an eight-state area. It provides programs and services in three major cat-egories: workforce development, child devel-opment, and social services including: farm labor, housing, HIV prevention services, do-mestic violence, sexual assault and human trafficking supportive services, home energy assistance, food pantry and Head Start. In ad-dition to these programs, UMOS sponsors and organizes a number of cultural and community events in Wisconsin. 
Much of the success of UMOS can be at-
tributed to its longtime President and Chief Ex-ecutive Officer, Lupe Martinez. He has led the agency for over 40 years and spent most of his professional career at UMOS. Mr. Martinez is dedicated to advocating and providing pro-grams and services to improve employment, provide education opportunities as well as health and housing supports for UMOS’ clien-tele whether they are migrant and seasonal farm workers or other underserved popu-lations. Lupe Martinez has always gravitated toward leadership roles even as a child; he was one of 10 siblings in a family of migrant workers and accepted the responsibility of paying bills and managing the family finances. Today he manages the largest Hispanic non-profit organization in Wisconsin and one of the largest in the nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say the UMOS 
hails from the 4th Congressional District, and pleased to give praise to Lupe Martinez, their Board of Directors and staff. I wish them many more years of success. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER 
AND RETIREMENT OF MR. MARTY BEIL 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the exceptional career of Mr. Marty Beil, who will retire this week after having served as Executive Director of the American Federa-tion of State, Municipal and County Employ-ees (AFSCME) Council 24, the Wisconsin State Employees Union since 1985. Over the course of his 30 years at the helm of 
AFSCME Council 24, Marty has come to be known by many as the face of public em-ployee unions in the State of Wisconsin. 
Marty began his career in public service in 
1969 working for the state’s Division of Cor-rections as a probation and parole officer. It didn’t take long for Marty to become involved 
with the union, and in 1973 he became presi-dent of the local chapter. In 1978 Marty was then elected president of the Wisconsin State Employees Union, a position which he held until 1985 when he was chosen to take over as executive director. Throughout his time as director, Marty was appointed by Wisconsin Governors to many high level committees and commissions on which he served as the spokesman for Council 24 and an outspoken advocate for state employees. 
The hallmark of Marty’s career was perhaps 
during the highly divisive 2011 session of the Wisconsin State Legislature when Governor Scott Walker introduced Act 10, the controver-sial legislation suspending most collective bar-gaining powers of the state’s public unions. The bill was unprecedented in Wisconsin, which was the first state in the country to pro-vide collective bargaining rights to public em-ployees in 1959, and the legislation drew sig-nificant public dissent. Marty provided pivotal leadership and was a constant presence throughout the weeks of protests at the State Capitol where crowds of demonstrators num-bered over 100,000 at times. 
It is a true honor to recognize the career of 
Marty Beil, a tireless advocate and leader for state employees and working families in my district and across the state. His contributions are an important legacy in the longstanding tradition of fighting for workers’ rights and pro-tections in the State of Wisconsin. 
f 
HONORING BOB FALLSTROM 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Bob Fallstrom, a friend, veteran, and newsman, who passed away on July 10, 2015 at the age of 88. Mr. Fallstrom served as an integral part of life in central Illinois by delivering the news to count-less Central Illinoisans for 66 years. He left a lasting impact on many throughout the entire state of Illinois. 
As a young man, Mr. Fallstrom worked at a 
movie theatre with the dream of a career in the news. Despite never having earned a col-lege degree, he eventually achieved his dream, landing a position with the Herald & Review, a local newspaper in Decatur, Illinois. 
Mr. Fallstrom put his professional dreams 
on hold to serve his country during World War II—a testament to his dedication to service and putting others first in all aspects of his life. 
After the war, Mr. Fallstrom returned to cen-
tral Illinois and once again picked up his re-porter’s notebook. He worked for decades as a sports editor for the paper and kept regular attendance at sporting events throughout the region. Known as the ‘‘good news editor,’’ he was also described as a ‘‘talking encyclo-pedia’’ of central Illinois history. 
I am proud to honor Mr. Fallstrom for his 
service to his country and his community. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JY8.009 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1089 July 21, 2015 
was a devoted husband, father, veteran, and 
newsman that left an indelible memory on the lives of so many. My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Fallstrom’s family as central Illinois has lost a truly bright and impactful leader. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR. 
ALGIN ROBERTS 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize an outstanding individual, Mr. Algin Roberts, of Frankfort, Kentucky. Mr. Roberts celebrates his ninetieth birthday on July 26th, and I want to honor that special occasion by acknowledging his distinguished military serv-ice during World War II. Mr. Roberts, a part of the greatest generation, served our nation in the United States Army. 
Mr. Roberts joined the Army when he was 
just fifteen and he turned sixteen while cross-ing the Atlantic to fight. He was a member of the Army’s 1st Infantry Division. They took part in the invasion of North Africa and Sicily. They were later sent to England for R&R and were a part of the D-Day invasion in 1944. Mr. Roberts’ unit was among the first to land on Omaha Beach where the fighting was fierce. Mr. Roberts later came down with malaria and spent a long recovery time in England. 
After the war, Mr. Roberts returned home 
and became a Kentucky State Police officer where he had a long and distinguished career. 
The bravery of Mr. Roberts and his fellow 
men and women of the United States Army is heroic. Because of the courage of individuals from Franklin County and from all across our great nation, our freedoms have been saved for our generation and for future generations. He is truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a hero to us all. On the special occasion of his ninetieth birthday, he and his family can reflect proudly on his contributions to the world through his brave military service. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO 
THE VICTIMS OF THE SENSE-LESS SHOOTING IN CHAT-TANOOGA, TENNESSEE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
a heavy heart that I rise to speak out against the senseless loss of innocent lives resulting from another unthinkable act of violence. 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the peo-
ple of Chattanooga, Tennessee, who were af-fected by the shootings on Thursday morning, July 16, especially the victims, the families, and our military community affected by this ca-tastrophe. 
From current reports, we know that gun-
shots were fired at a military recruiting center and a Navy Reserve center in different parts of Chattanooga, Tennessee, late Thursday morning, tragically taking the lives of four Ma-rines and wounding several others. 
I want to commend the law enforcement 
and emergency service agencies for their prompt response and management of this 
morning’s tragic shootings and for carrying out the investigation thereafter. 
Americans come together at such times of 
tragedy to support each other. 
So at this time, I ask all Americans to keep 
the victims, their families, and our military members, in their thoughts and prayers. 
There is no place in a civilized society for 
such senseless acts of violence. 
Changing a culture of violence will not hap-
pen overnight but that is no excuse for failing to try. 
We must keeping trying. We must work tire-
lessly. For the sake of the victims of Chat-tanooga, Tennessee, we must not give up. 
I ask the House to observe a moment of si-
lence in memory of the victims in Tennessee, and victims of gun violence everywhere. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,862,792,175.02. We’ve 
added $7,524,985,743,261.94 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY AND JOYCE 
MEZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of lowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Jerry and Joyce Mez, own-ers of the Farmall-Land Museum in Avoca, Iowa. Since 2005, Jerry and Joyce have greet-ed visitors to their museum, home of over 200 International Harvester tractors. Visitors from all 50 states and at least 16 countries, includ-ing Australia, Germany, Spain and the Nether-lands, have viewed this outstanding collection of tractors. 
The Farmall tractors are known as ‘‘reds’’ 
due to their distinctive color. Though the mu-seum opened 10 years ago, it has been Jer-ry’s dream for some 40 years. He started col-lecting International Harvester tractors in 1970. His museum idea followed shortly thereafter. The oldest Farmall tractor in his collection is a 1914 model and the newest model is dated 1985. Joyce also takes an active role in the museum. She helped develop a lounge so pa-trons could rest during the museum tour, which covers 26,500 square feet. The lounge is known as the ‘‘Tractor Widows Lounge.’’ Jerry and Joyce take great pride in sharing their collection with the hundreds of visitors each year. 
I commend Jerry and Joyce for establishing 
the Farmall-Land Museum in Avoca, Iowa. The museum is a great addition to the City of Avoca and to the State of Iowa. I am proud to 
represent Jerry and Joyce in the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating them for achieving their dream and for sharing their collection with us. I wish them and their family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EMMA SHIREY’S 
FULBRIGHT SCHOLAR ACHIEVE-MENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Emma Shirey on re-ceiving a renowned Fulbright English Teaching Assistant Grant for the 2014–2015 academic year. 
Emma, a native of Nixa, Missouri, was 
awarded the Fulbright U.S. Student Program grant to teach in Taiwan, where she has gained valuable career experience serving as an English Teaching Assistant. The award has allowed Emma to interact with young Tai-wanese students and make valuable contribu-tions to Taiwan’s youth after her graduation from Truman State University with a degree in Sociology. 
A Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship 
allows individuals to teach English and serve as a cultural ambassador for the U.S. by being placed in a classroom abroad. In doing so, Emma has successfully played a big role in spreading the value of American ideas and education. 
I am extremely proud that talented, hard-
working and dedicated individuals, such as Emma, represent the Seventh District of Mis-souri. I urge my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Emma Shirey for her service and for receiving this esteemed award. 
f 
IN HONOR OF BECKY MOELLER, 
PAST PRESIDENT AND SEC-RETARY-TREASURER FOR THE TEXAS AFL–CIO 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Ms. Becky K. Moeller for her service to the organized labor movement as Secretary- Treasurer and President of the Texas AFL– CIO. Ms. Moeller’s retirement comes after her long tenure within the Texas AFL–CIO, where she worked to advance hands-on political and legislative educational programs and fight for working people against tough odds. 
In 2003, Ms. Becky Moeller was elected as 
Secretary-Treasurer for the Texas AFL–CIO, making her the first woman to hold a state-wide elected office in the Texas AFL–CIO. During her four year tenure as Secretary- Treasurer, Ms. Moeller used her budgetary ex-pertise to keep many of the organization’s sig-
nature programs despite a decline in funds. 
In 2007, Ms. Moeller was elected President 
of the Texas AFL–CIO, effectively overseeing the 235,000-member labor federation’s legisla-tive, political education and community service programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.004 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1090 July 21, 2015 
During her tenure in these two positions, 
Ms. Moeller helped introduce a revamped and revised education program that enabled orga-nized labor leaders to contact union members more effectively during ‘‘Get Out the Vote’’ campaigns. This particular initiative proved successful for labor-supportive Texas Legisla-ture and Congressional candidates. 
Ms. Moeller’s dedication to organized labor 
goes beyond her work within the AFL–CIO. Before her leadership in the Texas AFL–CIO, Ms. Moeller served as president of the Com-munications Workers of America Local 6137, the Corpus Christi local union representing workers at SBC (now AT&T). Ms. Moeller served in several capacities, including job steward, chief steward, Executive Board mem-ber, vice president and secretary-treasurer. 
Ms. Moeller also served as President of the 
Coastal Bend Labor Council and as a member of the Texas AFL–CIO Executive Board. For several years, Ms. Moeller chaired the Texas AFL–CIO Scholarship Committee. She also traveled the state of Texas to promote unions and assist in a variety of worker actions. 
In addition to her commitment to organized 
labor, Ms. Moeller served as a member of her local United Way Board of Governors and the Corpus Christi Workforce Development Board and also worked a number of voter registration drives. She was appointed by Governor Ann Richards as Chair of the Texas Department of Licensing Regulation commission. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREENFIELD 
MUNICIPAL UTILITIES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa institution, Greenfield Municipal Utilities. On June 12, 2015, Greenfield Municipal Utili-ties celebrated 125 years of business. 
A short ten years after Thomas Edison in-
vented the light bulb, a group of Greenfield city councilmen and businessmen began plan-ning a municipal light plant to provide the town with electricity. In the fall of 1890, their idea became a reality when Greenfield was one of the first towns in Iowa to have a plant. Mem-bers of the Board of Trustees today include Lynne Don Carlos, Terry Schneidedr and Bob Guikema. 
I applaud and congratulate the Greenfield 
Municipal Utilities for their 125 years in Iowa’s Third Congressional District. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating and wishing the Board of Trustees and their employees nothing but success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLIN THOMAS, 
SAM LAFFEY, AND MOSES WEISBERG 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Colin Thomas, Sam Laffey, and Moses Weisberg for their hard work and dedication to 
the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as in-terns in my Washington, DC office for the Summer 2015 session of Congress. 
The work of these young men has been ex-
emplary and I know they all have bright fu-tures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative process. I was glad to be able to offer this educational oppor-tunity to these three and look forward to see-ing them build their careers in public service. 
Our interns have made plans to continue 
their work with various organizations in Wash-ington, Colorado, and Kansas. I am certain they will succeed in their new roles and wish them all the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Colin Thomas, Sam Laffey, and Moses Weisberg for their service this summer. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 
TAYLORVILLE OPTIMIST CLUB ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate the Taylorville Optimist Club on their 50th anniversary this year. The Optimists have shown inspiring dedication to their mission of fostering an opti-mistic way of life in my hometown. 
The Optimist Club was chartered in 1965, 
and there are currently over sixty active mem-bers. Since their charter, they have been a force of good in the community. They instigate a meaningful difference in the attitudes of our community’s youth at events throughout the year; bringing out the best in kids by providing hope and a positive vision. 
Over the past five decades, the Optimist 
Club has been resilient in pursuit of their mis-sion. The club makes various important con-tributions to the people of Taylorville through-out the year. Fitting for this time of year, they honor our freedom by providing the fireworks for the Independence Day celebration. In the spring, they host their annual Easter Egg Hunt for children in the community. During the school year, they assist local students who ex-emplify their mission with scholarships. 
The Taylorville Optimist Club has shown 
that a positive outlook is essential in facing ev-eryday life. Their commitment to service has helped make my hometown community what it is today. As a past member of the Optimist Club, I am proud of this club’s reputation. Its legacy can be seen in the lives of all those it has enriched over the past fifty years, and I look forward to another fifty. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. 
THOMAS FRITZ 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to mourn the loss of Mr. Tom Fritz, who tragically passed away last week in a devastating fishing accident. A leader who 
helped to bring countless jobs and collabo-rative healthcare to Eastern Washington, Tom was a pillar of strength and generosity in our Greater Spokane community and will be great-ly missed. 
A beacon in our community, Tom tirelessly 
led Inland Northwest Health Services for the last 16 years before retiring last December. Founded as a joint venture of the area’s larg-est hospitals and their parent companies, under his guidance, INHS grew to over 1,000 employees and brought in more than $200 million in gross revenues, becoming one of the region’s largest employers and one of its most active businesses. Having the vision to partner with community entities, Tom led INHS to pro-vide exemplary access to health services not only in Spokane but all across our country. He drove their efforts through forward-thinking so-lutions, unique partnerships and innovative technologies. Tom’s vision for INHS was to provide a collaborative approach to health care that is unlike any other. 
Tom had a heart of gold. He tirelessly advo-
cated for programs and initiatives that bene-fited the community he loved. A tremendous leader, Tom will be remembered for his years of service to our community in Eastern Wash-ington and for his commitment to INHS’s col-laborative mission. To those he worked with on a daily basis, he will forever be remem-bered as a great friend and colleague. Al-though Tom Fritz’ passing has left many heavy hearts in Eastern Washington, the memory of this actively passionate and en-gaged individual has left a lasting impact on the lives of many back home in the Inland Northwest. 
Thank you, Tom for your years of dedication 
and service to our community and state. My thoughts and prayers are with your family and friends during this difficult time. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE PASSAGE OF THE ‘‘FEDERAL CIGARETTE LA-BELING ACT’’ OF 1965 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the ‘‘Federal Cigarette Labeling Act’’ of 1965. 
Passed by the 89th Congress, the ‘‘Federal 
Cigarette Labeling Act’’ was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson on July 27, 1965, in response to the mounting scientific evi-dence that smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer and is a serious public health concern for the nation. 
At the time this act was being debated in 
Congress, cigarette smoking was simply not viewed as a public health concern. 
Cigarette smoking was viewed as a norm, 
with virtually no harmful effects. 
Tobacco companies often falsified data to 
make the claim that some cigarettes were even healthy for you to smoke. 
One famous advertisement campaign was 
for the Lucky Strike cigarettes made by the American Tobacco Company in the 1930’s which used advertisements that stated ‘‘20,679 physicians say Luckies are less irri-tating.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.010 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1091 July 21, 2015 
Another advertisement campaign by the RJ 
Reynolds Tobacco Company was called the ‘‘More Doctors’’ campaign which attempted to reshape the image that cigarettes were safe. 
These are just a few of the false advertise-
ments about the implications of smoking on an individual’s health by the tobacco industry and which were a contributing factor in the rise of lung cancer mortality rates in the United States. 
To assist in educating the American people 
about the dangers of smoking the ‘‘Federal Cigarette Labeling Act’’ required the entire to-bacco industry to adapt to new regulations mandating that cigarette packages have a health warning label that stated, ‘‘Caution: Cig-arette Smoking May Be Hazardous to Your Health.’’ 
By implementing this simple warning label 
on cigarette packing, the public was given a notice on every box of the potential harm these tobacco smoking products may cause. 
This legislation also required the Federal 
Trade Commission to report to Congress an-nually on the effectiveness of cigarette label-ing for the public. 
Along with labeling, this legislation created a 
framework of how the current promotional practices were to be employed by the tobacco industry for promoting their products. 
This legislation accelerated the American 
public’s knowledge of the true dangers of smoking cigarettes. 
In 1986 Congress continued this endeavor 
to educate the American public on the harms of tobacco use by passing the ‘‘Comprehen-sive Smokeless Tobacco Health Education Act,’’ which extended the health warning la-bels from just cigarettes to include smokeless tobacco products, along with the advertise-ments for them. 
In my city of Houston, Texas, lung cancer 
has become the deadliest cancer for my con-stituents, affecting not just former smokers but also nonsmokers. 
Progressive legislation like the ‘‘Federal Cig-
arette Labeling Act’’ has helped inform the American people of the potential danger of using tobacco products. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why I am proud to com-
memorate the 50th anniversary of the ‘‘Fed-eral Cigarette Labeling Act’’ of 1965 and to recognize its remarkable contributions to American public’s access to information that allows them to make the best informed deci-sion for their personal health. 
f 
MARKING 41 YEARS SINCE THE 
TURKISH INVASION AND OCCU-PATION OF NORTHERN CYPRUS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to mark the 41st anniversary of the Turkish government’s illegal invasion of Cy-prus in 1974. This tragedy of that aggression continues to this day. Northern Cyprus con-tinues to be occupied by Turkish troops. More than 216,000 Cypriots continue to be dis-placed or their descendants denied their right-ful property claims in ancestral homelands— and this includes 5,000 Americans of Cypriot descent. Sadly, the occupation authorities continue 
their direct attacks on the religious freedom of Orthodox Christians and the island’s rich Or-thodox Christian cultural heritage. Cyprus’s ancient Christian heritage goes back to the mission of St. Paul and St. Barnabas in 45 A.D.—Barnabas is remembered as the found-er and patron saint of the Church in Cyprus. Even in recent years, Turkish security forces have continued to disrupt the religious serv-ices of Orthodox believers in northern Cyprus, and, sadly, the desecration and destruction of religious sites continues. Forty-one years after the Turkish government’s invasion, Christian believers still cannot freely visit all religious sites on the island, nor use Christian religious sites for their rightful purpose. Sites looted of revered icons remain vacant, and sacred ob-jects of Cypriot Orthodoxy regularly turn up on the international art market or are held in mu-seums against the wishes of the Orthodox community. The services for the faithful that do take place remain tightly restricted by Turk-ish authorities through special permitting or other challenges to registering congregations. These violations of basic rights are a legacy of intolerance wrought by the 1974 invasion. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join 
me in urging the administration to vigorously promote meaningful settlement negotiations that affirm the fundamental freedoms and human rights of those Greek Cypriots who are displaced or enduring in northern enclaves. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EVAN M CCARTNEY’S 
FULBRIGHT SCHOLAR ACHIEVE-MENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Evan McCartney on receiving a renowned Fulbright Study and Re-search Award for the 2014–2015 academic year. 
Evan, a Nixa, Missouri, native and United 
States Air Force Academy graduate, was awarded the Fulbright grant to study the field of political science in Ukraine. There, he has learned the country’s military aviation history and future through Ukraine’s National Aviation University. 
Fulbright Study and Research grants allow 
recipients to design projects and work with ad-visers and foreign universities to pursue a par-ticular field of study. Given the ongoing conflict in the region, I am certain Evan’s bright mind and American military background has shed new light on the ongoing situation there. 
I am extremely proud that talented, hard-
working and dedicated individuals such as 
Evan have great opportunities to represent the Seventh District of Missouri. I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Evan McCartney for his scholarship and for receiv-ing such an esteemed award. TRIBUTE TO KID ZONE EARLY 
LEARNING CENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Kid Zone Early Learning Center for the opening of their new facility in Adair, Iowa. 
Kid Zone strives to enrich the lives of young 
children in the Adair community with a faculty of dedicated teachers and caregivers. Their focus on cultivating a positive learning experi-ence and a nurturing environment will be a great asset to the residents of Adair. 
I commend Kid Zone Early Learning Center 
and their staff for the service they provide to families in Adair and southern Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in con-gratulating Kid Zone for their new location. I wish them and their staff nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PHILIP A. CLEMENS 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
would like to honor Philip A. Clemens, a con-stituent of mine and community leader who is retiring after serving almost 50 years with the Clemens Family Corporation. Mr. Clemens has spent his entire working life with his family business, The Clemens Family Corporation, headquartered in Hatfield, Pennsylvania. 
Over the years, Mr. Clemens has worked in 
all areas of the business—from the clean-up crew to Chairman and CEO, a position he served in for 15 years. With Mr. Clemens’ leadership, the Clemens Family Corporation has grown into one of the largest companies in the industry, employing hundreds of my constituents with good-paying, family-sus-taining jobs. 
Mr. Clemens has devoted his knowledge 
and expertise to not only the growth of his own business, but the future of the meat in-dustry as a whole. His lifelong contributions to the industry are unmatched. For his influence, he’s received the highest award given in the industry—the North American Meat Institute’s Industry Advancement Award, the Knowlton Award for industry innovation, and the Re-search Institute of America’s outstanding man-agement award. 
However, Mr. Clemens isn’t just known for 
his business accomplishments, he’s also an active volunteer known by many in our area for his dedication to the Indian Valley and North Penn communities. Some of those roles include his work as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Lancaster Bible College, his work with the North Penn United Way, and his efforts with the Profit Sharing Council of Amer-ica. In addition, he is also very active at the Calvary Church of Souderton, where he serves on the Elder Board. 
Mr. Clemens is a dedicated family man, a 
highly successful entrepreneur and a man who generously donates his time to better our com-munity. I am proud and privileged to honor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.015 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1092 July 21, 2015 
him today and appreciate all he has done for 
the people of our community. On behalf of the constituents of the 8th District of Pennsyl-vania, I wish Mr. Clemens a happy, relaxing and pleasant retirement. 
f 
HONORING MR. DAVID SCHLEGEL, 
MR. PEIDONG YANG, MS. CARO-LYN BERTOZZI, AND MR. JIZHONG ZHOU 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the accomplishments of four scientists, affili-ated with the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab-oratory, who have been named by U.S. En-ergy Secretary Ernest Moniz as recipients of the 2015 Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award, the Department of Energy’s highest scientific honor. 
The Department of Energy’s Ernest Orlando 
Lawrence Awards were established by Presi-dent Dwight Eisenhower in 1959, to honor Er-nest Lawrence, the Nobel Prize-winning inven-tor of the cyclotron, the forerunner of today’s particle accelerators, and the founder and namesake of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory—located in my very own 13th Con-gressional District of California. 
The four winners associated with the Law-
rence Berkeley National Laboratory and their accomplishments are as follows: 
David Schlegel, an astrophysicist who 
serves as the Principal Investigator for the 
BOSS project on the Sloan Telescope, the Co-Principal Investigator for the DECals sky survey, and the Project Scientist for the Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI). He was recognized for his ‘‘exceptional leadership of major projects making the largest two-di-mensional and three-dimensional maps of the universe, which have helped ascertain the na-ture of Dark Energy, test General Relativity, and positively impact fundamental under-standing of matter and energy in the uni-verse.’’ 
Peidong Yang, a faculty chemist who holds 
joint appointments with Berkeley Lab’s Mate-rials Sciences Division, the University of Cali-fornia (UC) Berkeley, where he holds the S.K. and Angela Chan Distinguished Professor of Energy chair, and the Kavli Energy Nano-Sciences Institute (Kavli-ENSI), for which he is a co-director. He was recognized for his ‘‘sem-inal research advancing the synthesis and un-derstanding of nanoscale materials, including semiconductor nanowires and metal nanocrys-tals, and their impact to structures and devices for applications in nanophotonics, nanoelec-tronics, and energy conversion.’’ 
Carolyn Bertozzi, also a faculty chemist with 
Berkeley Lab’s Materials Sciences Division, a professor of chemistry and of chemical and systems biology at Stanford University, and an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical In-stitute. She was recognized for her ‘‘significant scientific research contributions at the inter-face of chemistry, biology and nanoscience, including major advances in the chemistry and biology of complex carbohydrates, including the development of nanotechnologies and chemistries for probing biological systems, op-timizing bioreactors, and innovating tailored devices and materials.’’ Jizhong Zhou, a Presidential Professor in 
Botany and Microbiology and Director of the Institute for Environmental Genomics at the University of Oklahoma, a guest researcher with Berkeley Lab’s Earth Sciences Division, and a principal investigator for ENIGMA (Eco-systems and Networks Integrated with Genes and Molecular Assemblies). He was recog-nized for his ‘‘outstanding accomplishments in environmental genomics and microbial ecol-ogy, including the development of innovative metagenomics technologies for environmental sciences, for groundbreaking discoveries to understand the feedbacks, mechanisms, and fundamental principles of microbial systems in response to environmental change, and for transformative leadership to elucidate micro-bial ecological networks and to link microbial biodiversity with ecosystem functions.’’ 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I salute you all. I thank you for your contributions to the sci-entific field and congratulate you on your many achievements in research. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EDD LEACH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Mr. Edd Leach of Council Bluffs, Iowa. Edd is the owner of Leach Camp-er Sales in Council Bluffs. 
Leach Camper Sales was opened in 1962 
by Edd’s father. Edd joined the business in 1969 when his Dad offered him a deal: if Edd would work at the business for five years, he would end up owning half the business. Since then, Edd and his wife, Donna, have built a very successful business together. They offer RVs of all sizes, and a complete parts and re-pair department to service their customers’ needs. The family owned business includes their daughter and grandsons. Leach Camper Sales is home to a number of employees who have spent years helping serve the area. 
I commend Edd and his staff for their dedi-
cated service to Council Bluffs and southwest Iowa. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Leach Camper Sales for their many achieve-ments in the recreational vehicle industry. I wish Edd, his family, and his employees all the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF DR. 
MEI BAI FOR HER ACCOMPLISH-MENTS IN THE FIELD OF NU-CLEAR PHYSICS 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Doctor Mei Bai, whose innova-tion and leadership at the Department of Ener-gy’s Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island, New York, in my district, has greatly impacted the field of nuclear physics. This month she receives the E.O. Lawrence Award, a prestigious award bestowed by the Depart-
ment of Energy for exceptional scientific achievement. 
Dr. Bai joined Brookhaven National Lab in 
1999 as a research associate in the Rel-ativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC) Accelerator Physics Group, was promoted to Associate Scientist in 2001, and to Scientist in 2004. In 2000, she was the recipient of the American Physical Society’s Outstanding Doctoral The-sis Research in Beam Physics Award. In 2010, the Asian Committee for Future Accel-erators and the organizing committee of the 2010 First International Particle Accelerator Conference awarded Bai a prize for her signifi-cant and original contributions to the field of accelerator research. Dr. Bai recently joined the Nuclear Physics Institute in Germany, which conducts experimental and theoretical basic research in the areas of nuclear, hadron, and particle physics. 
In the 1990s, Dr. Bai and her colleagues de-
vised a way to keep protons circulating in an accelerator polarized, or all spinning in the same directions on their axes. This was a cru-cial development which was successfully dem-onstrated at Brookhaven National Laboratory’s Alternating Gradient Synchrotron, which is an accelerator that is a key part of the RHIC complex. 
This week, Dr. Mei Bai is being honored 
with an E.O. Lawrence award for her out-standing research, which has allowed for the first direct measurement of the contributions of fundamental particles known as quarks and gluons to the spin of the proton. 
Physicists from around the world study po-
larized protons at RHIC to determine the an-swer to a fundamental question—how protons get their spin, an intrinsic property of the par-ticle that is not completely understood. Dr. Bai’s work enabled RHIC researchers to suc-cessfully accelerate individual beams of polar-ized protons to 255 billion electron volts of en-ergy. The beams were collided at a total mass energy of 510 billion electron volts, making RHIC the world’s first and only high energy polarized proton collider. 
Today, I thank her for her enthusiasm and 
the inspiration she provides to other scientists 
at Brookhaven National Lab and the inter-national community. I congratulate Dr. Bai on her accomplishments and this very significant award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TOM KERR ON 
BEING NAMED ‘‘PAUL KROEGEL REFUGE MANAGER OF THE YEAR’’ 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Tom Kerr for his leadership and attention to our community’s and our nation’s wetlands. 
As the manager of Wisconsin’s St. Croix 
Wetland Management District and Whittlesey Creek National Wildlife Refuge, Mr. Kerr un-derstands that environmental conservation isn’t something that can simply be purchased; it requires local engagement. This is why he’s organized working programs such as Con-servation Day, a collaborative event that edu-cates students about what’s involved in sus-taining our ecosystems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.019 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1093 July 21, 2015 
I am proud that Mr. Kerr’s outstanding years 
of service and dedication are being recognized with the National Wildlife Refuge Association’s ‘‘Paul Kroegel Refuge Manager of the Year’’ award—one of the nation’s highest honors given to conservation leaders. 
While overseeing thousands of acres of 
marshes, grasslands, and oak savanna throughout Northern and Central Wisconsin, Mr. Kerr finds unique ways to engage his neighbors and to lend a hand to many bird species in the process. 
I appreciate this opportunity to honor Mr. 
Kerr for putting conservation at the forefront in our community. On behalf of Wisconsin and this entire body, we thank him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. SOFIA BILSKI 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to recognize one of my constitu-ents, Ms. Sofia Bilski of Windermere, Florida, for her acceptance to the People to People World Leadership Forum in Washington, D.C. Ms. Bilski was selected for her academic ex-cellence, leadership potential and exemplary citizenship. 
The mission of People to People Leadership 
Ambassador Programs is to bridge cultural and political borders through education and exchange. To this end, People to People of-fers domestic and international educational programs that promote cooperation, cross-cul-tural understanding and leadership. It is my hope that Ms. Bilski benefitted greatly from her participation in the World Leadership Forum, and I wish her all the best in her future en-deavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MACKENZIE ELLIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mac-kenzie Ellis of Johnston, Iowa. Mackenzie will be representing the United States as an edu-cational ambassador through the Ameson Year in China (AYC) program. 
Mackenzie, a recent graduate of Iowa State 
University, will be traveling to China to spend a year teaching, studying, and working with public schools in an effort to make a dif-ference. She will have the opportunity to learn new languages and immerse herself in the Chinese culture through a number of different programs offered through AYC. 
I commend Mackenzie for seizing this op-
portunity to expand her knowledge of different cultures and explore what the world has to offer. I am proud to represent Iowans like Mackenzie in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating her and wish her nothing but the best as she embarks on this new adven-ture. HONORING MR. ARMAND 
CHARBONNET 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Armand Louis Charbonnet, the Vice President of Charbonnet-Labat-Glapion Fu-neral Homes, who passed away on July 9, 2015, at the age 84. 
Mr. Charbonnet was a United States Army 
veteran, a lifelong Catholic, member of the Vi-kings Krewe, patriarch of his family, and a leader in the New Orleans community. He di-rected numerous funerals in New Orleans and surrounding parishes in one of the oldest con-tinuously operating African-American funeral homes in the country. Known for its traditional jazz funerals, horse drawn glass hearses, and the famous saying ‘‘My Soul Goes to Heaven but take my body to Charbonnet,’’ Charbonnet-Labat-Glapion Funeral Homes has served Louisiana for more than 132 years. 
To honor Mr. Charbonnet, who was affec-
tionately known by family and friends as ‘‘Big Daddy,’’ today we recognize the fulfillment of his mission. In commemoration of his life and achievements we strive to put the needs of others first as he did for countless families through the painful process of laying a loved one to rest. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TEACH 
SAFE RELATIONSHIPS ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to introduce the Teach Safe Relationships Act along with my colleagues S
UZANNE BONAMICI and A LMA 
ADAMS . 
Too often, young Americans engage in abu-
sive, unhealthy relationships. In fact, young women between 16 and 24 years old are vic-tims of intimate partner violence at three times the national average of all women. These sta-tistics and the stories of sexual abuse and dat-ing violence among teens and college stu-dents demand that we examine innovative ap-proaches to curb unhealthy relationship be-havior. 
The Teach Safe Relationships Act, intro-
duced by Sen. T
IMKAINE of Virginia, takes a 
strong step to address this problem by ensur-ing that American students discuss safe rela-tionship behavior as part of sex education. Through comprehensive curricula that use ef-fective approaches to prevent teen dating vio-lence, sexual assault, and harassment, we can ensure that our young people have the tools they need to make safe decisions in rela-tionships and identify unhealthy or abusive be-havior. 
I am encouraged that key provisions of this 
legislation have been included in the Every Child Achieves Act in the Senate, and hope that my colleagues in the House will build on that momentum by supporting the Teach Safe Relationships Act. TRIBUTE TO NICHOLAS HALLMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Nicholas Hallman of Des Moines, Iowa for receiving a coveted Fulbright award during the 2014–2015 Academic Year. Nicholas is a recent graduate of the University of Iowa with a Bachelor of Arts in International Studies, History, and French. He will travel to Turkey in September 2015 and begin his work in one of the newly- established state universities. 
While in Turkey, Nicholas will be teaching 
English and plans to establish an American film and television club. He hopes to bridge the gap and make comparisons between American and Turkish society. Nicholas would also like to spend time organizing relief efforts for war refugees and volunteer at refugee camps. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and ad-
miration that I recognize Nicholas today. It is the young people like him who are willing to work hard and make sacrifices for the better-ment of society that will lead our future gen-erations. I know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Nicholas on this outstanding achieve-ment and wish him nothing but continued suc-cess moving forward. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE CLEAN 
SLATE FOR MARIJUANA OF-FENSES ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
am introducing legislation that will allow cer-tain federal marijuana offenders the oppor-tunity to clear their record. 
In 1973, Oregon became the first state to 
decriminalize the personal possession of a small amount of marijuana. Since then, an ad-ditional 15 states have adopted similar poli-cies. 23 states, the District of Columbia and Guam have passed laws that allow for the use of marijuana for certain medical conditions. In 2012, Washington and Colorado legalized the adult use of marijuana and in 2014, Oregon and Alaska followed suit. Oregon also recently led the nation in passing legislation to reduce penalties for marijuana offenses and qualifying certain marijuana offenses for expungement that could not previously be expunged. 
Under the Controlled Substances Act, how-
ever, marijuana remains a Schedule I sub-stance, classified as severely as heroin and LSD and defined as having no medical value. As a result, at the federal level, possessing or distributing marijuana, regardless of the amount and regardless of state law, remains illegal. 
While the current Administration’s policy is 
not to prosecute those who are operating in compliance with state law so long as they meet certain federal enforcement priorities, this was not always the case and may not al-ways be the case going forward. Until re-cently, too many people were wrongly caught 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.023 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1094 July 21, 2015 
up in the conflict between federal and state 
law. 
In 2013, after a state-legal marijuana indus-
try began to emerge in Montana, a federal in-vestigation responded with a series of 33 sen-tences against individuals, many who argued they were abiding by that system. The federal government also pursued drug trafficking charges against a family in Washington claim-ing to grow marijuana within the bounds of Washington’s medical marijuana law. The $10 million trial ultimately resulted in a manufac-turing charge that will remain on their record. 
In addition, while the federal government 
generally devotes more resources to large- scale drug trafficking and lets local jurisdic-tions enforce marijuana possession offenses, 
federal possession charges occur. Over the past 10 years, at least 1,100 people have been sentenced for marijuana possession at the federal level. 
The Clean Slate for Marijuana Offenses Act 
of 2015 creates a pathway for two groups of federal marijuana offenders to expunge—or clear the criminal record of—their marijuana offense: those who were federally charged for activity that was legal in the state they were in at the time; and those whose offense was the possession of an ounce or less of marijuana. 
A federal drug conviction, no matter how 
small, can follow a person for their entire life, potentially limiting education and employment opportunities. As more and more states legal-ize different uses of marijuana, no one should be saddled with a record for activities related to marijuana that were legal in their state. 
In addition, the possession of a small 
amount should not ruin a person’s chances at significant opportunities later in life. While the number of people charged with federal pos-session offenses is low, over seven million people have been arrested with marijuana possession when totaling state, federal and local law enforcement statistics over the past 10 years. This legislation sends a strong sig-nal to state and local jurisdictions that allowing a pathway for expungement for certain mari-juana offenders should happen at all levels of law enforcement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WHITEROCK 
CONSERVANCY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Whiterock Conservancy for the opening of their new Whiterock Conservancy Backcountry Trail. 
At nearly forty miles, the Whiterock Conser-
vancy Backcountry Trail is one of the largest destination trail systems in Central Iowa. After raising funds for seven years, 20 miles of the trail, two new campgrounds, and many other new visitor experiences are complete. Six miles of new equestrian trails will take riders to new vistas, and the double track trail now loops along both sides of the Raccoon River, providing all users, including the mobility chal-lenged or drivers in low power ATV’s, with a wonderful background for enjoying their leisure time. These trail improvements allow hikers, snowshoers, bikers, and nature lovers alike the opportunity to enjoy the beautiful land-scape of central Iowa. I applaud and congratulate Whiterock Con-
servancy for achieving their goals and opening this wonderful destination for Iowans and all Americans to enjoy. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Whiterock Conser-vancy and their board of directors and wishing them all continued success in the future. 
f 
CLASS 6A PLAYER OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Kourtney Coveney of Katy High School for being named Class 6A Player of the Year by the Texas Sports Writers Associa-tion. 
Kourtney led her team to the first state soft-
ball title in district history. Throughout the sea-son she had a 3.32 earned run average as well as 79 strikeouts in 135
2⁄3innings. Not 
only is she an excellent pitcher, Kourtney’s batting average is .511 with 17 doubles, a home run, and 54 runs batted in. She will con-tinue her softball career at West Texas A&M University. Kourtney has made her parents, coaches, and the town of Katy proud. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Kourtney Coveney on all of her achievements. We look forward to hearing more about her continued success. 
f 
REMEMBERING LOU LENART 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
member a true hero of the United States and Israel, Lou Lenart. I would like to recognize his heroic efforts and great sacrifice in keeping both countries safe during World War II and Israel’s War of Independence. 
Lou began his incredible journey as Layos 
Lenovitz in a Hungarian village near the Czech border. When he was 10 years old, he moved with his family to the United States in order to escape increasing anti-Semitism. At age seventeen, Lou enlisted in the U.S. Ma-rine Corps where he became a fighter pilot. He served in the U.S. military valiantly, flying in the Battle of Okinawa and other engage-ments in the Pacific. 
After the war, he learned that fourteen of his 
relatives who had remained in Hungary had been killed in Auschwitz. This prompted him to join a clandestine effort to smuggle surplus American aircraft into Israel. He also helped recruit other war veterans like himself to fly for the Israeli Air Force (IAF). 
After surviving the treacherous journey 
smuggling aircraft into Israel, Lou led his com-rades Ezer Weizman, Eddie Cohen, and Modi Alon in the IAF’s first mission. On May 29th, 1948, two weeks after Israel declared its inde-pendence, Egyptian soldiers and tanks were advancing to Tel Aviv. With Lou at the helm, the secretly assembled IAF was able to force the Egyptian troops to retreat. This mission gave Lou the most accurate nickname I have ever heard, ‘‘the man who saved Tel Aviv.’’ Lou served bravely throughout Israel’s War 
of Independence and later participated in Op-eration Ezra and Nehemiah, which airlifted Iraqi Jews to Israel. After leaving the military he became a pilot for El Al Airlines and a film producer. 
Lou passed away on Monday of this week 
at age 94, but his life will forever be remem-bered as one of exceptional service and com-mitment to both the United States and Israel. His sacrifices and achievements are great, and I hope Lou’s heroic efforts will serve as a reminder to us all that one individual can truly make a difference. 
f 
LIVING WATER INTERNATIONAL’S 
25TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate Stafford, Texas’s own Living Water International on its upcoming 25th anni-versary. Over the last 25 years, Mike Mantel and his team have drilled over 15,000 wells and provided clean water to people in more than 23 countries. 
After taking a water well drilling trip to Sen-
egal, Mike was inspired to provide clean water to people around the world. To Mike, getting people water was the foundation for a suc-cessful life. A life where agriculture could de-velop, people would be healthier, and women could spend less time hauling water and more time in school. Living Water International’s mission to share the love of God and provide access to clean drinking water to countries around the world is inspiring. As a community, we are humbled and grateful by the work Mike and his team at Living Water International are doing. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, we thank you for 25 years of dedication to bringing clean water to people around the world. 
f 
DODD/FRANK 5-YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise in recognition of the five-year an-niversary of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act. This criti-cally important piece of legislation has strengthened oversight of the financial sector, given regulators the tools to end the era of ‘‘too big to fail,’’ and has eliminated loopholes that allowed risky and abusive practices to go unnoticed and unregulated. 
As we mark this five-year anniversary, we 
must recognize that the ‘‘Great Recession’’ of 2008 did not occur naturally as a part of the regular financial cycle, but as a result of the lack of transparency and accountability in the financial sector. 
During the ‘‘Great Recession’’ the American 
economy lost over 4 million jobs, 13 trillion dollars in household wealth and approximately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.029 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1095 July 21, 2015 
5 million homeowners lost their homes to fore-
closure. 
Consequently, Dodd-Frank implemented re-
forms to prevent the bad actors from con-tinuing to commit the types of deceptive and harmful practices that led to these catastrophic results. Most notably, Dodd-Frank created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which over the past five years has returned over $10.1 billion dollars to over 17 million con-sumers that were subjected to unfair treat-
ment. 
No legislation is perfect, and there is still 
room for minor tweaks to be made in order to ensure Dodd-Frank achieves its original goal of increased transparency, market efficiency and consumer protection. However, we must continue to defend against Republican attacks to completely dismantle this critically important legislation. The sad reality is that Republican majority has spent countless hours attempting 
to weaken the financial regulatory system, and to reverse many of the important reforms made by Dodd-Frank. 
We must continue to protect our recovering 
economy, promote stability in our financial markets, and ensure that regulators have the tools to protect the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JY8.033 E21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D851 Tuesday, July 21, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5179–S5429 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-one bills and four 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1804–1824, and S. Res. 224–227.
           Pages S5210–11 
Measures Reported: 
S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Serv-
ices Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide recommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to hazardous materials incidents involving railroads. (S. Rept. No. 114–85) 
S. 614, to provide access to and use of information 
by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper pay-ments. (S. Rept. No. 114–86) 
S. 1495, to curtail the use of changes in manda-
tory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. (S. Rept. No. 114–87)
       Page S5210 
Measures Passed: 
Condemning the Attacks in Chattanooga, Ten-
nessee: Senate agreed to S. Res. 227, condemning 
the attacks of July 16, 2015, in Chattanooga, Ten-nessee, honoring the members of the Armed Forces 
who lost their lives, and expressing support and prayers for all those affected.
                               Page S5429 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Cloture : By 41 yeas to 56 
nays (Vote No. 250), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the af-firmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act.
                                                     Page S5188 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to close further debate on the motion to pro-
ceed to consideration of the bill.                        Page S5188 
Measures Discharged: 
Expression of the Disfavor of Congress: Pursuant 
to 42 U.S.C. 2159(i) and Section 601(b)(4) of Public Law 94–329, S.J. Res. 19, to express the disfavor of Congress regarding the proposed agreement for co-operation between the United States and the People’s Republic of China transmitted to the Congress by the President on April 21, 2015, pursuant to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, was discharged and placed on the calendar, 45 days of the review period having elapsed, not including time spent in adjourn-ment pursuant to S. Con. Res. 19, providing for a conditional adjournment or recess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
                                                                                            Page S5180 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
the continuation of the national emergency with re-spect to significant transnational criminal organiza-tions that was established in Executive Order 13581 on July 24, 2011; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–21)
                                                                 Pages S5207–08 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Kathryn M. Dominguez, of Michigan, to be a 
Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2004. 
Leonard Terry Strand, of South Dakota, to be 
United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Iowa. 
1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 4 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S5429 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5208 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5208 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D852 July 21, 2015 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                      Pages S5180–81, S5208 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5208–09 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5209–10 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5211–12 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5212–14 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S5207 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S5214–S5326 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5326 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5326 
Text of S. 1177 as Previously Passed: 
                                                                               Page S5326–S5428 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—250)                                                                 Page S5188 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:21 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, July 22, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5429.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of General Mark A. Milley, USA, to be Chief of Staff of the Army, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported an original bill to extend certain expired tax provisions. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR INVESTMENT 
PROPOSAL 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safe-ty concluded a hearing to examine the Department of Labor’s investment proposal for American families and retirees, after receiving testimony from Thomas E. Perez, Secretary of Labor; Robert Litan, Brookings Institution, Wichita, Kansas; Peter Schneider, Primerica, Inc., Duluth, Georgia; Darlene Miller, Permac Industries, Burnsville, Minnesota, on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce; and Scott Puritz , 
Rebalance IRA, Bethesda, Maryland. 
IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT POLICIES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Administration’s immigration enforcement policies, after receiving testimony from Leon Rodriguez, Director, Citizen-ship and Immigration Services, and Sarah R. Saldana, Director, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Grace Huang, Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence, Seattle; Reverend Gabriel Salguero, Lamb’s Church of the Nazarene, New York, New York, on behalf of the National Latino Evangelical Coalition; Chief Tom Manger, Mont-gomery County Police Department, Gaithersburg, Maryland, on behalf of the Major Cities Chiefs Asso-ciation; Susan Oliver, Garden Valley, California; Mi-chael Ronnebeck, Sacramento, California; Jim Steinle, Pleasanton, California; Brian McCann, Chi-cago, Illinois; and Laura Wilkerson, Pearland, Texas. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 29 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3119–3127, 3129–3148; and 1 reso-lution, H.J. Res. 60 were introduced.
    Pages H5329–30 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5332–33 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1289, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 114–213); 
Supplemental report on H.R. 1599, to amend the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–208, Part 2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D853 July 21, 2015 
H.R. 427, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that major rules of the exec-utive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–214, Part 1); 
H.R. 3128, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–215); and 
H. Res. 369, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1734) to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish re-quirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment (H. Rept. 114–216).
                                                                      Page H5329 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Curbelo (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5299 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:24 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H5302 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:14 p.m and recon-
vened at 4:31 p.m.                                                    Page H5303 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Veterans Information Modernization Act: H.R. 
2256, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Ad-ministration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 408 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 449;
                                                             Pages H5304–08, H5316 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To 
amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual re-port on the Veterans Health Administration, to pro-vide for the identification and tracking of biological implants used in Department of Veterans Affairs fa-cilities, and for other purposes.’’.
                      Page H5316 
Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 
2015: H.R. 1557, to amend the Notification and 
Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination 
laws enforced by the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
403 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 448; and 
                                                                Pages H5308–12, H5314–15 
FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015: H.R. 237, 
amended, to authorize the revocation or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations. 
                                                                      Pages H5308, H5312–14 
Supplemental Report: Agreed that the Committee 
on Agriculture be authorized to file a supplemental report on H.R. 1599, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food pro-duced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengi-neered organism, and the labeling of natural foods. 
                                                                                            Page H5308 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:12 p.m. and recon-
vened at 5:42 p.m.                                                    Page H5312 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:57 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H5314 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in honor of the U.S. Marine and U.S. Navy victims of the Chattanooga, TN tragedy. 
                                                                                            Page H5315 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to significant transnational criminal or-ganizations is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–49). 
                                                                                            Page H5312 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5303. 
Senate Referral: S. 1177 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H5303 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5315, H5316. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 9:07 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
D.C. METRO: UPDATE 
Committee On Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Transportation and Public Assets; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘D.C. Metro: Update’’. Testi-mony was heard from T. Bella Dinh-Zarr, Vice Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D854 July 21, 2015 
SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD LABELING 
ACT OF 2015; IMPROVING COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1599, the ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1734, the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a struc-tured rule for H.R. 1599. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–24, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of the Rules Committee re-port, and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments print-ed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The rule also grants a structured rule for H.R. 1734. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority 
member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in part C of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part C of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Shimkus, Tonko, 
Pompeo, Peterson, and Pingree of Maine. 
LACK OF OVERSIGHT OF INTERAGENCY 
AGREEMENTS—VA PROCUREMENT 
FAILURES CONTINUED 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Lack of Oversight of Interagency Agreements—VA Procurement Failures Continued’’. Testimony was heard from C. Ford Heard III, Associate Deputy As-sistant Secretary, Procurement Policy, Systems and Oversight, Department of Veterans Affairs; and Michele Mackin, Director, Acquisition and Sourcing Management Team, Government Accountability Of-fice. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JULY 22, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Financial 
Services and General Government, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sub-
committee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council designation process, 10:15 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Marie The-rese Dominguez, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to Romania, Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Cyprus, James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Es-tonia, and Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Norway, all of the Department of State, and Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on exploring barriers and opportuni-ties within innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine protecting the electric grid 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D855 July 21, 2015 
from the potential threats of solar storms and electro-
magnetic pulse, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-
sider S. 1704, to amend the Indian Tribal Justice Act to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and S. 1776, to enhance tribal road safety; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine safe-guarding the integrity of Indian gaming, 2:15 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Wil-helmina Marie Wright, to be United States District Judge for the District of Minnesota, Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, and Cono R. Namorato, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal 
Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine Supreme Court activism and possible solutions, 1:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold 
hearings to examine targeted tax reform, focusing on so-lutions to relieve the tax compliance burden for America’s small businesses, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: business meeting to 
markup pending calendar business, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
combating medicare provider enrollment fraud, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Department of Agriculture’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 511, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, markup on a bill to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufac-turing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, promote energy efficiency and government ac-countability, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting Broadband Infrastructure In-vestment’’, 12:30 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Subcommittee on Mone-
tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Fed-eral Reserve Reform Proposals’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Iran Nuclear Deal and Its Impact on Ter-rorism Financing’’, 4:15 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting U.S. Commerce in the Middle East and North Africa’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Unfolding Crisis in Burundi’’, 12 p.m., 
2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on natural resources , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘An Analysis of the Obama Administration’s So-cial Cost of Carbon’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1880, the ‘‘Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act’’; and H.R. 2388, the ‘‘Subsist-ence Access Management Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 598, the ‘‘Taxpayers Right-To- Know Act’’; H.R. 2320, the ‘‘Federal Improper Payments Coordination Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3089, the ‘‘Grants Oversight and New Efficiency Act’’; H.R. 1613, the ‘‘Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015’’; S. 136, the ‘‘Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3116, the ‘‘Quarterly Financial Report Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’; H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’; H.R. 324, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Of-fice’’; H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boule-vard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ’Dick’ Chenault Post Office’’; H.R. 1884, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office’’; and H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules , Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
3009, the ‘‘Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act’’, 4:30 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘How Tax Compliance Obligations Hinder Small Business Growth’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Sub-
committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Revitalize American Communities Through the Brownfields Program’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
to receive the Secretary’s testimony regarding the pending VA health care budget shortfall and system shutdown, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 272, the 
‘‘Medal of Honor Priority Care Act’’; H.R. 359, the ‘‘Vet-erans Dog Training Therapy Act’’; H.R. 421, the ‘‘Classi-fied Veterans Access to Care Act’’; H.R. 423, the ‘‘New-born Care Improvement Act’’; H.R. 1356, the ‘‘Women Veterans Access to Quality Care Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1862, the ‘‘Veterans’ Credit Protection Act’’; H.R. 2464, the ‘‘Demanding Accountability for Veterans Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D856 July 21, 2015 
2015’’; H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Preven-
tion Act’’; H.R. 3016, the ‘‘VA Provider Equity Act’’; and H.R. 3106, to authorize Department major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain im-provements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes, 1:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing with MedPAC to discuss hospital payment issues, rural health issues, and beneficiary access to care, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of July 22 through July 24, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider H.R. 22, Hire More Heroes Act, and any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: July 22, Subcommittee on 
Financial Services and General Government, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. 
July 23, Full Committee, business meeting to markup 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Armed Services: July 23, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Robert B. Neller, USMC, to be General and Commandant of the Marine Corps, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 
22, Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Invest-ment, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council designation process, 10:15 a.m., SD–538. 
July 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
measuring the systemic importance of United States bank holding companies, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 
22, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Marie Therese Dominguez, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: July 23, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: July 22, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to Ro-mania, Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Cyprus, James Desmond Mel-ville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Repub-
lic of Estonia, and Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway, all of the De-
partment of State, and Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agen-cy for International Development, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
July 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
Iran nuclear agreement review, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 
22, to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on exploring barriers and oppor-tunities within innovation, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
July 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
health information technology, focusing on information blocking and potential solutions, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
July 22, to hold hearings to examine protecting the elec-tric grid from the potential threats of solar storms and electromagnetic pulse, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
July 23, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North Caro-lina, to be Administrator of General Services, General Services Administration, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: July 22, business meeting 
to consider S. 1704, to amend the Indian Tribal Justice Act to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and S. 1776, to enhance tribal road safety; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine safeguarding the integrity of Indian gaming, 2:15 p.m., SH–216. 
Committee on the Judiciary: July 22, to hold hearings to 
examine the nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jer-sey, Wilhelmina Marie Wright, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Minnesota, Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Mary-land, and Cono R. Namorato, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
July 22, Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, 
Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine Supreme Court activism and possible solutions, 1:30 p.m., SD–226. 
July 23, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1169, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
July 23, Subcommittee on the Constitution, to hold 
hearings to examine Dodd-Frank at five years, 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: July 22, 
to hold hearings to examine targeted tax reform, focusing on solutions to relieve the tax compliance burden for America’s small businesses, 10 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: July 22, business meeting 
to markup pending calendar business, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: July 23, to hold closed 
hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D857 July 21, 2015 
Special Committee on Aging: July 22, to hold hearings to 
examine combating medicare provider enrollment fraud, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , July 23, Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Costs and Consequences of the Adminis-tration’s Overtime Proposal’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , July 23, Sub-
committee on Health, markup on H.R. 1344, the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act’’; H.R. 1462, the ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act’’; H.R. 1725, the ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reau-thorization Act (NASPER’’; and H.R. 2820, the ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , July 23, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Ending ‘Too Big to Fail’: What is the Proper Role of Capital and Liquidity?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
July 24, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and 
Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘National Credit Union Administration Operations and Budget’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , July 23, Subcommittee on 
Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Security Role in the South China Sea’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
July 23, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and 
Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘The Threat of Islamist Extremism: Possible U.S.-Russia Cooperation?’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. 
July 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Implica-
tions of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran, Part III’’, 9 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
July 23, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Pursuing North American Energy Inde-pendence: Mexico’s Energy Reforms’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , July 23, Subcommittee 
on Transportation Security, markup on H.R. 3102, the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015’’; a Committee Print consisting of the ‘‘Transpor-tation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; and the ‘‘Partners for Aviation Security Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , July 23, Subcommittee on 
Immigration and Border Security, business meeting to re-quest Department of Homeland Security departmental re-ports on the beneficiaries of H.R. 422, for the relief of 
Corina de Chalup Turcinovic; and H.R. 396, for the relief of Maria Carmen Castro Ramirez and J. Refugio Carreno Rojas; and hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctuary Cities: a Threat to Public Safety’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources , July 23, Subcommittee 
on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘New and Innovative Ideas for the Next Century of Our National Parks’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
July 23, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, 
hearing on H.R. 564, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fish-eries Predation Prevention Act’’; H.R. 1772, the ‘‘Dela-ware River Basin Conservation Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2168, the ‘‘West Coast Dungeness Crab Management Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , July 23, 
Subcommittee on the Interior, hearing entitled ‘‘Modern-izing the National Park Service Concession Program’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
July 23, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank: Update’’, 12 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
July 24, Subcommittee on Information Technology; 
and Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , July 23, Sub-
committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The EPA Renewable Fuel Stand-
ard Mandate’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , July 23, Subcommittee on 
Health and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Modern Tools in a Modern World: How App Technology is Benefitting Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , July 23, 
Full Committee, markup on General Services Administra-tion Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolu-tions; H.R. 2954, to designate the Federal building lo-cated at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Of-fice, and United States Court House’’; S. 261, to des-ignate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr., United States Courthouse; a bill to pro-vide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire vet-erans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, and for other purposes; and other matters cleared for con-sideration, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means , July 23, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, hearing on the Internal Revenue Service’s audit selection process and internal controls within the Tax Exempt and Government Entities division, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , July 23, Sub-
committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture, hearing on ongoing intelligence activities, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D21JY5.REC D21JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD858 July 21, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 22 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 
1734—Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1089 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1093 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1090 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1089 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1088, E1090 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1092 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1087 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1091 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1088 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1094 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1089, E1090 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1085 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1092 Long, Billy, Mo., E1089, E1091 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1085, E1087 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1093 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1090 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1085 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1088 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1094, E1094 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1088 
Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1093 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1094 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1087, E1087 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1086, E1091 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1089 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1085 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1093 Young, David, Iowa, E1089, E1090, E1091, E1092, E1093, 
E1093, E1094 
Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1092 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:51 Jul 22, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21JY5.REC D21JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST