Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1773 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 19, 2015 No. 47 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
IPTON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 19, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S COTT R. 
TIPTON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Eternal God, thank You for giving us 
another day. 
Send Your Spirit upon the Members 
of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. Especially during this season of budget delibera-tions, give them wisdom and an accu-rate understanding of the needs of the citizens of this country, most particu-larly those with narrow margins in their life options. 
Remind us all of the dignity of work, 
and teach us to use our talents and abilities in ways that are honorable and just and are of benefit to those we serve. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of 
the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I object to 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 17, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER :I hereby resign as 
the representative of the 18th Congressional District of Illinois, effective March 31, 2015. 
Respectfully, 
A
ARON SCHOCK , 
Member of Congress. CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 17, 2015. 
Hon. B RUCE V. R AUNER , 
Governor, State of Illinois, State House, Springfield, IL. 
D
EARGOVERNOR RAUNER :I hereby resign as 
the representative of the 18th Congressional District of Illinois, effective March 31, 2015. 
Respectfully, 
A
ARON SCHOCK , 
Member of Congress. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 5 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
THE CLEAN AIR, STRONG 
ECONOMIES ACT 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, EPA has 
proposed a new lower standard for ozone—smog—before America has fin-ished her work on the current stand-ard. We have made important gains in air quality, but this latest draft is so low that most of America will be out of compliance. 
Under current law, EPA can’t even 
consider whether we have the tech-nology to achieve the new low stand-ard. EPA says that half the work to meet this new rule will come from technology that doesn’t yet exist. This rule will mean lost jobs and lost oppor-tunities. 
This week, the gentleman from Ohio, 
B
OBLATTA , and I reintroduced H.R. 
1388, the Clean Air, Strong Economies Act. Our bill requires EPA to protect health and consider whether a rule can be met. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
help us balance clean air with a strong economy by supporting H.R. 1388. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.000 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1774 March 19, 2015 
HAPPY 105TH BIRTHDAY TO 
BERTEL VAN EEK 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, 105 years 
ago, in a small town in Germany, Bertel Van Eek was born. 
Her 105 years on this Earth have been 
a testament to the greatness of the United States. She has seen so much. Living in Holland during World War II, she saw the capability and bravery of our military and its members. 
She personally lived our Nation’s im-
migrant story, coming to America after the war with $20 and the clothes on her back and eventually becoming an American citizen. 
As someone whose spouse died 34 
years ago, she has been able to live with dignity because of two of the greatest public policies in the history of this country, Medicare and Social Security. 
She has seen the power of the Amer-
ican education system, watching her daughter and son-in-law become teach-ers and seeing three grandsons, who love her very much, also pursue edu-cational opportunities so they could follow their dreams. Mr. Speaker, she even saw her youngest grandson get the honor of serving his community in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying 
to Bertel Van Eek, my grandma, happy 105th birthday, Oma. We love you very much. 
f 
THE MEDICAL EVALUATION PAR-
ITY FOR SERVICEMEMBERS ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, today, along with the gentleman from Ohio, Congressman T
IMRYAN, I am introducing the Med-
ical Evaluation Parity for Service-members Act. 
This legislation, which has strong bi-
partisan support and the support of a large number of military and mental health advocacy groups, will help the military identify behavioral health issues and improve suicide prevention by instituting a mental health assess-ment for all incoming military re-cruits. 
A recent Army study confirmed the 
need to address mental health issues in a timely manner, finding that ‘‘nearly one in five Army soldiers enter the service with a psychiatric disorder, and nearly half of all soldiers who tried sui-cide first attempted it before enlist-ing.’’ 
Our military makes sure that every 
servicemember is physically fit for duty, and this legislation will ensure that they are also mentally fit. Fur-thermore, it will ensure that we have a better baseline against which to meas-ure any potential mental harm that may have occurred during their duty. These brave men and women put 
their lives on the line every day in the service of our Nation, and it is our duty to offer everything in our power to guarantee they return home safely, both physically and mentally. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. 
f 
TWO ISSUES OF JUSTICE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning, I speak on two issues of justice. One deals with my alma mater, the University of Virginia. And I would like to thank the young man, the stu-dent who experienced an unfortunate incident that caused him to have 10 stitches and to bleed on the streets of Charlottesville by the hands of those who were enforcing the law. I want to join him by saying that we all should be treated with human dignity, and I thank the Governor of the State of Vir-ginia for a full investigation. We have to find a way to balance law and order with the dignity of the treatment of African Americans and all people. 
I will also say that the hostage-tak-
ing of the Attorney General nominee by those who will not push for her con-firmation on the floor of the Senate, of the other body, is not the handling of the Constitution and the advice and consent that is necessary in the proc-ess of government. 
She is qualified. She is ready to 
serve. The Nation needs a chief law en-forcement officer. We must come to-gether and find that balance that the Constitution protects, and that is the right of all people to access and free-dom of speech. But we must also re-spect law and order. We have to find a way to walk that pathway together. 
f 
ELECTRICITY FOR RURAL HAITI 
(Mr. MASSIE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize three of my con-stituents from Owenton, Kentucky: Matthew Everett Greenlee, Mark Allen Greene, and Robert Wayne VonBokern. These three outstanding power linemen from Owen Electric Cooperative re-cently volunteered for a project in Haiti that, when completed, will pro-vide safe, affordable, and reliable power to 1,600 consumers. 
The goal of the project is to build a 
distribution system that will connect three towns in Haiti and establish its first electric cooperative, the Coopera-tive Electrique de l’Arrondissement des Coteaux. 
My constituents upgraded and in-
stalled new lines and service drops in the town of Roche-a-Bateaux. They also trained locally hired linemen in proper construction methods, pole climbing techniques, and proper 
handline use, and important safety practices. 
Electricity is essential to the quality 
of life for those in Haiti’s rural commu-nities. It assists in the provision of clean water, health care, education, and general economic opportunity. Therefore, I salute my constituents for contributing their time and efforts in Haiti on this critical project. 
f 
GOP BUDGET MAKES IT HARDER 
FOR FAMILIES TO GET AHEAD 
(Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to op-pose this irresponsible and dishonest budget recently proposed by the House Budget Committee Republicans. Under this budget’s grossly misguided prior-ities, people at the top continue to get richer while hardworking American families fall further behind. 
Last fall, at election time, congres-
sional Republicans said they under-stood the pressures that American fam-ilies were feeling, and they promised to help hardworking Americans. But this Republican budget would squeeze hard-working Americans even harder in countless ways, making it harder to pay for college, making it harder to pay for their health care, making it harder to ensure a secure retirement. 
This budget would eliminate health 
care coverage for tens of millions of Americans, cut nondefense government programs, from transportation to re-search to education, and make more than $1 trillion in unspecified cuts in Federal entitlement programs. 
This House Republican budget would 
make life a lot harder for hardworking American families like the ones I rep-resent in western Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is a budget that needs not to pass. 
f 
REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, today 
we have the opportunity to speak about values, the values that we have as Americans, the values that we hold dear. The fact that someone can work their entire life and finally make it to retirement and be able to live out their golden years with dignity is something that this budget denies. 
The idea that an American child 
could be born in this great country and have an opportunity to go to a college or university and become whatever they want to be—maybe an astronaut, maybe an engineer, maybe even a poli-tician—but without an education, every single one of those dreams is tougher and harder than ever before. 
The budget that has been proposed by 
the Republicans in this House denies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.003 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1775 March 19, 2015 
dreams, denies food, denies health care 
to seniors; and many more disasters are in this budget. This budget denies an opportunity for children to get an education. 
If you were born with a silver spoon 
in your mouth, this budget is for you— extending tax loopholes into perpetuity but denying and condemning children away from education, seniors away from food and health care. 
This budget doesn’t deserve one vote. 
This budget deserves to be reworked, to carry the values that we hold dear in this country. 
f 
b0915 
PROVIDING FOR THE EXPENSES 
OF CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES IN THE 114TH CONGRESS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF S.J. RES. 8, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DIS-APPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 152 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 152 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order without interven-tion of any point of order to consider in the House the resolution (H. Res. 132) providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. The amendment print-ed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be con-sidered as adopted. The resolution, as amended, shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the resolution, as amended, to adop-tion without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on House Administration; and (2) one motion to recommit which may not contain instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. All points of order against consider-ation of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-
lution 152 provides for a closed rule providing for consideration of S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board, and a closed rule for consideration of H. Res. 132, providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the 114th Congress. 
Across the Capitol, the United States 
Senate took positive action on March 4 when it passed a resolution, S.J. Res. 8, invoking the Congressional Review Act to overturn the National Labor Rela-tions Board’s recent ambush election rule. On that same day, my colleagues and I at the Committee on Education and the Workforce Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing on legislation I strongly supported and cosponsored, H.J. Res. 29, which is identical legisla-tion to that which will come before the House today. 
The National Labor Relations 
Board’s ambush election rule is just the latest of its outrageous actions taken in defiance of longstanding precedent, jeopardizing employee free choice and privacy and employer free speech. This rule would give workers as few as 11 days to consider a consequen-tial decision before voting for or against joining a union, prevent em-ployers from having adequate time to prepare for union elections, and post-pone critical questions over the elec-tion, such as voter eligibility, until after the election. 
While providing little consideration 
of the longstanding rights of employees and employers, the rule further vio-lates their privacy by ensuring that workers’ personal information such as email addresses, work schedules, phone numbers, and home addresses are pro-vided to union leaders. 
There is a myriad of consequences to 
this harmful regulation, including con-straining the rights of workers to make informed decisions, severely hampering employers’ rights to speak to their employees during union orga-nizing campaigns, and weakening pri-vacy rights of workers. 
These consequences will seriously 
impact the relationship of workers and employers and upend a carefully craft-ed process for organizing elections. These precedents have arisen over dec-ades of practice within existing rules and should not be upended by hyperpartisan bureaucrats to the ben-efit of national unions at the expense 
of hardworking Americans. 
H. Res. 152 also provides for consider-
ation of H. Res. 132, the committee funding resolution for the 114th Con-gress. Since taking the majority, House Republicans have been careful stewards of taxpayer dollars, stream-lining House operations and saving funds wherever possible. In fact, this Congress, the House remains below the amount authorized in 2008. 
This bipartisan resolution will allow 
our committees to continue their vital work on behalf of this institution, in-cluding legislative reforms and over-sight with additional investigations and field hearings. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this rule and the underlying resolutions, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying resolution, Senate Joint Resolution 8, the resolu-tion to overturn the National Labor Relations Board’s election rule. 
The other bill I support, H. Res. 132, 
which provides for the expenses of the committees of the House. The House Committee on Administration’s bipar-tisan work should be commended be-cause, as we all know, committees that we individual Members of the House are members of play a very important role in the work we do every day. 
Now, I think it is unfortunate that 
this bipartisan bill has been packaged with a partisan bill to repeal impor-tant, commonsense reforms that were done at the National Labor Relations Board, and they have been wrapped up with a controversial bill. 
The NLRB’s function, as you know, is 
both to investigate and prosecute un-fair labor practices and to provide a legal framework for employees and em-ployers where employees may be seek-ing to organize in their workplaces for better wages and working conditions. Both of those functions are required of them by the National Labor Relations Act, which has been in place since 1935. 
The work that the NLRB is doing is 
important. It is precisely what is re-quired by the National Labor Relations Act. Holding a vote on this resolution will get in the way of the NLRB’s pur-suing its mandate successfully. Instead of focusing on important issues like shrinking the wage gap and growing the middle class, instead, the Repub-licans are spinning their wheels to score points by going after the Na-tional Labor Relations Board and com-monsense reforms to make it function more effectively. 
The President has already released a 
statement vowing to veto this resolu-tion, so it is another example of spin-ning our wheels. It is obvious that nei-ther the Senate nor the House will have enough votes to override this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.004 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1776 March 19, 2015 
veto, so I ask simply: Why are we wast-
ing our time on this misguided legisla-tion when there are plenty of chal-lenges that our country faces, whether it is balancing the budget, growing the middle class, or dealing with use of force abroad? Instead, we are dis-cussing legislation which won’t become law. While we are 3 months into this Congress, I can’t even count the amount of hours we have spent on the floor discussing legislation that, as ev-erybody knows, won’t become law be-cause we have a President in the White House who said he will veto it. 
Mr. Speaker, this piece of legislation 
uses the Congressional Review Act, which is a rare legislative tool that al-lows the majority to rush through leg-islation with little debate. In the Sen-ate, normal rules of debate and cloture are not even required, but it does re-quire the President’s signature. 
Now, keep in mind, the Congressional 
Review Act is used to undo rules that have been promulgated by the execu-tive branch through the Executive Of-fice. So why would a President sign something that undoes his own rules? He simply wouldn’t have made those rules in the first place if he didn’t want them done. 
So here we are, without two-thirds of 
this body, going through these motions on something that we know isn’t going to become law. The Congressional Re-view Act has only been used once to overturn a rule in the entire history of the United States and is there for emergencies. This bill is far from an emergency. Instead, it is packaged with a closed rule—an extreme and un-necessary procedural action—rather than allowing for amendment and dis-cussion of ideas from both sides of the aisle. 
This resolution would overturn the 
new and improved election rules at the NLRB which are simply modernizing an antiquated system. The current rules were done before email existed, as an example. And we talk about how im-portant privacy is; we are only talking about email addresses that the em-ployer has. So if employers can use them to lobby their employees one way or the other in a vote, the organizing campaign should also be able to use those same email addresses. If neither side has access to them, that is fine; but if one side has access to them in an election, the other side needs to have access under similar terms. 
We in this body have a responsibility 
to protect workers’ rights and to pro-vide employers with predictability and an expeditious processing of organizing requests in the workplace. Under the current archaic rules prior to this change, it was far too easy for bad ac-tors to endlessly delay workplace elec-tions. 
In our committee that Dr. F
OXXand 
I serve on, we got to hear the testi-mony of a nurse from California who had engaged in an effort in her work-place to organize the nurses that had been delayed time and time again, more than a year before a vote was fi-
nally held. Oftentimes, if a year or 2 or 3 go by, there might be different em-ployees, people come and go, the groups of employees change, and often some of these involved in the orga-nizing are subsequently fired. Employ-ers are able to do this by appealing time and time again on issues that have no bearing on the election simply to delay, delay, delay. 
The modest, commonsense reforms of 
the election rules truly go a long way in balancing the system and making it work more efficiently. They are stand-ardized practices that are already com-mon through many parts of the coun-try to allow workers to make their own decisions without manipulations, threats, or intimidation from either party. 
Under current rules, what happens 
all too often is employers continuously appeal an election with unwarranted litigation so they have time to threat-en, coerce, and, far too often, fire workers. By the time the election oc-curs, workers have moved on, volun-tarily or involuntarily, to other jobs or have been threatened so many times they feel they have been forced to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
There is a proven direct and causal 
relationship between the length of time it takes to hold an election and illegal employer conduct. In other words, bad actors stall the election process and use the system they have to do what-ever it takes to win the election. There are hundreds of examples of unscrupu-lous actors using the current system in this way. 
The nurse that I mentioned earlier 
decided that she and her coworkers wanted a better workplace environ-ment and began to organize, but the employer delayed the action multiple times so they had time to threaten the workers via text and email. They even held mandatory meetings with employ-ees to threaten and coerce them into voting against organizing. They even did this under the guise of education. In the end, the nurses were too scared to form a union. 
Another unfortunate, but telling, ex-
ample we talked about in committee is a Mercedes-Benz dealership that de-layed and stalled an election at every opportunity. The entire process wound up lasting 428 days. With the new rule, the process would have taken 141 days. What I can’t understand is how some people think that 428 days is reason-able and that somehow 141 days is an ambush election. I think 428 days for a union election is inexcusable. It is harmful to our families and the econ-omy and harmful to the businesses, the lack of predictability that that brings. 
The average resolution for an elec-
tion is 38 days. And we are not dealing with the average here; we are dealing with the outliers. One in 10 election cases are still unresolved after 100 days. There is no excuse for that. It is unthinkable. It is these 10 percent of employers and organizing efforts that this election will impact. The other 90 
percent work well. The current NLRB processes work well. We don’t need to change their methods. 
I keep hearing arguments that em-
ployees are losing the rights to pri-vacy, but I want to address these points because they are completely false. 
The companies have work schedules, 
email addresses, and phone numbers. They often use these to threaten and coerce employees at all hours of the day and night. Those who are orga-nizing already have access to home ad-dresses, but that is all they have. With-out work schedules, they might show up when an employee is sleeping or when they are not home. This new rule 
provides the same information to em-ployers and organizers. If you ask me, a home address—which they already have—is far more intrusive than an email or phone number, and I think that these reforms will, therefore, fur-ther the privacy of workers. 
The rules simply modernize the dis-
closure requirements, because the last time they were updated people didn’t have cell phones and emails. All they had were home addresses, which is why the union organizers currently have ac-cess to home addresses. 
Employers also indicate that they 
might be surprised by an election. The timeline the employers are referring to of 11 days is essentially impossible in the real world. Moreover, in essentially every case, the employer is fully aware that organizing is occurring long be-fore the petition is filed. Under the new rule, employers will have plenty of time to make their cases, and employ-ees will have plenty of time to make an informed decision. 
It is important to note that if the 
resolution were to actually pass and somehow be signed by the President— which it won’t be—it would forever prohibit the NLRB or any agency from enacting a substantially similar rule. 
b0930 
That means the simple moderniza-
tion efforts that I hope we could all agree upon, such as allowing parties to file election documents electronically, as this rule does, will be forever off the table, forcing both businesses and workers to use an antiquated and cost-ly system. 
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I op-
pose the rule and the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
My colleague from Colorado knows 
very well that the House is doing its work and focusing on the things that are important to hardworking Ameri-cans. Just this week, we are holding 81 hearings here in the House in various committees. That is definitely doing our work. We are here on the floor today looking at a very important piece of work and overriding this oner-ous rule. That is not a waste of time. 
Mr. Speaker, the National Labor Re-
lations Board has been attempting for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.006 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1777 March 19, 2015 
years to tip the scales toward union or-
ganizers, and last December, it was fi-nally able to accomplish one of its major goals with approval of this am-bush election rule. 
The two Board members who de-
scended from the decision were clear about the rule’s primary purpose: ena-bling initial union representation elec-tions to occur as soon as possible. This rule will shorten the length of time in which such an election is held from the current median of 38 days to as little as 11 days. 
The Board’s decision was broad and 
unprecedented, overturning decades of practice in labor laws and skewing elections in favor of unions. One of its most outrageous provisions is post-poning decisions about who is eligible to participate in an election to after the election. 
One of the most fundamental prin-
ciples of a fair election is ensuring only those eligible to vote to have the abil-ity to vote, maintaining the value of each voter’s individual vote. That basic democratic protection would be shat-tered by this rule. It may also lead to more union representation elections being set aside and new elections being ordered. 
Glenn Taubman characterized the 
consequences of this ambush election rule very fittingly in testimony before our Subcommittee on Health, Employ-ment, Labor, and Pensions, saying: 
It is akin to a mayoral election in which it 
is unknown, either before or after the elec-tion, whether up to 20 percent of the poten-tial voters are inside or outside the city lim-its. 
The rule will also require a new man-
datory poster be placed in the work-place within 2 business days of receiv-ing a petition for election, the content of which will be determined by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. 
Employers are also provided only 8 
days to find experienced representation before facing a hearing and must file an in-depth statement of position with-in only 7 days of receiving a petition for election. 
Companies of any size—and, in par-
ticular, small businesses—frequently do not have in-house counsel and are not prepared at the drop of a hat to re-spond to complex, consequential legal situations. 
A provision with a serious impact on 
employee privacy is the access pro-vided to unions of additional contact information, including every employ-ee’s name, address, personal phone number, and personal email address, which must be provided within 2 days of an election order without any option to opt out. 
Important review procedures would 
be set aside by this rule as well, includ-ing the opportunity for review of deci-sions made prior to the election by the Board itself. The Board’s requirement for review of postelection disputes would be made discretionary for the first time as well, limiting oversight. 
This flawed decision is currently fac-
ing litigation from the private sector as well, with the U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce and other trade associations fil-ing a lawsuit to block its implementa-tion as a violation of the National Labor Relations Act, Administrative Procedure Act, and employers’ rights. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and the underlying resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The Export-Import Bank ensures 
that American businesses remain com-petitive in foreign markets, and reau-thorizing it would create certainty for business across this country and is fully permissible under WTO rules. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-
vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to allow for consider-ation of legislation which would reau-thorize the Export-Import Bank for 7 years. 
Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, 
I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I, indeed, rise to oppose the request for a previous question in order that we might get on with the task of delib-erating on reauthorization of the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
Just to remind people, the Export- 
Import Bank provides loans or loan guarantees to the foreign purchasers of American-made goods and services— American-made goods and services. 
This venerated institution has been 
around for 80-some years, it has been enthusiastically supported by every single President since; Democratic and Republican, liberal and conservative, all have supported reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. 
This federally chartered Bank dis-
appears in 103 days if we do not act. If the House continues to refuse to place it before the committee of jurisdiction for a hearing, refuses to place it before the committee of jurisdiction for a markup, refuses to consider it on this floor, the Bank will disappear in 103 days. 
The problem is that is not when the 
damage is done. The damage is already beginning because of the cloud of un-certainty that hangs over the Export- Import Bank. Air Tractor, a company in Texas, which manufactures air-planes for use in firefighting and agri-culture, lost a multimillion dollar order to Africa because they were told: We don’t know if the Bank will be around. 
Last year, FirmGreen, a California- 
based firm that was founded by a wounded Vietnam veteran, lost a mul-timillion dollar deal overseas because they were told there is too much uncer-tainty, there is too big a cloud of un-certainty hanging over the Export-Im-port Bank. 
Ladies and gentlemen in the House, I 
don’t know what to say, I don’t know what to say to Terry and Stacie Coch-ran, the owners of a business in eastern Washington that have grown their business from one-third based on ex-
ports to two-thirds based on exports as a consequence of their relationship with the Export-Import Bank. I don’t know what I would say to Terry and Stacie if this cloud of uncertainty con-tinues to hang and the Bank goes away. 
I don’t know what to say to STAC, a 
business located in my district in Sum-ner, Washington, an idea in a gentle-man’s head—also, by the way, a vet-eran—who formed a business to sell ad-hesives into the marketplace that now employs 8 or 10 people with a signifi-cant export business. Why? Because of the Export-Import Bank. 
I don’t know what to say to 
Manhasset, of all places in Yakima, Washington, one of the world’s leading music stand manufacturers. Indeed, 90 percent of the transactions, approxi-mately, of the Export-Import Bank are for small businesses. 
The damage is being done now in the 
absence of action and the failure of this House to take up this issue. The real damage is long term, and it is signifi-cant, and it is material. 
I talked the other day on the floor 
about the fact that commercial air-lines is basically a manufacturing du-opoly. We all know that. One is based in France. It is Airbus. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia). The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. I thank the 
gentleman from Colorado. 
Airplane manufacturing currently is 
a duopoly, a French-based business and an American-based business, which I want to remind people is the heart and soul of engineering manufacturing in this country, it is the heart and soul of it. 
It is not going to remain the case, in 
any event, because, as we all know— and if we don’t, we should—China is right now in the process of developing a wide-body commercial aircraft for entry into the world marketplace. I think it is tentatively named the C919. 
China’s export credit authority, 
which I remind the Chamber every other developed nation on the Earth has, is multiple in size of America’s ex-port credit authority, the Export-Im-port Bank. They are literally—not figuratively—they are literally sitting over there, rubbing their hands in glee, waiting for this Chamber to refuse to act because when their airplane comes online in 2 to 8 years, they are going to jump into this market like there is no tomorrow. 
The damage to the heart and soul of 
our manufacturing sector cannot be ex-aggerated; indeed, to remind you, every advanced economy on the face of the planet has an export credit authority, and if we allow ours to expire, it is tan-tamount to unilateral disarmament. 
An amazing array of groups support 
this. Everybody from—yes, believe it or not—the Sierra Club, to the Chamber 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.008 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1778 March 19, 2015 
of Commerce, to the International As-
sociation of Machinists, to the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers. Everyone supports our bill; yet we dither. 
In summary, to repeat, the Export- 
Import Bank is a job-creating machine, 1.2 million jobs in the last 5 years. The Export-Import Bank is a deficit-reduc-ing machine, $6.9 billion to reduce our 
deficit. It doesn’t cost us anything. There are no Federal taxpayer dollars involved. It is a superperforming agen-cy. It creates jobs; it reduces our def-icit—and significantly—and it goes away in 103 days if this Chamber fails to act. 
I oppose the demand for the previous 
question so that we might get on with the business of strengthening Amer-ica’s economy. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The word ‘‘venerated’’ is usually re-
served for clerics and not government agencies. Such an attitude borders on worship of government agencies, and I doubt very seriously that the majority of hardworking Americans agree with that attitude. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman 
from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE), my distin-
guished colleague. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I hope you are feeling better soon, also. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of both the rule and Senate Joint Reso-lution 8, which would overturn the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s ambush elections rule. I was proud to join my friend, Chairman J
OHNKLINE, in intro-
ducing the House version of this resolu-tion. 
We are here today because the Obama 
administration is trying to fix a prob-lem that does not exist, claiming that expediting elections on whether to form a union is needed because of delays in the process and supposed un-fair advantages to employers. 
Mr. Speaker, let me say that I grew 
up in a union household. My father worked for B.F. Goodrich Company. He was a longtime union member after World War II. I have seen many things that the unions have done that have been good. Unions are legal in America. Employees have a right to hear all the information. They can decide whether they want to be in a union or not be in a union. 
There is no big hurry. Look, the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board—and this is March Madness, so I will use a bas-ketball metaphor. I played basketball, and other people do; you expect the ref-erees to just be a fair arbiter of the game. When you go in someone else’s home court, you expect to get a fair call. 
b0945 
That is all we expect the NLRB to do, 
and that is not what is happening now. Here are the facts. 
In reality, under the current proce-
dures, 94 percent of elections are held within 56 days. The median is 38 days 
from a petition’s being filed. Further-more, unions won 60 percent of those elections, so they win more than half— or two-thirds, I should say. Given the importance and consequences of the de-cisionmaking being made by workers, this is an entirely reasonable period of time. 
Under the NLRB’s radical new policy, 
union elections could be held, Mr. Speaker, in as little as 11 days after a petition is filed. As an employer myself of not a large business, I don’t know if I could find a labor attorney in 11 days to go through this very complicated legal issue. This is not nearly enough time for employers to present their side to employees or for those employ-ees to make an informed decision. Un-fortunately, for workers, the NLRB rule doesn’t stop here. 
Of grave concern to me is the threat 
posed to workers’ privacy. Currently, employers are required to turn over a list of employees and their home ad-dresses to union organizers within 7 days after an election is ordered. So you have a week. The ambush election rule, instead, would open the door for greater harassment and intimidation by requiring employers to turn over each employee’s name, address, phone number, email address—all within 2 days of an election order. 
It is for this reason that I introduced 
the Employee Privacy Protection Act in the last Congress. This bill would have required only the names of the employees and one piece of contact in-formation of the employee’s choosing. The employee gets to decide how he is contacted and to have that be provided to union organizers. I think that is very reasonable. This will allow com-munications to happen but on the workers’ terms. 
Choosing whether to be represented 
by a union is a big decision with rami-fications in the workplace and at home. Instead of ensuring a fair proc-ess for unions, employers, and workers, this NLRB is trying to rig the game in favor of union bosses, and that is not fair to workers or to employees. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
rule and the resolution. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Thank you, 
Mr. P OLIS. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the previous question because I believe that it is imperative that we have an opportunity to present a piece of legis-lation that will have a tremendous im-pact on our economy. 
I believe that H.R. 1031, Promoting 
U.S. Jobs through Exports Act, is an important piece of legislation, and I am in complete agreement with my colleagues who have indicated that this piece of legislation has not received a fair hearing. It has not received a markup in the Financial Services Com-mittee, and it has not been afforded an opportunity to come to the floor. One of the ways that we can elimi-
nate things here in Congress is by not acting on them at all. It appears that this piece of legislation is destined not to be acted upon; thereby, the elimi-nation of the Export-Import Bank will take place. This is unfortunate. 
I believe that, when there are things 
that you would like to say that are being said better by others, it is better to let them say them. I would like to just quote a few things from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce with reference to the Ex-Im Bank. 
The Chamber indicates: ‘‘Failure to 
reauthorize Ex-Im would put at risk more than 150,000 American jobs at 3,000 companies.’’ That is significant. 
The Chamber goes on to talk about 
the spinoffs—the other jobs—that will be impacted by virtue of the 150,000 jobs that will be put at risk: ‘‘Tens of thousands of smaller companies that supply goods and services to large ex-porters also benefit from Ex-Im’s ac-tivities,’’ meaning that these compa-nies too will suffer, and these are addi-tional workers who will suffer. 
The Chamber indicates: ‘‘Other coun-
tries are providing approximately 18 times more export credit assistance to their exporters than Ex-Im did to U.S. exporters last year.’’ 
It goes on to read: ‘‘If Congress fails 
to reauthorize Ex-Im, the United States would become the only major trading nation without such a bank, putting American exporters at a unique disadvantage in tough global markets.’’ 
Now, that is the United States Cham-
ber of Commerce. I think this is a source that many of my colleagues on the other side would rely upon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I am also here to say that the State of Texas, which is the largest State that deals in exports—the top export-ing State, accounting for approxi-mately 18 percent of the national ex-ports—would be hurt. In Texas, we have approximately 1,630 exporters that utilize the Export-Import Bank. In my district, 46 small businesses are using the Export-Import Bank, and 14 of these are minority-owned while five are owned by women. The bank is mak-ing a difference. 
In Texas, we have a saying: ‘‘If it 
ain’t broke, don’t fix it.’’ It ain’t broke. We are trying to fix it, and we are doing it by eliminating an entity that is making a difference for our economy. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The history of this regulation is as 
sordid as most of the NLRB’s actions have been over the past few years. 
The Board initially attempted to pro-
mulgate this regulation in 2011 without a legitimate quorum and saw its deci-sion struck down by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.009 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1779 March 19, 2015 
That court decision was upheld by the 
U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. 
After rescinding its initial attempt 
at imposing an ambush election rule, the Board, now back to its full strength after threats by Senate Demo-crats to exercise the nuclear option to spark filibuster reform, reintroduced the ambush election rule in February of last year. Today, we face the con-sequences of that effort. 
Those efforts are not the only objec-
tionable actions of the National Labor Relations Board in recent years. Last year, I sent a letter, with several of my colleagues, opposing the NLRB general counsel’s efforts to deem franchisers joint employers with their franchisees. That determination could have pro-found consequences for the over 8 mil-lion Americans who go to work at our country’s over 750,000 franchise busi-nesses. 
The NLRB also purported to be able 
to instruct private businesses as to where they could invest, telling The Boeing Company in 2011 that it could not operate a factory in South Carolina it had already built. Our Federal Gov-ernment has far too much power, but, thankfully, it does not yet have the power to tell businesses where they can and can’t expand. The Board was forced to withdraw its complaint in that in-stance. 
The NLRB regulation that we will 
address today on the floor is just an-other in a long line of objectionable ac-tions that the Board has taken since President Obama’s appointees have taken office. There is no reason to be-lieve that their approach to the law will change, but our step today to in-voke the Congressional Review Act is merely another sign of our willingness to exercise oversight tirelessly into the Board’s actions. We will continue to be vigilant on behalf of workers and their employers. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, Mr. G REEN ’s repeated reference to 
the United States Chamber of Com-merce’s point of view prompted me to believe that entering their actual words, that of the Chamber’s, into the R
ECORD would be a constructive addi-
tion to this debate. So I read from their letter: 
‘‘Failure to reauthorize Ex-Im would 
put at risk more than 150,000 American jobs at 3,000 companies that depend on the Bank to be able to compete in glob-al markets. Ex-Im is especially impor-tant to small- and medium-size busi-nesses, which account for more than 85 percent of Ex-Im’s transactions. Tens of thousands of smaller companies that supply goods and services to large ex-porters also benefit from Ex-Im’s ac-tivities. 
‘‘Other countries are providing ap-
proximately 18 times more export cred-it assistance to their exporters than 
Ex-Im did to U.S. exporters last year.’’ 
Further, the ‘‘reauthorization of Ex- 
Im would benefit taxpayers by reducing the deficit by hundreds of millions of dollars. Far from being a subsidy, Ex- Im has generated $2.7 billion for tax-payers in the last six years, mostly through fees collected from foreign customers. Eliminating Ex-Im would increase the U.S. budget deficit.’’ 
I am going to repeat that. ‘‘Elimi-
nating Ex-Im would increase the U.S. budget deficit.’’ 
‘‘Ex-Im’s overall active default rate 
hovers below one-quarter of one per-cent, a default rate lower than com-mercial banks. 
‘‘The U.S. Chamber, the world’s larg-
est business federation representing the interests of more than three mil-lion businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, pro-tecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, urges the House to pass long-term Ex-Im reauthorization as expeditiously as possible.’’ 
Those are verbatim words from the 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s position on the long-term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Why? Because they know that the failure to do so 103 days from now will materially damage the U.S. economy and will reduce the numbers of jobs. I urge you to support the long-term reauthorization of the Ex-Im. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-
pared to close if my colleague from Colorado is also prepared. 
Mr. POLIS. If somebody else shows 
up, I might yield to him; but with that understanding, I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little 
bit about the Export-Import Bank and what they do and why it is so impor-tant. 
First of all, there are a lot of forms 
of subsidization that are not permitted under trade rules or the WTO. How-ever, there are certain safe harbors for things that are allowed, and all of our major trading partners have something like an Export-Import Bank. 
What it does is it helps to effectively 
finance our exports. When we have somebody who wants to buy products from an American company in another country, rather than have that com-pany, itself, have to collect that over-seas debt, effectively, that debt is transferred to this pseudopublic entity, the Export-Import Bank, and that, ef-fectively, becomes the collection agent overseas for that debt. It, effectively, allows our exporters to get their pay-ments up front to outsource any risk of no payment occurring. In fact, the U.S. Export Agency is in a better position to collect those debts because people will see them abroad as an entity of the U.S. Government. It works out well, as it is profitable; it is supported by the business community; and it is fully permissible under trade rules. If we fail to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank, we are, effectively, stab-bing ourselves in the foot. We are hurt-ing our own export economy. Do we think for 1 minute that other countries are going to stop engaging in similar allowable trade practices that benefit their own manufacturing industries? No, of course not. People across the world are going to scratch their heads just as they do when our own Congress shuts down our government, just as they do when Members of our own Con-gress undermine our own President dip-lomatically. They ask: What are the Americans doing? They are doing this to themselves. They are hurting their own exports, and they are hurting their own manufacturing. 
That is exactly why I hope that we do 
defeat the previous question and come forward with a clean Export-Import Bank reauthorization, which I am con-fident would overwhelmingly pass here on the floor of the House. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-
ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, what this 
discussion really comes down to with regard to the NLRB is whether or not bad actors should continue to get away with abusing an antiquated system for their own advantage. 
I truly believe—and I hope my col-
leagues do, too—that employers and employees should have a level playing field with an updated and expeditious processing mechanism. Employers should not be able to endlessly delay and appeal elections and abuse a proc-ess that was put in place just as much for them as it was for employees. 
Organizing has a long and important 
history in America. Unions and collec-tive bargaining have made sure we have a weekend to spend with our fami-lies, a 40-hour workweek, and made sure women are paid fair wages. 
b1000 
Organizing has made sure workers 
are safe from all types and forms of workplace dangers. Countless studies show that the proportion of workers in labor organizations tracks very closely with income for middle class Ameri-cans. 
Critics of this rule don’t want a level 
playing field for labor organizations to fight for the middle class. They want a process that is open to delay and ma-nipulation. Rather than letting work-ers choose for themselves whether or not they want to join a union, bad ac-tors would prefer to delay or prevent the choice from ever being made at all. This new rule reduces the opportunity for bad actors to play games with the process and applies new technological updates to the process as well. 
The Republicans, time and time 
again, seem to want to waste time on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.010 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1780 March 19, 2015 
grandstanding instead of legislating. 
This is a perfect example of another bill that won’t become law. The Repub-licans want to tilt the economy toward the wealthy, toward big business, to-ward CEOs. 
We were sent here to do the people’s 
work. The new rule for the NLRB is en-tirely consistent with the legislative intent of the creation of that agency, and it is for the advantage of people who live in our towns and cities. It im-proves the economy, raises up the mid-dle class, helps give everybody a fair shot at the American Dream. 
When we talk about the pathway to 
the American Dream, the pathway to success in our country, the organized labor movement has and continues to make enormous contributions toward making sure that Americans are earn-ing livable wages, that they can sup-port their families and live the Amer-ican Dream. It is not only the week-ends and 40-hour workweeks that they have given us. The organized labor movement continues to fight for the middle class and to fight to grow the middle class and to address some of the increasing trend of income disparities that are threatening our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion, and then we will bring forward the Export-Import Bank clean reau-thorization that does create jobs for middle class Americans and in manu-facturing. Some of those plants will be union and some won’t be. That is the choice of the workers. The NLRB bill facilitates that choice. It doesn’t pre-suppose that every workplace will want to organize nor that no workplaces will want to organize. It simply has a fair set of rules in place—fair to businesses, fair to employees, fair to labor, fair to everybody—that allows a decision to be made regarding organizing in the work-place. 
What is even more important about 
the effort Mr. H
ECKtalked about is it 
will allow workers and business owners to participate in a bigger pie. That is what we all want. By reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, we are creating jobs in our country and the export sec-tor; and that means that the owners of the companies will do well; it means the employees of the companies will do well; it means the management will do well; it means the line workers will do well. 
So let’s participate in a growing pie 
by passing a clean reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank rather than trying to divide the pie to take more away from working families and the middle class and give more to big busi-nesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The proud traditions of this House 
and its committees are continued by the committee funding resolution this 
rule will provide for consideration of. Our record of careful stewardship of taxpayer dollars continues with the House authorized funds for the 114th Congress below those in 2008. The fund-ing resolution was favorably reported out of committee by unanimous voice vote. The chair and ranking member of each committee worked together to de-velop their individual budget prior-ities, and each committee also re-affirmed its commitment to uphold the equitable two-thirds/one-third alloca-tion between the majority and minor-ity sides. 
Our record of careful stewardship of 
taxpayer dollars continues, with the House authorized funds for the 114th Congress below those in 2008. 
Returning to the ambush elections 
rule, which was, sadly, not crafted in the same bipartisan fashion as our committee funding resolution, Mr. Speaker, we must remember that pro-viding for free and fair elections is one of the most fundamental principles of our democracy. 
The National Labor Relations 
Board’s ambush elections rule is an af-front to that principle. Without a chance to opt out, it provides the per-sonal contact information of every em-ployee to organizers who may have had no previous interactions with those employees. The rule could lead to union representation elections being held within only 11 days without any certainty over who should be partici-pating in the election or adequate time to consult with legal counsel. 
It is not as if existing rules favor one 
party over another. If anything, they favor unions. Currently, 95 percent of elections occur within 2 months, and unions win more than 60 percent of them. The National Labor Relations Board should be focused on maintain-ing fair union representation elections backed by longstanding precedent, not upending a longstanding, carefully tai-lored process for elections that pro-vided fundamental protections to all stakeholders: workers, unions, and em-ployers. 
This Congressional Review Act joint 
resolution is an important step in Con-gress exercising its oversight role to ensure that independent agencies and the executive branch do not step on vital protections for hardworking Americans. 
I strongly commend this rule and the 
underlying resolutions to my col-leagues for their support. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 152 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1031) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall 
not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the- bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1031. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.012 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1781 March 19, 2015 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 181, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 126] 
YEAS—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher 
Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Ellison 
Garamendi Gosar Graves (MO) Grayson Hinojosa Johnson (GA) 
Jordan Labrador Payne Rogers (KY) Roskam Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Williams Young (AK) Young (IN) 
b1033 
Mr. CARNEY, Ms. JACKSON LEE, 
Messrs. RUSH and BUTTERFIELD changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. MICA, BURGESS, and Mrs. 
HARTZLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 181, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 127] 
AYES—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:52 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.005 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1782 March 19, 2015 
Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon 
Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton 
Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bucshon 
Garamendi Gosar Graves (MO) Grayson Hinojosa Jordan 
Labrador Payne Perlmutter Roskam Ryan (WI) Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Williams Young (AK) Young (IN) 
b1040 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 127 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
No. 127 I was unavoidably detained and missed voting of rollcall No. 127. Had I been present, when the vote was called, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, on March 19, 
2015, the House voted on H. Res. 152, to pro-vide consideration of H. Res. 132. I acciden-tally voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote No. 127; I do not support H. Res. 152 or H. Res. 132; I in-tended to vote ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 127. I would like the record to accurately reflect my stance on this issue. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
House Resolution 152, I call up the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 152, the joint resolution is consid-ered read. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
S.J. R ES. 8 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-
approves the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures (published at 79 Fed. Reg. 74308 (December 15, 2014)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. K LINE) 
and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
b1045 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S.J. Res. 8. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in strong support of S.J. 
Res. 8. In just a few short weeks, a regu-
latory scheme that many Americans never heard of will become a reality in almost every private workplace across the country. 
Today, workers and employers rely 
on a fair process for union elections. Under the current process, employers have time to raise concerns and, more importantly, time to speak with their employees about union representation. 
Under the current system, workers 
have an opportunity to gather the in-formation they need to make the best decision for their families. But unless Congress acts, Mr. Speaker, that will all change. 
Under the guise of streamlining 
union elections, the National Labor Relations Board is imposing draconian changes that will undermine the rights workers, employers, and unions have long enjoyed. 
The Board’s rule arbitrarily limits 
the amount of time employers have to legally prepare for the election, and it denies workers a reasonable oppor-tunity to make informed decisions about joining a union. 
The rule also delays answers to im-
portant questions—including voter eli-gibility—until after the election, which means the integrity of the election re-sults will be compromised before a sin-gle ballot is cast. 
To add insult to injury, the Board’s 
rule will also force employers to pro-vide union organizers with their em-ployees’ personal information, includ-ing email addresses, phone numbers, work schedules, and home addresses. Instead of advancing a plan to help stop union intimidation and coercion, the Board is actually making it easier for labor bosses to harass employees and their families. 
Are there times when delays occur 
under the current system? Of course. But delay is the exception, not the rule. In fact, right now, the median time between the filing of an election petition and the election is 38 days. Yet under the Board’s new rule, a union election could take place in as little as 11 days. Eleven days. 
This is a radical rewrite of labor poli-
cies that have served our Nation’s best interests for decades. Unfortunately, this is what we have come to expect from the National Labor Relations Board. 
Let’s not forget, this is the same 
Federal agency that tried dictating where a private employer had to run its business. This is the same agency restricting workers’ rights to secret ballot elections. This is the same agen-cy ignoring the law by asserting its ju-risdiction over religious institutions. This is the same agency tying employ-ers in union red tape and empowering labor leaders to gerrymander our Na-tion’s workplaces. This is a Federal agency that is simply out of control, and it is our responsibility to do some-thing about it. 
This resolution, which I am proud to 
sponsor along with Senator L
AMAR  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.006 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1783 March 19, 2015 
ALEXANDER of Tennessee, invokes Con-
gress’ authority under the Congres-sional Review Act to block the NLRB’s ambush election rule and anything sub-stantially like it. 
If the Board or my Democrat col-
leagues want to pursue responsible re-forms to improve the union election process, then I stand ready to work to-gether on that effort. 
But if you believe employers should 
be free to speak to their employees during a union organizing campaign, then support this resolution. If you be-lieve workers should be free to make an informed decision about whether to join a union, then support this resolu-tion. If you believe we should protect— rather than threaten—employee pri-vacy, then support this resolution. Fi-nally, if you believe workers, employ-ers, and union leaders deserve a fair election process, then reject the Board’s ambush election rule by sup-porting this resolution. 
I encourage my colleagues to stand 
with America’s workers and job cre-ators by voting ‘‘yes’’ on S.J. Res. 8. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
S.J. Res. 8. 
The Congressional Review Act reso-
lution of disapproval that we are con-sidering today would undo the NLRB’s election rule. The National Labor Rela-tions Board election rule was promul-gated to make the election process more efficient and fair. 
The current process to hold an elec-
tion on whether to form a union is badly broken. After workers have filed a petition to hold an election, bad ac-tors can use frivolous litigation to stall an election for months, even years. Election delays can provide opportuni-ties for unscrupulous employers to en-gage in threats, coercion, and intimida-tion of workers. These delays can be exploited to violate workers’ rights, in-cluding firing pro-union workers or threatening to close the plant if the workers choose to vote a certain way. 
We all know that the sanctions 
against violations are insufficient to deter the unscrupulous activities, in-cluding firing pro-union employees. 
Researchers from the Center for 
Labor Research and Education at Berkeley found that the longer the delay before the union election, the more likely the employer was to en-gage in illegal conduct that violates its employees’ rights. The NLRB election rule would help prevent the illegal in-timidation and coercion of workers. 
Mr. Speaker, this regulation provides 
targeted solutions to discrete, specifi-cally identifiable problems. The rule brings into the 21st century the updat-ing of rules involving the transmission of documents and communications, al-lowing you to use email and electronic communication rather than paper. It will enable the Board to better fulfill its responsibility to protect employees’ rights by fairly, accurately, and quick-
ly resolving issues of representation. 
In many cases, the rule just sim-
plifies and standardizes practices that have been common in regions all over the country already, or reflects exist-ing practices used in civil actions. The rule does not change substantive law involving elections. It just makes sure that you can have a timely election. 
These modest updates provide work-
ers and employees with reasonable time to consider unionization while preventing unreasonable delay by bad actors. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, this resolution 
isn’t going to go very far. The adminis-tration has already issued a Statement of Administration Policy that I would like to quote from. It says that: 
‘‘The Board’s modest reforms will 
help simplify and streamline private sector union elections, thereby reduc-ing delays before workers can have a free and fair vote on whether or not to form or join a union.’’ 
It goes on to say that: ‘‘Giving workers greater voice can 
help ensure that the link is restored between hard work and opportunity and that the benefits of the current economic recovery are more broadly shared. 
‘‘The National Labor Relations 
Board’s representation case procedures rule helps to level the playing field for workers so they can more freely choose to make their voice heard. In doing so, it will help us build an economy that gives greater economic opportunities and security for middle-class families and those working to join the middle class.’’ 
It concludes, Mr. Speaker, that: ‘‘If the President were presented with 
S.J. Res. 8, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the Resolu-tion.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, instead of wasting time 
on this resolution, we should be ad-dressing job creation, stagnating wages, economic inequality, and work-ing to improve opportunities for Amer-icans, rather than considering this res-olution. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, somehow I 
am not surprised that the Obama ad-ministration supports the administra-tion’s National Labor Relations Board’s actions. 
At this time, I am very pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, I hate to say it this 
way, but the fact of the matter is that the NLRB is creating a solution to a problem that does not exist by wholly changing the union election process through their new ambush election rule. This rule, if left unchecked, re-stricts the right of employers to speak to their employees during their orga-nizing campaign. It cripples—it crip-
ples—the rights of workers to make an informed decision. It denies all stake-holders access to a fair process. And isn’t that what we are about? 
This change is meant to weaken em-
ployers and employees who simply want a fair and just process that gives ample time for a deliberative review, discussion, and decisionmaking. Fur-thermore, the ambush election rule completely disregards the promise of neutrality that NLRB is mandated to uphold. 
The NLRB should serve as an impar-
tial arbiter of labor disputes, and I urge my colleagues to join the Senate in passing S.J. Res. 8, which will stop these harmful and unjust actions com-mitted by the NLRB and preserve fair election policies which have been in place for decades. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the Demo-
cratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. S COTT). 
Mr. Speaker, ladies and gentlemen of 
the House, I rise in very strong opposi-tion to this resolution, and I urge every one of my Members to oppose this resolution. 
We considered a Paycheck Fairness 
Act, a card check bill which said that if the unions got the signatures of a certain percentage, that they could move ahead and be organized, subject to an election. 
There was a hue and cry about, that 
was undemocratic, that there ought to be a requirement for an election. A number of people came into my office, and I said, Well, I think we can accom-modate that. We will make sure there is a requirement that—as every one of us can do—you can get the names of the voters, you can get their addresses, you can even get their history of vot-ing, and you can perhaps call them on the phone. We can all do that in elec-tions. 
But the fact of the matter is—and ev-
erybody on this House floor knows it— procedurally, so many employers who do not believe that they are going to prevail take the steps of delaying and delaying and delaying. They want elec-tions tomorrow and tomorrow and to-morrow. 
Mr. Speaker, what the NLRB is try-
ing to do with this rule is to make sure that there is an election, that it is fair, and that it will be held in a timely fashion. 
I hope this House defeats this resolu-
tion. 
This resolution would prevent the 
National Labor Relations Board from implementing the rule it promulgated in December to modernize worker rep-resentation elections. 
But there is a fear of elections, and 
the fear of elections is that the major-ity of employees will say, yes, I want to have a better voice. 
This is a case, once again, of the Re-
publican majority seeking to roll back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.020 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1784 March 19, 2015 
the hard-earned rights of workers to 
organize and bargain collectively for better wages and benefits. And that is not an assertion. That is demonstrably proved in State after State after State over the last few years in which Repub-licans have taken control, and their first item of the agenda has been to un-dermine workers’ rights. 
When workers organize for higher 
wages and benefits—like health insur-ance, retirement savings, and afford-able child care—it opens the doors of opportunity for workers and their fam-ilies to secure a place in our middle class. We know our middle class is shrinking. We know the middle class is having a very tough time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. According to a 2013 report by the 
Center for American Progress, the de-cline of union membership between the 1960s and today correlates to a decline of the middle class. 
When we have strong unions and 
workers’ rights protections, the middle class does better. And workers who are not unionized benefit from the ripple effect of rising wages. 
Let’s defeat this bill. I think the gentleman from Min-
nesota (Mr. K
LINE), the chairman of 
this committee, has said that he would sit down with the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT) to come up with a bi-
partisan bill—which this is not—which will do what all of us say we think is fair, to have elections, to have elec-tions where both sides—and of course the employer always has access to the voter in this case—and do something for the American worker and for busi-ness which will put us on a steady path to growing the middle class and mak-ing sure that workers are treated as they ought to be, with the dignity and respect and the ability to support their families that they need. 
b1100 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), the distinguished majority lead-
er. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I always find it to be of 
interest listening to this debate. Do you know what is most ironic about this bill? It is about elections. Every-body in this body has an election. But do you know what is different? Every-one in this body knows when their next election is going to be held and knows how much time they have to campaign, so much so that we have rules on this floor when we cut off communication months in advance so you can cam-paign. 
I listened with interest to the minor-
ity whip speak on this floor his support for something different from what this bill does. I wonder, if he cared so much about what the NLRB is doing, would 
he apply those exact same rules to his own election? Would he care to not know when it is going to be and then when it gets called he has 11 days to campaign? I think his speech would be different. So why are we asking the rules for us to be different from every other worker across this country? 
The root of representation is to work 
for the interests of those you rep-resent. Everyone in the House knows that. And unions, as representative bodies, should exist for the benefit of the workers. But I don’t think anyone disagrees that it is the workers, not the unions, who know what is best for themselves. Workers are the best judges of whether they want to support union political activity or even if they want to join a union at all. Joining a union is a big choice. To make an in-formed decision, workers need time to decide what is best for them and their families, and they shouldn’t be pres-sured or rushed. 
So if unions really care about work-
ers, and if they are confident that the benefits of their union outweigh the costs, they will give the workers as much time as they need. That is the irony of the recent decision by the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, to allow unions to call rush elections, to am-bush employees and employers. Am-bush elections don’t help workers; in-stead, they bully workers to accept unionization as fast as possible. That is not pro-worker; that is pro-union—and there is a big difference. 
What makes the situation worse is 
that ambush elections will soon be forced on workers not by an act of Con-gress, but by unelected bureaucrats in the NLRB. That is an affront to the separation of powers that this country was based upon. 
So here in Congress, Mr. Speaker, we 
are taking action. As our Senate col-leagues have already voted to do, we are going to use the Congressional Re-view Act to send a resolution straight to the President’s desk that blocks this antiworker and antibusiness rule. 
Now, I know the President has al-
ready threatened to veto this resolu-tion, but I actually hope he will change his mind, because what does the Presi-dent want to fight for? Does he want to fight for the workers? Does he want to fight for small businesses and jobs? 
Ambush elections don’t help workers. 
They don’t help employers. They only help unions. And no public official, not any Member of this House, and espe-cially not the President, should ever support rules that allow special inter-ests to strong-arm the hardworking American people. 
Mr. Speaker, nobody in this House 
should support a rule about an election they wouldn’t put upon themselves, and I don’t know one Member of this House that would sit back and say somebody can call an election and you only have 11 days to campaign. I would like to hear somebody vote for that on this floor and ask to be held to the same standards they are trying to hold 
every other worker to in this Nation. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, where to 
begin? In hearing the majority leader’s remarks and in talking about fair elec-tions, how is it fair if only one side has access to the phone numbers and email addresses and not the other side? Can any of us imagine running in our cam-paigns where only we or only our oppo-nent can call or write emails to the voters? That doesn’t make any sense. 
Talking about 11 days, again, that is 
fictitious. This rule is about the 1 in 10 cases that take over 100 days. Mr. Speaker, we heard testimony in com-mittee about organizing that lingered on hundreds and hundreds of days. And as our ranking member pointed out, the longer it takes, there is a direct and causal relationship to illegal be-havior. 
The election rules that the NLRB has 
implemented will help expedite this process to be sure it is done in accord-ance with the law. It modernizes our antiquated system to level the playing field for workers. These rules set up a fair system so that bad actors that needlessly delay and abuse the elec-toral system for the sole purpose of having time to coerce employees through mandatory meetings, threats, and even firings won’t be rewarded for their bad behavior. This coercion is not just some far-fetched idea. One in 10 cases take over 100 days. 
Now, why would delaying a union 
election be a bad thing for union work-ers? Because during that delay, these workers are forced into rooms, receive threats, are bombarded with texts and 
emails from the employer—again, from one side in the election—but the other side in the election, absent these rules, doesn’t even have access to text or phone. 
Mr. Speaker, we should be focused on 
creating new jobs, not destroying them, and growing the middle class, not shrinking it. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. 
Thank you, Chairman K LINE, for yield-
ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chair-
man’s leadership on this important issue, and I am grateful to be a cospon-sor of this legislation. 
As a member of the House Education 
and the Workforce Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, I am concerned with the Na-tional Labor Relations Board’s latest rule, which is referred to as the am-bush election rule, and I stand in strong support of S.J. Res. 8. 
The ambush election rule is a tool to 
force union elections, not to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.021 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1785 March 19, 2015 
workers. Revisions of the list require-
ments under the rule will compel em-ployers to provide very personal infor-mation about their employees, such as names, address, telephone numbers, and email addresses. This will violate the privacy of workers while reducing the informed decision period. To add insult to injury, the rule does not limit or dictate what unions can do with this sensitive information. 
I am pleased that South Carolina is a 
right-to-work State. Union member-ship is not a requirement of employ-ment in our State. It is based on free-dom of choice. I am grateful we have fought as a State to give our employees and job creators the flexibility to choose what is best for them. 
South Carolina has successfully op-
posed the rogue NLRB when the NLRB tried to block 1,000 jobs at the Boeing facility in Charleston. With the leader-ship of Governor Nikki Haley, Attor-ney General Alan Wilson, and Senators L
INDSEY GRAHAM and T IMSCOTT, we 
stopped the NLRB, and now over 7,000 jobs have been created. 
S.J. Res. 8 will express our strong 
disapproval of the National Labor Re-lations Board rule and ensure a fair elections process. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
IL-
SON), the ranking member of the Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Thank you, 
Ranking Member S COTT. 
Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Re-
view Act is yet another attack on em-ployees’ rights to organize and to limit the National Labor Relations Board. The NLRB should have the ability to safeguard those rights and protect our Nation’s workers from unfair labor practices. 
It is outrageous that the rights of 
employees are attacked, particularly at a time when we have a jobs deficit, a shrinking middle class, and are still struggling to recover from the Great Recession. 
The NLRB has made modest at-
tempts to modernize its election proce-dures and reduce unnecessary litiga-tion and delay in the election process. These are commonsense fixes that should not be controversial. 
The CRA would freeze in place the 
Board’s current flawed election proce-dure. The Board would be prohibited from adopting rules to utilize new technology or modernize its proce-dures. The NLRB is an expert agency and should be trusted to determine the appropriate use of electronic voting or rules to safeguard ballot secrecy. 
Furthermore, I am not aware of any 
other government agency that has to seek Congress’ permission before mod-ernizing its rules for voting that takes place under its jurisdiction. 
Dismantling the NLRB would only 
serve to weaken, undermine, and jeop-ardize the economic security of the middle class. It is bad for business, bad for families, and bad for our economy. In fact, the National Labor Relations 
Board is the last line of defense for workers. 
We shouldn’t be attacking our Na-
tion’s employees; we should be sup-porting them, investing in them, and protecting them. Let’s come together to create jobs, protect the middle class, and make the investments we need to grow our economy. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I now yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. R
USSELL ), a new member of 
the committee and someone who has been actively engaged in the major de-bates since he has walked into this body. 
Mr. RUSSELL. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, labor relations are vital 
to the smooth operation of business and commerce. In the culture of our Republic, Americans are raised to ex-pect to have their say in everything from schoolroom elections to choosing the President of the United States. It is in our DNA to have a choice. To in-form that choice, we expect free speech so we can ask questions, gain informa-tion, and make wise decisions. This is why the recently finalized rule by the National Labor Relations Board is so egregious. It is against that American spirit. 
Under this rule, longstanding policies 
that allow employers and employees to guide how they relate through unions has been deeply damaged. Companies could have as little as 11 days, or em-ployees in relating to the companies, as little as 11 days to make a choice that could drastically affect their ca-reer and the health of the business that they rely on to put bread on the table. 
Employers would only have a 7-day 
period to obtain counsel, set param-eters, and are even restricted in con-tacting and discussing issues with their employees. They are prohibited from making any changes after that 7-day period based on new information that they may acquire. 
Further, the privacy and safety of 
workers is placed in jeopardy by a swift ambush election process imposed by these rules that could put their em-ployment in jeopardy. 
This resolution stops this. It restores 
policies that have guided labor rela-
tions for decades. It upholds the right for American workers to gain informa-tion to make choices without draco-nian, strong-arm pressure tactics that harm the worker and stifle American free enterprise. 
This body was founded, Mr. Speaker, 
on the spirit of promoting the general welfare and ensuring domestic tran-quility for our Nation. Passage of S.J. Res. 8 aids this by stopping and block-ing the strong-arm tactics of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, and the American people are counting on us to do that job. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), a member of the Committee 
on Education and the Workforce. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to Senate Joint Resolution 8, an unnecessary partisan attack on hardworking Americans that will interfere with the rights of workers to an expeditious election on union rep-resentation. 
America’s middle class workers 
should be free to decide if they want an election. Unfortunately, the current process can be mired in litigation, and in some cases, workers waiting for an election have faced interference or in-timidation from outside groups. The NLRB’s rule safeguards the ability of workers to choose whether to be rep-resented by a union without con-fronting unnecessary delays. 
It makes little sense why Congress 
would want to get in the way of middle class Americans—factory line workers, health care workers, and utility work-ers—who ask for an election on union representation. It is also unreasonable to assume that employers, many of which have sophisticated legal teams, are going to be caught flat-footed. There is no ambush here. 
Mr. Speaker, the NLRB had a 
lengthy rulemaking proceeding with thousands of comments. It is unfair and, in fact, draconian to now use the Congressional Review Act to try to un-dermine the rights of workers by get-ting rid of this rule. The resolution is an ill-advised attempt to silence the 
voice of American workers, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
b1115 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. A
LLEN ), another new member 
of the committee and someone who has also been engaged since the day he walked in. 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I am al-
ways interested when we are talking about workers and I hear that people want to talk about what is best for workers. 
I will tell you that I am a new Mem-
ber of Congress, and I have had the privilege the past 30 years of my life to give people the privilege to have a good job. That is one of the greatest privi-leges of my life. 
We all want to do what is best for 
those folks who are sacrificing for us. We appreciate them; we appreciate their efforts. That is why I rise to sup-port Senate Joint Resolution 8, to dem-onstrate the disapproval of Congress of the National Labor Relations Board’s ‘‘ambush election’’ rule to protect our workers. 
A few weeks ago, the Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, of which I am a member, held a hearing on this very issue. We learned that this NLRB is not only un-precedented, it undermines the rights of both workers and employees and cre-ates for challenges for businesses when our economy can least afford it. 
The expert testimony was from those 
who have been engaged in labor rela-tions for quite a long time with tre-mendous experience. Their testimony 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.022 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1786 March 19, 2015 
provided comments about just how 
troubling such a threat to the privacy of workers and their families as em-ployers would be required to disclose the names, addresses, phone numbers, and emails of employees to the NLRB, then to the union. 
This rule is misguided, and NLRB has 
no business in rushing to advance its own agenda. We need to protect fair-ness in the work place. That is why I call on my colleagues to support Sen-ate Joint Resolution 8. 
I am proud to say that I am from the 
State of Georgia, a right-to-work State. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. KLINE. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ALLEN. In the State of Georgia, 
we have created almost 300,000 jobs since 2006. I am proud to say we have got the finest workers in America, and I want those workers to have the free-dom to make their decisions and not the NLRB. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ), a member of the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
ranking member, B OBBY SCOTT, for 
yielding me time. 
I am a small business owner, and I 
am a union member, and I have a union business. The disapproval of the NLRB rule under the Congressional Review Act is an extreme move that would roll back hardworking Americans’ rights to a fair and timely election on union rep-resentation. 
Let us look at what this rule does, 
two things: One, it modernizes commu-nications; and, two, it protects workers from dishonest employers. 
When this law was written, emails 
and iPhones didn’t exist, so it simply adds them to the list of what is avail-able to contact people about joining a union. 
Second, it creates a fair, modern 
workplace election process that elec-tions can be done in a timely manner. The current process has long been vul-nerable to manipulation, delay, and drawn out legal maneuvering by some unscrupulous employers. 
The reality of today’s workplace is 
employers still hold all the cards. The few bad actor employers can delay a union vote by intimidating or threat-ening employees. They already have the phone numbers, the emails, and the home addresses. Let’s face it: What is more intimidating, getting an email or saying you know where someone lives? 
The bottom line is this isn’t about 
the NLRB rule; this is about a process that we see across the country attack-ing hardworking Americans. Whether it is through so-called right-to-work laws or preventing the NLRB from up-dating the union election process, this is more evidence that the majority party is out to hurt the very hard-working Americans who want the abil-ity to form a union. This has a substantial impact on 
their lives. Workers covered by a col-lective bargaining agreement are paid more on average than those not cov-ered and are more likely to have health care, retirement, and paid leave bene-fits than nonunion workers. 
I would strongly urge us to vote 
against this political maneuvering message. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from my neighboring State of Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ), another new member of 
the committee. We have got an almost embarrassment of riches of hard-working new Members. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
glad to be here to speak one more time on Senate Joint Resolution 8. 
I will make two points again. One of 
the things we see here is we have new rules which continue a trend, and that is you are fundamentally changing the way things have been for 70 years. In the past, unions have done a good job of organizing. 
We have added union representation 
to things, but one of the things that businesses want and that America wants is consistency. One more time, after having no big problems for 70 years, we are turning things fundamen-tally around. Now, why is that bad? 
The gentlewoman from Oregon just 
said this is no big deal because busi-nesses all have lawyers on staff or whatever. 
Two comments on that: First of all, 
businesses don’t all have lawyers on staff; and, secondly, I think it shows a fundamental misunderstanding of how business works and why it is so dif-ficult to go into business today and why it particularly targets small busi-nesses when you come up with new reg-ulations. 
This would be a problem even for a 
big company that did have a lawyer on staff and say it is no big deal; but, of course, who is less likely to have a law-yer on staff? A small business who doesn’t have full-time HR representa-tives and that sort of thing. This is tar-geting those small businesses. 
Again and again and again in this 
country, one thing that bothers me is the degree to which people don’t have sympathy for small businesses. When you change things, they are the ones who have to go out, hire an outside lawyer, get up to speed on things, pay the big legal bills, and pay the price. 
That is one reason why, in certain in-
dustries, you do see, over time, big businesses continuing to grow because little businesses can’t keep up with all the little rules. 
I will remind people one more time 
that this invades employee privacy. It is something they are not asking for. There is no reason for outside groups to be able to get somebody’s home ad-dress or that sort of thing. 
In any event, I will ask the other 
people present in the room to go back home and ask, particularly their small employers, when they have to run to a lawyer—first of all, to ask their small 
employers whether or not they have a lawyer on staff because I think the vast majority of businesses in this country don’t have a lawyer on staff; and, secondly, whether they do or don’t have a lawyer on staff, if they have to go run to a lawyer, whether they think its no big deal, because I think it is an awfully big deal. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON). 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for the time. 
I would like to point out that I think 
the people who promote this piece of legislation and the people who oppose it basically take their positions for the same reason, and that is that labor unions improve wages, make better working conditions, promote job secu-rity, and give strength in numbers. 
We oppose and support this bill for 
the same reason. Some people want to see workers get more pay—we have seen stagnant wages—and some people think that when workers make more money, it just hurts corporate profit-ability—which, by the way, is up and has been increasing. 
The point is simply this: The NLRB 
does its job and modernizes union elec-tions and proposes a rule. The Repub-lican majority comes in and says, We don’t like that because that might lead to more union elections, and it may lead to more unionized workers, and we like it how it is, we like flat and de-clining wages, we want the employers to have all of the power, we want the workers to be alone and on their own and without the strength that the numbers that a union provides. It is just as simple as that. 
Americans watching this debate 
today have yet another opportunity to see who is on their side and who is not. American workers get more money and get paid better when they are in unions. 
Collective bargaining strengthens 
family budgets because it means that workers can say, Do you know what, that is unsafe; do you know what, you are making plenty of money, so should we; do you know what, we need to get some job security in a union contract around here—and that is exactly why we see the opposition to this NLRB rule. 
So it is disappointing. I think Presi-
dent Obama was right when he said the number one problem facing the United States today is income inequality. That is the concentration of riches at the top and the stagnation for wages for everybody else. 
If that is the problem, then we need 
to do something about it. That means modernizing the right to collectively bargain. 
I will say modernizing union elec-
tions is the thing that will help us achieve that equality. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.024 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1787 March 19, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ). 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member. 
It is incredible. We are in this great 
Hall of democracy. The world looks to this very building, for what it seeks is to give people a voice, what our coun-try was founded on. What we are hav-ing a vote on today is to clamp down and shut the mouths of those who are seeking to have a voice. 
Very recently, there was a poll con-
ducted that said, if given the oppor-tunity, 73 percent of American workers want to have a voice and would vote for a union, but what we are hearing today is shutting down the voice and creating predictability. This is about democracy; this is about what we in America believe in: giving everybody an equal opportunity for a voice. 
What the NLRB—and I have dealt 
with them for over 30 years. We have won some; we have lost some. They have been independent. Sometimes, I haven’t been happy with their deci-sions, but I have always felt they have been fair. 
What we are talking about is bring-
ing them into the 21st century, making a voting date that is agreeable to what real people think. You shouldn’t have to wait 6 months, 9 months, go through the appeal process. 
Let’s have a vote because, remember, 
the employer has had access—unfet-tered access—to all these employees, and all we are saying is let’s make sure that workers have a voice. If they say ‘‘no,’’ no harm, no foul, and go home. This is about creating an equal playing field, which certainly isn’t there. 
That is why I am urging my col-
leagues to vote against this anti-Amer-ican, antidemocracy, antiworker reso-lution. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. 
BOYLE ). 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. S COTT. 
One of the things that made the 20th 
century known as the American cen-tury was that the United States had the largest middle class in the history of the world—the idea that if you worked hard and played by the rules, you would get a fair wage and good benefits and that your children would be even able to do a little bit better than you have been able to do. 
It wasn’t always that way, though, in 
the United States. We can thank to a great extent some of the great ad-vances that we had in the 20th century, as far as workers’ rights, to that of or-ganized labor. Without labor unions, we would not have the strength of the middle class today. 
It is no accident that in the post- 
World War II period, when you saw av-erage incomes rise in the fifties, in the sixties, in the seventies, you saw aver-
age incomes rise for workers, sure enough, you saw the percentage of the American workforce unionized also in-crease. 
b1130 
It is also no accident that, as the per-
centage of the American unionized workforce declined, so, too, did the av-erage wages to the point at which we are today, where we have had a 20-year 
period in which middle class wages are stagnant, in which the working class has actually fallen behind, and in which—no surprise—we actually have the lowest percentage of the workforce unionized today in over 70 years. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s stand up for the 
middle class. Let’s stand up for our workers. Let us reject this antilabor, anti-union, antiworker measure, and let’s start fighting and working for those who are working for America. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Is the chair-
man prepared to close? 
Mr. KLINE. I am. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The rule that is subject to this reso-
lution creates no substantive change in the law. It just requires that an elec-tion be timely. We have heard this 11- day myth. Let me just go through a lit-tle about that myth and how you get to the 11 days. 
First of all, the regional office would 
have to issue a notice of a hearing on the same day that the union would have filed the election petition. The hearing would have to be held as soon as possible and last only one day, and the regional director would have to issue an opinion on the same day. 
Right now, it currently takes a me-
dian of 20 days for the regional director to issue a decision on the hearing, and there is no reason to believe that it would be any shorter under this rule. 
The union would have to waive all of 
its rights to get information in terms of contact lists and things like that, and the region would have to schedule the election on the very first day pos-sible. The chance that all of that is going to happen to get you down to 11 days is just very improbable. 
The administration has already indi-
cated that its senior advisers would recommend a veto of this legislation, so it is not going anywhere. 
I look forward to working with the 
chair of the committee to do what we can to create jobs and to increase wages and to create safe workplaces. I would hope that the chair and I will get together on that rather than waste time on this resolution. 
Mr. Speaker, I include for the 
R
ECORD the Statement of Administra-
tion Policy. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
S.J. RES. 8—CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF  
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD REP -
RESENTATION CASE PROCEDURES RULE  
(Sen. Alexander, R–TN and 51 cosponsors, 
Mar. 3, 2015) 
The Administration strongly opposes Sen-
ate passage of S.J. Res. 8, which would over-turn the National Labor Relations Board’s 
recently issued ‘‘representation case proce-dures’’ rule. The Board’s modest reforms will help simplify and streamline private sector union elections, thereby reducing delays be-fore workers can have a free and fair vote on whether or not to form or join a union. The rule allows for electronic filing and trans-mission of documents, ensures that all par-ties receive timely information necessary to participate in the election process, reduces delays caused by frivolous litigation, unifies procedures across the country, requires addi-tional contact information be included in voter lists, and consolidates appeals to the Board into a single process. 
Instead of seeking to undermine a stream-
lined democratic process for American work-ers to vote on whether or not they want to be represented, the Congress should join the President in strengthening protections for American workers and giving them more of a voice in the workplace and the economy. Growing and sustaining the middle class re-quires strong and vital labor unions, which helped to build this Nation’s middle class and have been critical to raising workers’ wages and putting in place worker protec-tions that we enjoy today. Giving workers greater voice can help ensure that the link is restored between hard work and opportunity and that the benefits of the current eco-nomic recovery are more broadly shared. 
The National Labor Relations Board’s rep-
resentation case procedures rule helps to level the playing field for workers so they can more freely choose to make their voice heard. In doing so, it will help us build an economy that gives greater economic oppor-tunities and security for middle-class fami-lies and those working to join the middle class. 
If the President were presented with S.J. 
Res. 8, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the Resolution. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
It is always interesting—isn’t it, Mr. 
Speaker?—to listen to the debate and to the claims that are made and to the claims that are refuted. I found it a lit-tle bit interesting in listening to some of the comments on the other side of the aisle that, apparently, this Con-gressional Review Act S.J. Res. 8 ac-tion and all of those who support it are anti-union, antilabor, antiworker, and—I was a little shocked to hear— even anti-American. 
I am not called ‘‘anti-American’’ 
very often, Mr. Speaker, and I do re-sent it a little bit, but that is the way this debate kind of goes. Let’s get a couple of things, I think, straight. I know that everybody can have his opinion and not the facts, but there are some things that, I think, are pretty clear. 
According to the National Labor Re-
lations Board, itself, more than 94 per-cent of elections occur in less than 56 days, which is less than 2 months, Mr. Speaker, and the median time is only 38 days. Unions, Mr. Speaker, win over 60 percent of those elections, so there is a voice for union organizers, for workers, and for employers, because there is time. There is not a rush. 
Now, we just heard some discussion 
about whether 11 days is probable—we all agree, I think, it is possible—or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.025 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1788 March 19, 2015 
maybe it would be 12 or 13 or some-
thing like that, but it is not in ques-tion that you only have 7 days under this rule. This is the rule, by the way. This is the rule that we are talking about. The law that is affected is many times thicker than this. 
My colleague from Wisconsin talked 
about whether or not you have a labor lawyer on staff. Certainly, if you are a small- or middle-sized company, you don’t. You can’t afford that. So you have 7 days to go out and find a lawyer who can help you comply with this rule and with the law, the much thicker law. You have 7 days to get your posi-tion down in writing, and then you are stuck with it. Then you could have the election 4 days later. That is not an op-portunity for informed discussion, de-bate for either the workers or for the employers. 
This is called an ‘‘ambush’’ election 
because it is, indeed, an ambush. We heard one of the speakers talk about: Would you rather have somebody have your email address or your home ad-dress? Under this rule, you get it all. Mr. Speaker, clearly, there are many instances of intimidation during these exercises, and often that intimidation comes from union organizers, not from your fellow workers usually but from outside union organizers, who are try-ing to push this onto the workforce. 
So I am very pleased to be supporting 
S.J. Res. 8, which is to provide congres-sional disapproval. I am not surprised, as I mentioned earlier, that the Obama administration supports the Obama National Labor Relations Board’s posi-tion here, but it doesn’t mean it is right, and it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t be standing up for the voices that we have heard about—for employers and employees—so that they can make in-formed decisions. 
The NLRB’s rule, Mr. Speaker, stifles 
the right of employers to speak to their employees during an organizing campaign. It also cripples the right of workers to have the information they need to make a very important deci-sion about whether or not to join a union or even that union. That is a big decision, and it shouldn’t be jammed into 11 days or 2 weeks. You need the time to be informed in order to make such a decision. 
A ‘‘yes’’ vote on the resolution will 
help rein in this activist National Labor Relations Board, and it will en-sure workers, employers, and unions can participate in a fair union election process. I urge my colleagues to sup-port S.J. Res. 8. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 152, 
the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. 
The question is on the third reading 
of the joint resolution. 
The joint resolution was ordered to 
be read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the joint resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the joint res-olution will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 186, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 128] 
YEAS—232 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—186 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Garamendi 
Gosar Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Hinojosa 
Jordan Labrador Payne Roskam Schock 
Scott, Austin Smith (WA) Young (IN) 
b1208 
Mr. CLYBURN changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. STUTZMAN changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.027 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1789 March 19, 2015 
agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of 
the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 159, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 39, as follows: 
[Roll No. 129] 
AYES—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Beatty Becerra Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Fleischmann Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (LA) Green, Al Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hardy Harper Heck (WA) Hensarling Hill Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Pelosi Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Rangel Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tonko Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—159 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Bass Benishek Bera Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chaffetz Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Cummings DeFazio DeGette Denham Dent DeSantis Dold Duckworth Duffy Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Fudge Garrett Gibson Gowdy Green, Gene Griffith Hartzler Hastings 
Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Keating Kelly (IL) Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Love Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Nolan Norcross Palazzo 
Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Sewell (AL) Shuster Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—39 
Barton Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Crawford Davis, Rodney Doggett Fincher Garamendi Gibbs Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grijalva 
Hanna Harris Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Jordan Labrador Larsen (WA) Lee Lummis Marchant O’Rourke Pascrell Payne 
Perlmutter Perry Quigley Roskam Schock Scott, Austin Scott, David Sires Smith (WA) Walberg Wilson (FL) Young (IN) 
b1215 
So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 976 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 976. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO 
DECLARE A RECESS ON WEDNES-DAY, MARCH 25, 2015, FOR THE PURPOSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING HIS EXCEL-LENCY MOHAMMAD ASHRAF GHANI, PRESIDENT OF THE IS-LAMIC REPUBLIC OF AFGHANI-STAN 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, March 25, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excel-lency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ). Is there objection to the 
request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON 
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Tuesday, March 24, 2015, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 25, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE EXPENSES 
OF CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES IN THE 114TH CONGRESS 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 152, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 132) providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Represent-atives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 152, the amendment printed in House Report 114–45 is adopted, and the resolution, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the resolution, as amend-
ed, is as follows: 
H. R ES. 132 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. COMMITTEE EXPENSES FOR THE ONE 
HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With respect to the One 
Hundred Fourteenth Congress, there shall be paid out of the applicable accounts of the House of Representatives, in accordance with this primary expense resolution, not more than the amount specified in subsection (b) for the expenses (including the expenses of all staff salaries) of each committee named in such subsection. 
(b) C
OMMITTEES AND AMOUNTS .—The com-
mittees and amounts referred to in sub-section (a) are: Committee on Agriculture, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.030 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1790 March 19, 2015 
$10,173,096; Committee on Armed Services, 
$14,208,340; Committee on the Budget, $10,380,424; Committee on Education and the Workforce, $14,044,580; Committee on Energy and Commerce, $19,531,442; Committee on Ethics, $6,201,326; Committee on Financial Services, $15,086,852; Committee on Foreign Affairs, $14,923,986; Committee on Homeland Security, $14,407,846; Committee on House Administration, $9,293,130; Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, $9,197,310; Com-mittee on the Judiciary, $14,395,572; Com-mittee on Natural Resources, $13,422,774; Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, $18,059,682; Committee on Rules, $5,846,964; Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, $10,671,164; Committee on Small Business, $6,045,228; Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, $16,728,260; Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, $6,958,062; and Committee on Ways and Means, $17,515,290. 
SEC. 2. FIRST SESSION LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount provided 
for in section 1 for each committee named in subsection (b), not more than the amount specified in such subsection shall be avail-able for expenses incurred during the period beginning at noon on January 3, 2015, and ending immediately before noon on January 3, 2016. 
(b) C
OMMITTEES AND AMOUNTS .—The com-
mittees and amounts referred to in sub-section (a) are: Committee on Agriculture, $5,086,548; Committee on Armed Services, $7,104,170; Committee on the Budget, $5,190,212; Committee on Education and the Workforce, $7,022,290; Committee on Energy and Commerce, $9,765,721; Committee on Eth-ics, $3,100,663; Committee on Financial Serv-ices, $7,543,426; Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, $7,461,993; Committee on Homeland Se-curity, $7,203,923; Committee on House Ad-ministration, $4,646,565; Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, $4,598,655; Com-mittee on the Judiciary, $7,197,786; Com-mittee on Natural Resources, $6,711,387; Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, $9,029,841; Committee on Rules, $2,960,982; Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, $5,335,582; Committee on Small Business, $3,022,614; Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, $8,364,130; Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, $3,479,031; and Committee on Ways and Means, $8,757,645. 
SEC. 3. SECOND SESSION LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount provided 
for in section 1 for each committee named in subsection (b), not more than the amount specified in such subsection shall be avail-able for expenses incurred during the period beginning at noon on January 3, 2016, and ending immediately before noon on January 3, 2017. 
(b) C
OMMITTEES AND AMOUNTS .—The com-
mittees and amounts referred to in sub-section (a) are: Committee on Agriculture, $5,086,548; Committee on Armed Services, $7,104,170; Committee on the Budget, $5,190,212; Committee on Education and the Workforce, $7,022,290; Committee on Energy and Commerce, $9,765,721; Committee on Eth-ics, $3,100,663; Committee on Financial Serv-ices, $7,543,426; Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, $7,461,993; Committee on Homeland Se-curity, $7,203,923; Committee on House Ad-ministration, $4,646,565; Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, $4,598,655; Com-mittee on the Judiciary, $7,197,786; Com-mittee on Natural Resources, $6,711,387; Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, $9,029,841; Committee on Rules, $2,885,982; Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, $5,335,582; Committee on Small Business, $3,022,614; Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, $8,364,130; Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, $3,479,031; and Committee on Ways and Means, $8,757,645. (c) R
EVIEW OF USE OF FUNDS IN FIRST SES-
SION.— 
(1) R EVIEW .—None of the amounts provided 
for in section 1 for a committee named in subsection (b) may be available for expenses of the committee after March 15, 2016, unless the chair or ranking minority member of the committee appears and presents testimony at a hearing of the Committee on House Ad-ministration held prior to such date to re-view the committee’s use of the amounts provided for in section 1 during the first ses-sion of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress and to determine whether the amount specified in subsection (b) with respect to the committee should be updated on the basis of the review. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Committee on House Ad-
ministration may waive the application of paragraph (1) to any or all of the committees named in subsection (b). 
SEC. 4. VOUCHERS. 
Payments under this resolution shall be 
made on vouchers authorized by the com-mittee involved, signed by the chairman of such committee, and approved in the manner directed by the Committee on House Admin-istration. 
SEC. 5. REGULATIONS. 
Amounts made available under this resolu-
tion shall be expended in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Committee on House Administration. 
SEC. 6. RESERVE FUND FOR UNANTICIPATED EX-
PENSES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-
tablished a reserve fund for unanticipated expenses of committees for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
(b) A
MOUNT .—The reserve fund under this 
section shall have a balance of $1,000,000, of which— 
(1) $500,000 shall be available for unantici-
pated expenses incurred during the period be-ginning at noon on January 3, 2015, and end-ing immediately before noon on January 3, 2016; and 
(2) $500,000 shall be available for unantici-
pated expenses incurred during the period be-ginning at noon on January 3, 2016, and end-ing immediately before noon on January 3, 2017. 
(c) A
LLOCATION TO COMMITTEES .—Amounts 
in the reserve fund under this section shall be paid to a committee pursuant to an allo-cation approved by the Committee on House Administration. 
SEC. 7. ADJUSTMENT AUTHORITY. 
The Committee on House Administration 
shall have authority to make adjustments in amounts under section 1, if necessary to comply with an order of the President issued under section 251A or 254 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or to conform to any change in appro-priations for the purposes of such section 1. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M IL-
LER) and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. B RADY ) each will control 30 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 132. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. 
Res. 132, which is a resolution setting the funding levels for each House com-mittee. 
Every Congress, it is the responsi-
bility of the Committee on House Ad-ministration to establish funding levels for committees in the House so that they may budget appropriately and prepare their oversight and operational responsibilities for the rest of Congress with a full knowledge of the resources available. 
The Committee on House Adminis-
tration started the consideration proc-ess out of this committee funding reso-lution by holding hearings to receive input from the chair and ranking mem-bers of each of our House committees. These were very productive, very in-formative hearings, and I am certain that my partner in this effort, the ranking member of our committee, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, certainly will 
share that belief. Each chair and rank-ing member worked together in the de-velopment of their committee’s budget requests and in their advocacy for those requests before our committee. It was a true example of bipartisanship. 
This funding resolution that is a 
product of the information developed by our hearings is also a bipartisan product, which was favorably reported out of our committee by unanimous voice vote. I am very pleased that each committee reaffirmed their commit-ment to uphold the equitable two- thirds/one-third allocation between the majority and the minority sides. 
The Committee on House Adminis-
tration has taken really great care, Mr. Speaker, in examining the funding lev-els authorized for each committee in this resolution so that the priorities of the House and the priorities of the American people are put front and cen-ter. 
I think it is important to note that, 
over the past few Congresses, the House has not only asked for fiscal re-sponsibility across the Federal Govern-ment, but has led by example in show-ing fiscal responsibility by making re-ductions in our own budgets, both in individual Member office budgets as well as the committee budgets. 
Since the 110th Congress, for exam-
ple, Mr. Speaker, the House has had ac-tually a 15 percent reduction in our committee budgets. At the same time, our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol did not actually reduce the funding for their committees other than what was mandated by ‘‘seques-tration.’’ In fact, the other body actu-ally increased their committee spend-ing while the House was reducing spending, until making some modest reductions in the committee budgets recently at the start of the 114th. I just point that out. We were leading by ex-ample here. 
Additionally, the Executive Office 
actually had a 30 percent increase in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.014 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1791 March 19, 2015 
their spending since 2008, and, given 
that it is the role of the Congress to conduct effective and needed oversight over the entire executive and judicial branches, I think it is very vital that we make certain that our committees have the resources they need to meet this important duty. 
So that brings us here today, Mr. 
Speaker, to the consideration of House Resolution 152. 
After hearing from each chair and 
each ranking member, the committee was able, really, to better ascertain the needs of each committee and to ensure that they did have adequate and proper funding. Many committees, including the Committee on House Administra-tion, received no increase in funding in this resolution from what we were allo-cated in the 113th Congress. Many com-mittees received flat funding. Because of the increased oversight or legisla-tive priorities, other committees re-quired a very modest or targeted in-crease in their resources. 
The overall proposed increase in au-
thorized funding for the committees is 1.63 percent for 2015 and 1.57 percent for 2016. Again, though, there are about half of the committees that received no increase in funding, got level funding. 
The committee funding resolution 
also takes into account that there might be unforeseen circumstances that will pop up during the course of this Congress that might require some additional resources. For instance, in the case of the Judiciary Committee, it was testified by the chair and the rank-ing member that there is a possibility of a judicial impeachment proceeding. They may have to conduct that; they may not. So to prepare for that kind of unanticipated need, the Committee on House Administration has actually al-located $500,000 for each session in the 114th into a reserve fund which could be allocated for something like that or, if there is another committee that demonstrates a real need for it, an emerging priority that perhaps they couldn’t see at this point in time. 
I just think that that is a very fis-
cally prudent way to budget, not just giving money on the ‘‘if come,’’ but if we really do see that we need it, of course then we can protect that money; if we don’t need to spend it, it won’t be spent. 
Before authorizing any increase in 
funding, the Committee on House Ad-ministration really dove into why the increase was needed, such as a specific new priority, emerging challenges that some of our committees will face this Congress. Some of the committees re-quested additional funds for urgent equipment needs. 
Part of our responsibilities, of 
course, are to ensure smooth oper-ations of this institution, because a breakdown of equipment that we rely on every day to assist with the daily function of the House may lead to pro-ceedings being severely delayed or halted, and we thought that was an un-acceptable possibility. So, as an exam-ple, some of the equipment that, as I 
say, that some of the committees are looking for, we wanted to make sure we had resources there. 
Another example is the need for addi-
tional specialized staff members to as-sist in the oversight functions that the committee is charged with. For in-stance, the Armed Services Committee, a good example, had great needs for ad-ditional staff to help with conducting vigorous oversight in the pursuit of major overdue reforms at the Pentagon which could save the Nation, literally, tens of billions of dollars. We thought that was a fiscally prudent use of addi-tional resources. 
The Veterans’ Affairs Committee has 
immense new challenges in conducting their oversight needed to get to the bottom of the scandalous treatment of our veterans at the VA hospitals across the Nation. Again, we thought that that was an appropriate expenditure as we ensure that those who have served the cause of freedom get the care and the benefits that they have earned. Again, not only do we believe that it is a prudent use of additional resources, but an imperative duty. 
Other committees have expressed a 
desire for more field hearings across the country, and our committee was very supportive of this because we real-ly believe that getting out of Wash-ington, if you will, and conducting these field hearings, talking to the American people, really allowing Mem-bers and committees to gather first-hand knowledge of how the Federal programs are functioning and their im-pact on our Nation, was a very impor-tant thing. 
So I would say this. I think it is im-
portant to note that, while there is a very small overall increase in author-ized committee spending, this funding resolution does not require any new spending, does not require any new spending within the House’s overall budget. This funding resolution only redirects already appropriated re-sources to new priorities. 
In summary, Mr. Speaker, we are 
proposing modest, targeted increases to meet the House committees’ over-sight and operational needs, and I would hope that each Member of the House will concur with the priorities that we have set forth in this funding resolution to allow each of our com-mittees to continue with their impor-tant work. 
Producing this resolution, I think, 
was important work for our com-mittee, and I certainly want to thank all of our members, both Republican and Democrat, particularly the distin-guished ranking member, Mr. B
RADY  
from Pennsylvania, for his cooperation, their participation in the process, and the ideas that everybody brought to the table that helped produce this reso-lution that we bring to the full House today, which I will note as well, Mr. Speaker, was passed out of our com-mittee unanimously. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. 
Res. 132. 
After several days of testimony by 
committee chairs and ranking mem-bers and careful review by the Com-mittee on House Administration, we determined what we believe to be ap-propriate committee funding levels for the 114th Congress. 
I want to thank Chairman M
ILLER  
and her staff for their diligence throughout this process. We have worked closely and cooperatively. While we would have liked to have done more, I believe that these levels will allow committees to perform their oversight responsibilities. It is my hope that we continue to explore ways to ensure congressional committees are equipped with the proper amount of resources needed to operate fully, while still maximizing the value of their committee funding. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this resolu-
tion, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would add that, for the 114th Con-
gress—and I think this is a very impor-tant point, actually—the House re-mained below the amount authorized back in 2008. We are below the amount authorized in 2008. So the House has been making significant strides to take a very hard look at the way that we utilize our individual budgets, both in our Member offices as well as in our committees, and we are absolutely committed to being fiscally responsible stewards of the taxpayer dollar. 
This funding resolution highlights 
those priorities to remain guardians of the taxpayer dollar, and as such, each committee must operate responsibly, using their budget to set priorities to carry out their important work. 
Even after the adoption of the resolu-
tion, the Committee on House Admin-istration will continue to work with each committee to assist them in find-ing solutions which deliver savings and allow every committee to stretch the valuable resources allocated so that they can continue to carry out their important duties. 
At the Committee on House adminis-
tration, we understand, Mr. Speaker, that it is our responsibility to ensure that the House operates in a fiscally responsible manner, an effective and efficient manner, and that is a respon-sibility that we take very, very seri-ously. I believe strongly that we have found the appropriate balance in fund-ing this resolution that will keep in place fiscal responsibility and, at the same time, ensure that the important work of the House is carried out. 
Mr. Speaker, I would mention to the 
ranking member that I don’t think I have any other speakers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.033 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1792 March 19, 2015 
b1230 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to take this opportunity to 
thank the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ). It is no secret that she 
won’t be returning in the next Con-gress, but this will be the last time that I will be with her managing the committees’ funding. 
I know she is here 21 months more, 
but I want her to know that every chance I get, with this microphone, I will thank her. 
She is, without question, one of the 
classiest ladies I know in this House. She is fair. I enjoy going to the com-mittee meetings. We smile and we shake hands before the meeting, and we smile and we shake hands after the meeting. She is a pleasure to work with. I wish her well. And again, for the next 21 months, any chance I get, I just hope that I do have the oppor-tunity to keep on thanking her. 
I only hope that this House will take 
note of the way our committee works. We work together. We compromise to-gether. And because of that, things get done. 
So, again, I wish her well, and I will 
have more opportunity to wish her well. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge a 
‘‘yes’’ vote on the resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, let me just sincerely, sin-cerely thank the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. B
RADY ), my ranking 
member. 
If I am going to miss anything in this 
House, it is the great friendships that I have made with many people, both Re-publicans and Democrats. Certainly he has been right at the top of the list. He has been nothing but professional in our committee deliberations, in the way that we handle all of these dif-ferent challenges that come before our committee. 
I do think it is a very good thing that 
he points out that our committee does operate in a very bipartisan way. We are all about making sure that this in-stitution is able to do what the Amer-ican people expect from us, and we both share that passion. So I look for-ward to working with him for another year and a half here. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member to 
support the passage of this resolution so that each committee can plan appro-priately with the full knowledge of their available resources. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 152, 
the previous question is ordered on the resolution, as amended. 
The resolution, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. A TRIBUTE TO RUTH ELLEN 
DAILEY HELM 
(Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Ruth Ellen Dailey Helm, who passed away at the age of 98 recently in Tucson. 
Ruth was a pilot during World War 
II, one of the first female pilots to serve in our military and a trailblazer. 
Unlike many of the male pilots who 
served at the time, Ruth was qualified to fly multiple aircraft as a member of the Women Airforce Service Pilots, or WASPs; and she ferried bomber, trans-port, and pursuit aircraft all over the country during World War II. 
She was inducted into the Arizona 
Aviation Hall of Fame in 1999 and awarded the Congressional Gold Medal with her WASP colleagues in 2010. 
In addition to serving our country, 
Ruth and the WASPs were pioneers who inspired an entire generation of women to pursue their dreams of serv-ing as pilots in our military, and that includes me. 
When I was going through the chal-
lenges of becoming a fighter pilot in the first wave, there were no mentors in front of us to see us through. But when I needed encouragement or when I wanted to quit, Ruth and her fellow WASPs, starting 20 years ago, would be there for me, to inspire me and to en-courage me and to give me what I need-ed to fight for another day. 
They were more than role models 
who broke down gender barriers to serve in our military. They were my personal wingmen—or wingwomen, and I will be forever grateful to Ruth and all the WASP women for paving the way for me, for serving as my friends and my mentors, and for proving that women could be exceptional pilots too. 
f 
SAN DIEGO REGIONAL CLIMATE 
COLLABORATIVE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the San Diego Re-gional Climate Collaborative, which re-cently won the United States Environ-mental Protection Agency’s Climate Leadership Award for Innovative Part-nerships. This award recognizes organi-zations across the country working on cutting-edge climate initiatives that address greenhouse gas reduction goals, adaptation, and resilience. 
As a member-based network that 
supports public agencies in the San Diego region, the Climate Collabo-rative works to advance comprehensive solutions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and prepare our region for climate impacts. 
In San Diego, climate change is not a 
partisan issue. While there is debate in Congress about the science of climate change, there is not debate amongst 
scientists. 
As I see every day, San Diegans 
aren’t waiting for Washington to act to address climate change. The collabo-rative has built partnerships with busi-ness, academia, nonprofits, and philan-thropic entities to share expertise, le-verage resources, and advance actions that benefit San Diego’s communities, economy, and natural resources. 
The San Diego Regional Climate Col-
laborative serves as a model for other regions as we seek to address the harm-ful effects of climate change as a na-tion and as a planet. I congratulate them. 
f 
GENDER EQUALITY AT ABBOTT 
LABORATORIES 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the 10th District’s very own Abbott Laboratories in North Chicago and their commitment to gender equal-ity. 
The National Association for Female 
Executives recently released their list of the top 50 companies for executive women. For the sixth consecutive year, Abbott Laboratories placed in the top 10. The association recognized Abbott 
for their commitment to promoting and empowering women. 
I am extremely proud of Abbott’s 
commitment and accomplishments. But it is also a sign, Mr. Speaker, of how much progress we still have to make as a country. We must continue to ensure that our young women have all the same opportunities available to them as young men. We must be sure that women are not at a disadvantage simply due to their gender. It is our duty not just as Members of this House but also as human beings to ensure that women and men are equals in the workplace, and increasing the number of female executives is crucial to that goal. 
Mr. Speaker, companies like Abbott 
have made tremendous strides, but there is still work to be done. I applaud their example and urge others to fol-low. 
f 
NATIONAL AGRICULTURE WEEK 
(Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise during National Agriculture Week, with yesterday being National Agriculture Day, to recognize the con-tributions of farmers, ranchers, and producers to our economy and well- being. 
Agriculture supports one in four Ne-
braska jobs and contributes more than $23 billion to our State’s economy. I am very proud to represent Nebraska’s Third District, now the number one ag-riculture district in the Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.035 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1793 March 19, 2015 
Our global economy presents great 
opportunity. Ninety-five percent of the world’s consumers live outside the United States, and they all need to eat. As a result, we are seeing growing de-mand for Nebraska’s agriculture prod-ucts. Our State’s beef exports reached a record high, $1 billion in sales, in 2014. 
The efficiency and forward thinking 
of our ag producers is making it pos-sible to meet demand with fewer inputs and less waste. 
As founder and cochairman of the 
Modern Agriculture Caucus, I am com-mitted to promoting scientifically based innovation and policies. 
On this National Agriculture Day 
and Agriculture Week, please join me in thanking the many producers work-ing tirelessly to support our economy and help feed the world. 
f 
BOSMA ENTERPRISES AND 
ABILITYONE 
(Mr. ROKITA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to an exemplary partnership between the AbilityOne Program, an extraordinary initiative that helps people with disabilities, and Indiana’s own Bosma Enterprises. 
For the past 25 years of Bosma’s 100 
years in business, their partnership with AbilityOne has helped disabled Hoosiers achieve a greater level of independence and enabled many to gain employment in good-paying jobs. 
Nearly 60 percent of all employees 
there are blind or suffer some degree of visual impairment. One such man is Don Green. Don is totally blind and found it very difficult to reenter the job market. About to give up after al-most 200 job rejections, Don applied to Bosma, which, because of its contracts through AbilityOne, was able to hire him as a material handler. Just 6 years later, Mr. Speaker, Don is a production supervisor, managing 40 people. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize 
the work that Bosma Enterprises is doing in partnership with the AbilityOne Program. They open doors of opportunity and help make the State of Indiana, my beloved State, a better place to live each and every day. 
f 
THE AMERICAN PATENT SYSTEM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield to my friend from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND SEXUAL ABUSE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak about important issues that face our society, domestic vio-lence and sexual abuse. As a former Federal prosecutor for 
the last two decades, I witnessed how violence affects people of all ages, races, religions, and socioeconomic conditions. Domestic violence does not discriminate. 
Our country has a moral obligation 
to stand up against those who exploit their power to commit violence against men, women, and children. 
In an effort to raise awareness and to 
put an end to domestic violence and sexual abuse, my district will be kick-ing off the White Ribbon Campaign. The White Ribbon Campaign is one of the largest efforts in the world of peo-ple working together to prevent and end domestic violence and sexual as-sault against women, men, and chil-dren. The White Ribbon Campaign will begin this Friday, March 20, and run through March 29. 
Vera House of Syracuse, New York, is 
spearheading the local effort in my dis-trict. Vera House is a comprehensive domestic and sexual violence service agency that provides shelter, advocacy, and counseling services for women, children, and men. They also provide education and prevention programs and community coordination. 
Vera House will be providing white 
ribbons, such as the one on my lapel here, and white wrist bands, such as the white one on my wrist here today, in an effort to build awareness and put a stop to domestic violence and sexual abuse. 
From March 20 to March 29, thou-
sands of my constituents in central New York will be wearing a white rib-bon or a white wristband to raise awareness about domestic violence and sexual abuse. 
I encourage my House colleagues to 
join me and New York’s 24th Congres-sional District in wearing a white rib-bon to put a spotlight on this very im-portant issue. Wearing the white rib-bon demonstrates a personal pledge to never commit, condone, or remain si-lent about violence against men, women, or children. 
I hope my country can join me today 
to support survivors of abuse while pro-viding alternatives to this destructive cycle. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
hope everyone paid attention to that wonderful idea that has just been given to us. 
These Special Orders play a role here 
in that we permit ourselves the oppor-tunity to hear from people for a little bit more than 1 minute to talk about issues that are significant and who would like to bring them to the atten-tion of the American people and, of course, to their colleagues here in Con-gress. 
Today I intend to bring the attention 
of the American people and my col-leagues to a threat to the well-being of the American people, a major threat that has gone unrecognized and could well change our way of life and change the way of life for our children and de-stroy one of the basic rights that were written into our Constitution in order 
to protect the prosperity and security of our country. 
I am talking about the changes that 
are being proposed in our fundamental technology law, in our patent system. And I know that sounds very boring to most people. But the fact is, without a strong patent system, the American people would be at the mercy of both competitors, in terms of their labor overseas, but also in terms of the vi-cious and totalitarian elements in other countries that might want to do us harm. 
b1245 
It is our ability to produce the tech-
nology that America needs in order to make our people competitive and to produce the wealth that is necessary for a decent standard of living that has made America the great country that it is. We are a great country not be-cause we have very powerful and wealthy interests here in the United States, which we do. We are a great country because ordinary people are permitted to live decent lives and be-cause our country has not been chal-lenged throughout its history over and over again and had to waste all of our resources and all of our wealth on vast amounts of armaments and drafting all of our people into the military and having a militarized society in order to have us safe from a foreign threat. No. What we have done is we have been able to produce wealth dramatically in our country and had our workers’ being competitive with labor from around the world because we have been techno-logically superior. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a threat to that 
technology superiority, an incredible threat that is being foisted off on the Congress and the American people. I am here to alert my fellow Members of Congress to this threat. 
One needs only to see how important 
the technology element of our society has been right here in the United States Congress. There is a statue here in the Capitol to Philo Farnsworth. Now, who the heck knows who Philo Farnsworth was? Well, not many. But there is a statue to him here because he represents a very significant part of the American story. 
Philo Farnsworth was a farmer in 
Utah, a man who was educated in engi-neering, but a man who had very little resources. He set out in between farm-ing to try to find and discover a tech-
nological secret that had perplexed some of the most powerful and finan-cial interests in our country. 
RCA, at that time under a man 
named David Sarnoff, was America’s premier technology company, a com-pany that had vast resources and was deeply involved in trying to find out how to invent a picture tube, how we would have a tube that showed images rather than just radio waves that had voice on them. This was a huge chal-lenge and a historic challenge. RCA pumped millions of dollars of research into this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.037 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1794 March 19, 2015 
The one who discovered this secret 
was Philo Farnsworth, an independent inventor, a man who was a farmer in Utah. He discovered the secret and then wrote to RCA very naively believ-ing that this big corporation would honor his discovery and permit him to have the benefit—or at least a benefit— from this discovery. 
Yes, then RCA sent Philo Farnsworth 
a representative from their labora-tories. When he described what he had found, the scientist from RCA went away saying, ‘‘We will be in touch,’’ and never got in touch. The next thing that Philo knew was that there was an announcement that RCA had made a major breakthrough in discovery—only it was exactly the discovery that Philo Farnsworth had made and had trans-mitted the information to RCA. 
This became one of the great jury 
and great legal battles of the early 20th century. Philo Farnsworth, an indi-vidual person, was up against the most powerful American corporation of the day, RCA, and had one of the strongest and toughest leaders of that corpora-tion, David Sarnoff, who vowed not to give him a penny and not to recognize him because it was RCA that actually came up with this. 
Philo Farnsworth was able to mobi-
lize support behind his claim. He was able to have people invest in his law-suits, and slowly but surely they made their way through our court system all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States. God bless the United States of America. A single man, a poor, individual farmer who had come up with an important technology se-cret had his rights respected by our Su-preme Court over the power and influ-ence of America’s most powerful cor-poration of the day, RCA. 
Philo Farnsworth was recognized as 
the inventor, the inventor of the pic-ture tube which has transformed our country and transformed the world. All the picture tubes you see, and now the screens that we see on our computers, can be traced back to the discovery of this one individual, Philo Farnsworth, and the tragedy that his life was be-cause, over the years, he lived a very poor life. He was constantly in strug-gle. He had very little resources. By the time he won the Supreme Court case, it was late in his life, and he did not benefit, as he should have greatly, from that. 
We have a statue to this wonderful 
American, a man who stands for what America stands for, using technology to benefit the people, not just to enrich huge corporate interests. Indeed, Philo Farnsworth has a statue here in the Capitol. But you will never see a statue to David Sarnoff of RCA. That shows you where the heart and soul of Amer-ica is. 
The fact that we had a Supreme 
Court that decided for the little guy rather than the huge, powerful cor-poration showed what kind of country we have. That is what makes America great. That is what has created the new technologies that have uplifted our 
people and made sure that our people were competitive and, thus, had high standards of living and that we were secure from foreign threats because we were technologically superior to those foreign threats. 
This is what has made America 
great, and today it is in jeopardy. The technological edge of our country will be robbed from us by multinational corporations who are powerful and are shifting issues through the Congress that will greatly diminish the patent protection of the American people. Had these same changes in the law that these multinational corporations would now foist upon us been the law in the days of Philo Farnsworth, we would have no picture tube. We would never have had a Philo Farnsworth. We would never have had the recognition of the creative genius of the American people. Instead, we would have had the powerful, rich, multinational corpora-tions running roughshod over Amer-ica’s creative genius. 
No. We have that threat today, and I 
would ask people to pay close attention to what is happening here on the floor of House in the next few months. What has happened is we have to understand that patent protection of the American people is something that was written into our Constitution. It is part of the heart and soul of our country. 
Benjamin Franklin is well-known as 
the man who discovered electricity, but he was also one of the great Found-ers of our Declaration of Independence and, yes, one of the people who au-thored our Constitution—Benjamin Franklin, the great technology hero, the hero of liberty and just for all. 
If you go to Monticello and visit 
Thomas Jefferson’s home, it is filled with inventions, small inventions. Thomas Jefferson knew that we were not going to rely on Big Government, we couldn’t rely on big corporate inter-ests and rich people, but we would rely on the genius of the American people through technology. Freedom and tech-nology are the two things that would uplift ordinary Americans. Those things are now at stake. They are now in danger. 
We, in fact, are now facing basic 
changes to the concept of intellectual property rights, and especially the rights of our inventors, and it is being foisted upon this body in what I would say is a very deceitful manner by pow-erful interest groups from the outside. But remember, with the protection that we have had, America has had the inventions. We have uplifted the stand-ard of living of the ordinary American. 
We built the reaper, which permitted 
us to harvest huge crops of food so that Americans were well-fed, and we be-came the breadbasket of the world; the cotton gin which made sure that people had clothing. There was a Black Amer-ican who invented the machine that permitted the mass production of shoes. The mass production of shoes was permitted because a Black Amer-ican whose other rights were not pro-
tected, his rights to own the intellec-tual property, the inventions, the pat-ent rights to his invention, were re-spected. Because of that, all Americans ended up with being able to have more than just one pair of shoes. Before this man invented his invention of how to mass produce shoes, ordinary people had one pair of shoes and that was it. That was it. When they wore out, your feet wore out. 
We had things like the electric light 
that we know that Thomas Edison was so involved with; telephones, Alexander Graham Bell. All the major inventions that we have were invented by Amer-ican genius, not of very powerful cor-porations, but of the American genius of the American people. 
What we have always had, however, 
is a situation where big guys did try to steal the creativity of the little guy, but in our country, they couldn’t get away with it. In our country, the Philo Farnsworths knew that they would be protected if they created something that uplifted their fellow man. So Americans and American genius was put to work as never before in any country’s history to make sure ordi-nary people, and especially our work-ing people in our factories and our companies, could be competitive with those factories and companies and the workers overseas. 
Our people don’t work harder than 
the people overseas. That is not what made us a great country. The fact is people work really hard all over the world, especially in Third World coun-tries where people live in utter pov-erty. They work really hard. But it is the technology that is put into play, the technology put into play with that hard work and the profit motive for in-vesting in that technology and cre-ating that technology, that is what has made the difference in an American people that are well-fed, American peo-ple with great opportunities, American people who can be proud that they have a decent standard of living and are able to make decisions for themselves and their families, not just live in the ab-ject poverty that existed for so long in so much of the world. 
No, it wasn’t just our hard work. It 
wasn’t just our natural resources. It was a Constitution that wrote into it the rights of every individual citizen. And paramount to those rights, even before the Bill of Rights in our Con-stitution, is a provision that guaran-tees that our inventors and our writers will be given the right to own, to con-trol their invention or their book for a given period of time and profit from it. 
Traditionally, our inventors have had 
ownership rights to what they have in-vented for 17 years of protection. Dur-ing that 17 years, they would own it, and when they applied for a patent, once that patent was issued, they would have 17 years to control what they had invented. Also, until that pat-ent was issued, it has always been, in the United States, kept totally secret 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.038 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1795 March 19, 2015 
what that invention is until the inven-
tor has been actually granted the rights to own that invention. 
Well, these things have led directly 
to a genius, a surge of genius in our borders that reflected the fact that our people had freedom and technology available to them. So these are things that we have taken for granted because this is what America is all about. 
But today, powerful multinational 
corporations, especially in the elec-tronics industry, are trying to destroy America’s patent system. My col-leagues should now understand this, and the American people should under-stand this and be talking to their Mem-ber of Congress and their Senators, be-cause if they succeed in undermining our patent system and destroying the rights of the little guy to own what he has created and give the big guys the power to steal from the little guys, we will see a difference in our country. Within a generation, we will no longer have these advantages that I just spoke about. What we have today is an effort by the big guys to change the rules so they can get away with stealing from the little guys. 
Now, obviously, people aren’t going 
to come out and just say: ‘‘Please let’s vote for a bill that is going to break down the patent system so that big, multinational corporations can steal from American inventors.’’ Of course they are not going to say that. So what do they say? Well, let me put it this way. 25 years ago when I first noticed— this fight has been going on the entire time that I have been in Congress. 
I noticed that what had happened 
was that some big corporations were trying to put into the GATT implemen-tation—GATT is a trade treaty. They were trying to put into that trade trea-ty’s implementation language a bill that had to go through Congress, changes in our patent system that weren’t even required by the treaty. I will get into what they were doing if you really want to see how heinous and sinister this is. 
What were those changes 25 years ago 
that these big corporations wanted to make? Number one was saying that, yes, when you apply for your patent, 20 years after you apply for it, you really have no patent rights after that at all, even if it takes 15 years to get your patent. 
b1300 
The American system was the clock 
starts ticking when you get your pat-ent, 17 years of protection. These big guys were trying to give our American inventors maybe no protection. After 20 years, they had nothing. 
But everybody would know about it 
because the second provision they were trying to foist off on us was that after 18 months, if a patent had been applied for, after 18 months, even if the patent had not been granted, they were going to publish the patent application, so that every thief in the world would have heard all of the secrets of every American inventor. They called it the Patent Application 
Publication Act, they were so blatant about it. After we fingered it and drew America’s attention to it, they changed the name, of course. 
Then it became an issue of not trying 
to disclose patents or patent applica-tions, not trying to limit the amount of ownership that our patent people had; it became, instead, a battle against the ‘‘submarine patentors.’’ That is what they called it. 
That was the bogeyman that was cre-
ated that day in order to get people here to vote in a way that would de-stroy the patent rights of the Amer-ican people, the patent rights that I just outlined. 
Both of those were going to be elimi-
nated. You are going to have, instead of no disclosure, you will have full dis-closure of your patent application, even before you are granted the patent, and you are not guaranteed any spe-cific time, but your patent was going to run out after 20 years, even if you had never had any time to protect it. That is what they were trying to do, and we managed to stop them. 
We put a coalition together, a bipar-
tisan coalition. M
ARCY KAPTUR of Ohio 
and myself have been active on this issue for the last 25 years, trying to thwart these huge corporate interests who are trying to neuter the rights of the little guy, of the small inventor, of the independent operator. 
How did we stop them that very first 
time? Well, we added an amendment on that said these changes that are being foisted on us today—or being voted on today—only apply to companies that have over 100 employees. 
All of a sudden, those people who 
were advocating this saying, Oh, this will be good for everybody, especially the small inventor, all of a sudden, they had to withdraw the bill. 
Well, if it was so good for the little 
guy, why would they withdraw the bill? Well, they withdrew the bill because the bill was aimed at helping huge cor-porate interests to step on the little guy in the United States. 
We defeated that, but we have been 
fighting, fighting, fighting for 20 years; and this year, it looks like we have lost the leverage that we had to defeat these powerful special interests. 
That is why it is important for the 
American people and people involved in technology development to pay atten-tion to proposals that are being made here in the House and in the Senate concerning intellectual property rights, especially concerning the pat-ent rights that our people have en-joyed, as I say, since the founding of our country. 
Today, we have a bill that is being 
presented. Again, it can’t be presented on how do we destroy the patent rights of the average American. They have to find something that sounds so sinister that they can set up a straw man. They will say, Look at him, we are going to beat him up. That is what this bill is about. Just like I said, submarine patents 
were the reason why they had to elimi-nate the right of the small inventor to a guaranteed term or to have confiden-tiality in its patent application like before. That was a submarine patent. 
Well, now, they are not saying that. 
They have had to come up with a bet-ter term that is even more frightening and sickening than submarine patent. The cynical nature of this type of de-bate on an issue was demonstrated by the fact that a corporate leader, who was on the other side of this issue than I am, has now changed his position and come to me with a description of how the words ‘‘patent troll’’ came about because, now, we hear that we have got to change the law, not for submarine patents, but now because patent trolls are preying on the American people, they are draining us of funds and en-riching themselves, these patent trolls. 
Well, where did that word come 
from? This gentleman that I am talk-ing about was in a meeting with the heads of some very powerful corpora-tions. They sat around in a circle to de-cide what term they should use. 
He said to me: Well, I recommended 
‘‘patent pirate.’’ Well, that wasn’t sin-ister enough, so they came up with pat-ent troll. 
By the time everyone heard that: 
Yes, that is the one. 
Well, why is it the one? Because it 
sounds so sinister that it is going to be able to blind people as to who the real victim is. Now, we are out to get the patent troll, but it is the little guy, it is the small inventor, it is the inde-pendent inventors that are going to be damaged severely by an attack on a patent troll. 
Now, what is a patent troll, by what 
they are trying to tell us? Patent troll—we keep hearing the argument that there are people in our society that are using, basically, patents that are not really good patents. 
They are patents that really are not 
legitimate patents, and they are using these to create litigation that will en-rich the lawyers—the patent trolls—be-cause the patent trolls just reach out with some illegitimate patent claim, and then they have to get paid off or they have to go to jail. 
Well, how much of this is there? 
There is some of that, but let us note this: There are frivolous lawsuits throughout our entire system; there are frivolous lawsuits in almost every endeavor in the American economy, but there are also legitimate lawsuits. There are people who are really dam-aged and deserve to have the right to sue somebody. 
The law that we are facing now, that 
is being proposed here in Congress for a patent law, is the equivalent of elimi-nating the right of people to sue some-one who has done damage to them in order to prevent a frivolous lawsuit from happening. 
Do we really want to neuter the 
rights of people? Because some people abuse the system, you are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.039 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1796 March 19, 2015 
take the 90 percent of the cases where 
it is not being abused or 95 percent of the cases where it is a legitimate suit and eliminate that right in order to handle the frivolous suits? That is what is happening. 
Although we are being told that all 
of the suits are frivolous and that the inventors are being portrayed as money-grubbers, these guys trying to take advantage of these big corpora-tions—yeah, right. The little guy is trying to take advantage of the big guy, and that is why we have got to pass a law that dramatically restricts the rights of the little guy to deal with an infringement by a big corporation. 
What this bill is, H.R. 9, and it is 
waiting to be brought to the floor. It could be brought to the floor in the next week, month, 2 months; we don’t know yet. This bill dramatically under-cuts the rights of legitimate patentholders to enforce their patents. 
The patent troll element comes in 
with this. Today, if you are a small in-ventor and a large corporate interest has been infringing on your invention, if you own it for 17 years—after that, by the way, everybody can use it for free—but during that 17 years, you have a right to be compensated for the fact that you are the one who discov-ered this. 
You invested your time and your ef-
fort and your scarce resources in order to come up with this new discovery, yes; and they have a right then to try to bring, if a large corporation is using it without paying them royalties, they have a right to bring suit. 
But many of them don’t have those 
resources. They don’t have any money. They are, indeed, independent small in-ventors up against corporations that are worth billions of dollars and, I might say, multinational corporations. 
These aren’t just an American David 
Sarnoff. A lot of these corporations we are talking about are multinational corporations, and they have nothing to do with the American interests. They have everything to do with the interest of making money for their stock-holders and their company, which is multinational, which is global in scope and not an American company nec-essarily. 
We are going to undercut American 
inventors’ rights to try to enforce their patent from being stolen by multi-national corporations. That is what this bill does. 
This is, to me, in my 25 or 26 years 
here in Congress, the best example of crony capitalism that I have ever seen. What is crony capitalism? That is when we pass laws and we set up regulations that are aimed at—what—helping the big guy in relationship to the little guy. 
Crony capitalism is when the little 
guys pay and end up having their rights trampled upon, but the big guys are protected by different laws and clauses that we put into law here in Washington in the House and in the Senate. Well, the bogeyman this time, as I 
say, is the patent troll. The patent troll is what? The patent troll is some-one—although I wouldn’t call him a patent troll. I would say there is a per-son who is willing to join with a small inventor—or independent inventor—to see that his patent is enforced. 
We are not talking about phony pat-
ents; we are talking about legitimate patents. We are not talking about friv-olous claims; we are talking about le-gitimate claims to patent claims of an inventor, but the inventor does not have the strength to enforce that against a big corporation that has an unlimited budget. 
This bill would make it dramatically 
more difficult for anyone to enlist someone who is not the inventor to help them press their case against the infringement, the stuff that they had. 
By the way, if this law, H.R. 9, was 
passed and would have been law at the time of Philo Farnsworth, Philo Farnsworth would have been beaten up, kicked around, stepped upon, and he would not have had any benefit from his invention of the picture tube. 
Do we want a country in which the 
big guys are able to do that to the small inventors? How long are we going to be on top of things? How long will the standard of living of our people stay high and our businesses competi-tive and our country safe and secure because of technological advances? How long will that last if we are step-ping on the little guy and we fun-damentally change the nature of tech-nology law in our country? That is what is happening. 
This bill passed last year in the 
House, and it was stopped in the Sen-ate. Let me note that one of the amendments that I personally had to propose that demonstrate how bad this bill is—although I managed to win the one amendment that we were able to win—was they wanted to take away the rights of an inventor to sue the Patent Office if, indeed, the Patent Office was not legally acting in terms of his pat-ent application. 
In other words, if a government agen-
cy was doing something illegally, using illegal criteria—maybe because some-one else was influencing the decision from the outside, maybe there was just some sort of personality problem, maybe it was corruption from within— but if an independent inventor sees that he is being treated and is being dealt with in a way that is not con-sistent with the law, the small inven-tor has always had a right, just like any other American, to sue and take his case to court. 
This is how blatant H.R. 9 is. That 
bill contained a provision that said the small inventor can’t take his case to court. They are going to neuter the small inventor of his right to take it to court; and he has to, instead, go to an ombudsman at the Patent Office—oh, my, an ombudsman, how nice. 
Eliminating the right of an American 
citizen and inventor in order to— what—in order to send him to a gov-
ernment bureaucrat and the agency that he thinks has done him wrong, rather than having a day in court. 
b1315 
That exemplifies everything that is 
in H.R. 9, and it is so cynical because what we have got is, again, the Amer-ican people saying, ‘‘Look at this straw man.’’ It is called ‘‘straw man argu-mentation.’’ Let’s build up a straw man—the trolls—and everybody will think that we are aiming at the trolls when, in fact, the real targets are the little guys—the American independent inventors—the little guys who can’t af-ford without some help from the out-side to enforce their patents. 
There is nothing wrong with someone 
investing in an inventor who says, ‘‘Look, I have got my whole life’s sav-ings in this. I have invented this, but this big corporation refuses to give me any royalties from my patent.’’ There is nothing wrong with trying to help that inventor enforce his rights—there is nothing wrong at all—but the straw man is that person who is actually in-vesting in this. Now, he didn’t invent it, and he is going to profit by it. Thus, he is a troll. No. That person is ful-filling an important role in not permit-ting outside people to invest in inven-tions and with inventors. 
By doing that, what we have done is 
diminish the value of every American patent. That understanding defeated this bill in the Senate last year be-cause our American universities under-stood that, if that went in, the value of all of these patents that the American universities have been developing would dramatically go down. It dimin-ishes the value of all patents when you eliminate that right of the people to invest in patent enforcement. That makes sense. 
So there was an upheaval at almost 
every American major university and in many other industries that deal di-rectly with long-term research and de-velopment, like the pharmaceutical in-dustry, for example. They knew that we could not allow this to happen. That was stopped in the Senate the last time around. People realized that this type of crony capitalist attempt was to the detriment of the American people. 
We have some of the most powerful 
multinational corporations still at play, trying to push this through this session of Congress. People have to know that H.R. 9 is crony capitalism personified. They need to talk to their Congressmen, and my colleagues need to talk to each other about this bill and not just accept what is being hand-ed to them as something that has made its way through the committee proc-ess. 
This bill destroys the rights of dis-
covery for the little guy. This suit ba-sically doesn’t do anything to go up against frivolous lawsuits, but it deems all of the legitimate cases and puts them in the same category as frivolous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.040 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1797 March 19, 2015 
lawsuits. H.R. 9 causes fees, and fees on 
defending infringement would be lev-eled not on the guys who have com-mitted the crime. We are actually lev-eling fees on the people who are trying to enforce their rights. We are asking people to pay more money in order to enforce their rights. 
It destroys, for example, the treble 
damage awards. Now, what does that mean? If you are a little guy, to get a lawyer to help you, that lawyer has to know he is going to make a profit when getting involved in a suit against a big corporation. Today, they have what they call triple damages. If the cor-poration knows that it is infringing on the little guy, there are triple dam-ages. They are trying to get rid of those triple damages and say, ‘‘No, only actual damages.’’ 
What does that mean? The little guy 
can never afford to hire a lawyer. The lawyers won’t get involved. You can see these big corporations, they cer-tainly have all of the legal help they need. Basically, that provision alone neuters the leverage that a small in-ventor has to get some legal help in his battle to defend his or her own prop-erty rights. 
This bill, by the way, fails to iden-
tify—and it even sometimes protects— lawyers who are operating on bad faith with frivolous lawsuits, as compared to trying to help—let’s deter frivolous lawsuits, but let’s not do it by elimi-nating the rights of people who have le-gitimate claims against big corpora-tions. 
There is another bill now emerging. 
In the House, it is H.R. 9. It is a dis-aster. We need to make sure people know that the American people have been tipped off and that we are not going to let this happen by the major, huge corporations like Google, which is one of the main groups behind this try-ing to rip off these little guys. We are not going to allow that to happen, and they are not going to rip us off either. 
This has been recognized in the Sen-
ate. Like I said, it was stopped the last time, so there is a bill in the Senate, S. 632. Senator C
OONS has put this bill in. 
This bill reasserts the condition of willful infringement. Basically, it rein-forces the idea that, if a company is willfully infringing, this is something that someone needs to be paid for and compensated for because someone in-tentionally stepped on his rights. It gives the PTO the discretion to award damages in these cases when you see that a big company has willfully said, We will ignore the fact that we know this group invented it. Ignore that. Just go ahead, and if they try to sue us, we will step on them, or we will get the rules of the game changed in Con-gress so that they don’t have a chance to sue us. 
S. 632, the Coons bill in the Senate, 
specifically allows higher education and smaller entities to be identified as legitimate owners. Thus, we are pro-tecting the actual little guys and their educational institutions. What we also have in the Senate bill is something 
that identifies bad faith in these de-mand letters. There are frivolous law-suits. It actually gives strength and power to thwart these frivolous law-suits without damaging the rights of the small inventor and the traditional rights of the American people. 
We are up against a major fight, but 
here we have a good piece of legislation in the Senate, in the Coons bill, S. 632, and in a crony capitalism bill, H.R. 9, here in the House. The American peo-ple have to at times get involved or things will go haywire in our country. We don’t have the rights and privileges that every American enjoys simply be-cause they are in the Constitution. Over the years, the American people have stepped up when they have seen that their rights were being trampled upon. 
The big guys were always around, 
trying to steal from the little guys, but as we saw in the case of Philo Farnsworth, we have a commitment to America’s little guys. As for the men and women who maybe are not rich but who have a creative genius that will uplift all of us, we have made a com-mitment to them. H.R. 9 breaks that commitment and destroys their ability to actually benefit from their own cre-ative genius. 
I would ask my colleagues to spend 
time reading H.R. 9 and consider the straw man argument—the trolls. Get beyond the slogan, and see what effect it will have, and ask small inventors— independent inventors—and educators what impact the changes in H.R. 9 will have. Once the legislators here in the House do, and once they understand the damage that this will do to the American people and how the little guy is going to be stepped upon, they will vote against it, but they have to have their attention drawn to this. 
People are busy here in Washington. 
The biggest problem is getting the at-tention of our colleagues to pay atten-tion to a bill like H.R. 9. That is part of what the citizenry has to do if our process is going to work. They need to be talking to their Congressmen. They need to be talking to their Senators. Whether you are an educator and you deal with patents of your educational institution or whether you are an inde-pendent inventor and have an idea that will make Americans more productive and more competitive or make our country safer, you are the treasure house of this country, and they are try-ing to destroy that treasure right now. 
I call on my colleagues to join me in 
opposition to H.R. 9 and to work with the Senate to try to have the Senate bill intertwined and to come to a com-promise so we can have a positive bill here in the House and so we can move forward in a positive way to make sure that Americans remain prosperous, that Americans remain secure, and that Americans remain free. That is what our Constitution was all about. That is what Thomas Jefferson was all about, and that is what Benjamin Franklin was all about. That is what 
we are supposed to be all about. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF FIREFIGHTER 
DANIEL CORRIGAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the memory of local Santa Barbara, California, firefighter Daniel Corrigan. 
Dan was born and raised in Hayward, 
California, where he played football and attended Moreau Catholic High School. Dan earned his degree in me-chanical engineering from Cal Poly Po-mona, and he began his firefighting ca-reer with the Fresno Fire Department in 2007. In 2013, Dan joined the Santa Barbara City Fire Department, where he made a tremendous impact not only on his colleagues but on the entire community. 
Throughout his career, Dan was rec-
ognized by his colleagues for his hard work ethic, his considerable intel-ligence, and enjoyable sense of humor. 
That is why we were all so deeply 
saddened by the unexpected news when Dan passed away 2 weeks ago. He was just 35. His loss came much too early for a beloved hero who devoted so much of himself to serve his community. 
Dan is survived by his pregnant 
fiance ´e, Sarah; by his son, Jack; by his 
sisters Debbie and Rosanne; and by his parents, John and Anne. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with 
them all at this sad time. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
WOMEN’S AND THE VIRGIN 
ISLANDS HISTORY MONTH 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, every 
year during the month of March, we celebrate the contributions to events in history and modern society by women. We call it Women’s History Month, but in my district, in the U.S. Virgin Islands, the month of March is also commemorated as Virgin Islands History Month. 
So, in keeping with both customs, I 
would like to take the time to recog-nize a few Virgin Islanders who have broken the glass ceiling for women in the upper echelons of law in the terri-tory and, indeed, in the United States, and who inspired generations of young women to do the same: 
The Honorable Eileen Ramona Peter-
son, who became the first female judge in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 1971; the Honorable J’ada Finch-Sheen, who later became the first female sworn in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.042 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1798 March 19, 2015 
as attorney general of the Virgin Is-
lands; and the Honorable Wilma Lewis, who, among a long list of noteworthy accomplishments, was the first African American woman to serve as inspector general to the U.S. Department of the Interior and, later, as the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia. Judge Lewis currently serves as the chief judge of the District Court of the Vir-gin Islands. 
Our fight for law and justice and 
equality comes from our history, and that fight has often been led by women, women such as Queen Mary Thomas, who, along with three other women, led a revolt in the streets of St. Croix to protest unfair labor wages and deplor-able working conditions in 1878. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize 
these women because their work and their contributions have allowed many Virgin Islands women to ascend through the glass ceiling. Their con-tributions made it possible for a young girl from the Virgin Islands—myself— to become a New York assistant dis-trict attorney, to be at the Justice De-partment and to later serve as the fifth-elected Delegate to Congress from the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
To that end, Mr. Speaker, it troubles 
me to see the political gamesmanship that is delaying the confirmation of Loretta Lynch as the next Attorney General of the United States. By all ac-counts, she is highly qualified and re-garded, and would make a great Attor-ney General. I am urging my col-leagues in the Senate Chamber to bring Ms. Lynch’s confirmation to a vote. Place your objections on the record. 
f 
b1330 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, the 
story out in a number of media, like this from Breitbart, ‘‘First Details of Iran Deal: Allows 6,000 Centrifuges, Rolls Back the U.N. Arms Embargo.’’ That story talks about in order to en-tice Iran to cut back to 6,000 or 6,500 centrifuges, elements of the U.N. arms embargo against Iran could be rolled back. 
I think it is important to recall, it 
hasn’t been that long ago that a prin-cipal cornerstone of the discussions be-tween the Obama administration and the—I have to be careful the words I use here on the House floor—America- killing Iran administration was going to require them to dismantle their ef-forts toward nuclear production, and now they are floating a draft that is going to allow them to have thousands of centrifuges. 
Now, I have been advised by people at 
the IAEA in Vienna that, actually, if they just have 3,000 centrifuges, with all of the uranium that has been en-riched to 5 percent, they only need 
3,000 to take it up to 90 percent. Once you are at 5 percent, it seems like it would be a long way to get to 90, but actually it is just a matter of weeks. 
You could do it easily in a facility 
that would be easy to hide, because you could take those 3,000 in a facility 30 meters by 70 meters and you could en-rich from 5 to 90 percent at weapons grade uranium, have the nukes that at least at one time Ayatollah Khamenei has indicated—I understand still be-lieves—that they can hasten the return of the 12th imam, the Mahdi, to rule over this world caliphate, and they can do so because they believe the proph-ecy is that he will arise—the 12th imam, as the Mahdi, the head of the ca-liphate, this world caliphate, he will arise out of chaos, and they believe that could be nuclear chaos. 
So, in effect, if this administration 
agrees to allow even 1,500 centrifuges to continue to spin in Iran, he is has-tening the demise of millions of people, ultimately. A new Holocaust. Now, it is one thing when leaders in the United States could say, ‘‘Gee, we didn’t know that millions of Jews were being killed by Hitler; gee, we just didn’t know,’’ but there came a point where it became very clear, and Hitler and his subordi-nates really tried to hide what they were doing. 
Iran has made no bones about what 
they want to do. They want to wipe Israel off the map. First of all, they are never going to eliminate all of the Jews in the world; it will not happen. As God is my witness, that will not happen. What will happen, as anybody, including this administration, if they are intent on going there, to allow Iran to continue to move toward nuclear weapons under this so-called nuclear agreement, they move there, it will cause judgment to come down on our country for allowing something so hor-rific to become possible when we had the means to stop it. 
This is no time for anyone who is a 
civilized individual, who believes in the rights of men, the rights of women, the rights of children, to be cutting a deal with these cutthroats in Iran. Nobody seems to want to talk about it, but Iran has drug this thing out for over a year. 
Perhaps Valerie Jarrett was working 
a deal even longer than that. There were reports that she was negotiating with them early on, trying to see if something could be done. Whether that is true or not, clearly what Iran has done is drug out the talks, continued to increase the number of centrifuges it has spinning, continued to move to-ward the ability to have a tremendous amount of 5 percent enrichment so that it very quickly can move to 90 percent and develop the nukes. 
They would likely develop a number 
of them at the same time, not just do one. They would do a number and then spread them out so that, once they move into nuclear mode, they have sev-eral. You try to take them out at that point; you are going to find one or 
more of them in cities that you care about. So we should never allow that to even become possible. 
When I see this deal, I see all these 
articles about it, then I see this article ‘‘Obama Planning Drastic Shake-Up in Policy Toward Israel.’’ So because the people of Israel, in their election, made clear, ‘‘We would prefer not to be wiped out by Iran, and we can tell that the deal that the Obama administration is cutting is bad for Israel and puts us at extreme risk,’’ they gave more seats than were expected to the Likud Party, Netanyahu’s party. 
What is the response of the Obama 
administration after they threw every-thing they possibly could, threw tem-
per tantrums about Prime Minister Netanyahu speaking from right here just to tell us his perspective on the Iranian deal because his country is most at risk? Those that refused to un-derstand—it isn’t just Israel at risk— may pay at the cost of thousands or millions of lives. These people have no respect for the lives of people who are not radical Islamists, as they are. 
So you might think: Oh, gee, maybe 
the Obama administration learned a lesson; let’s don’t try to interfere in the election process in a foreign coun-try. It does make you wonder, you know, there were all those rumors about since the Obama money was never audited in his original campaign in 2008 and there were massive numbers of $50 contributions with credit cards, where did those come from? Were any of those foreign? 
We have seen allegations about 
money coming in to Hillary Clinton’s campaign from foreigners. We know in Bill Clinton’s campaign they got caught redhanded with money from monks that was given to Vice Presi-dent Al Gore, but, you know, foreigners are not supposed to be able to influence our elections. It appears that poten-tially they have. 
If that were true—don’t know for cer-
tain because there wasn’t an audit done, but maybe that would help ex-plain why this administration is so quick to get involved in the election process in Israel to try to destroy Netanyahu, who was more concerned with the preservation of the nation of Israel than he was in getting another Nobel Peace Prize for this administra-tion. 
But this, dated today, by Melanie 
Batley says: 
The White House on Wednesday suggested 
it could reverse its decades-old policy of using its veto in the United Nations Security Council to protect Israel. It could refuse to veto resolutions related to the Palestinians or introduce a measure of its own, The Wall Street Journal reported. 
The U.S. could also lend its support to a 
two-state solution based on Israel’s 1967 bor-ders, a senior White House official told The New York Times: ‘‘We’re currently evalu-ating our approach,’’ State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said, according to the Journal. ‘‘We’re not going to prejudge what we would do if there was a U.N. ac-tion.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.043 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1799 March 19, 2015 
She should have said ‘‘if there were,’’ 
but she said ‘‘if there was.’’ 
The article also says: 
The Obama administration in the past has 
shielded Israel at the Security Council, using a veto to strike down a resolution con-demning Israeli settlement activity in Pales-tinian territory. 
Now, Obama officials may decide to allow 
Israel to be exposed to more international 
pressure in an attempt to force them back into negotiating. 
This is what I would call a deal to 
hasten the attempted demise of Israel. 
It is interesting, though, ‘‘We’re cur-
rently evaluating our approach,’’ the 
State Department said, because we were told by a Muslim Brothers publi-cation in December of 2012 that—yes, I believe it was 2012. It was before the fall of Muslim Brother Morsi as Presi-dent of Egypt, but it was a Muslim Brothers-approved publication in Egypt that bragged about the six top advisers in the Obama administration who they bragged were Muslim Broth-ers. 
Now, some in the media don’t want 
to do anything but vilify me for point-ing out what the Muslim Brothers have pointed out, but for a number of years I tried to advise the Homeland Secu-rity Department that you have ele-vated a man to the top advisory coun-cil, given him a secret security clear-ance, allowed him to access documents, which I was told by people, I believe, including the director of DPS in Texas, that we know that this man downloaded two documents. We know he downloaded them with his personal computer at his home, and then the re-port from Patrick Poole, the reporter, that he had direct indication from a national media outlet that Mr. Elibiary had shopped those documents to this national media outlet, who hap-pened to refuse. 
I asked Secretary Napolitano about 
it. She said she knew nothing about it. That was interesting, because her chief told the director of Texas Department of Public Safety the night before, who advised me the night before, that she had been totally briefed on what Elibiary had done. When I brought it up the next day, either she lied in front of our committee or her close staff member lied to the Department of Pub-lic Safety director in Texas the night before. 
But we do know this. Later when I 
again asked her about it and if it had been investigated, she said that DHS had looked into it and there was noth-ing to it. Yet, when there was a FOIA request for the documents pertaining to the investigation, there were no doc-uments that supported that there ever was an investigation. So either, again, the Department of Homeland Security Secretary lied, committed a crime, or DHS lied and there were documents about that investigation. 
In any event, last September, the 
Homeland Security Department, after years of being warned about this per-son they kept elevating, after one of the ISIS videos hit television and showed the Islamic State cutting off 
the head of an American, this top ad-viser to our Homeland Security De-partment tweeted out, basically, the caliphate’s inevitable; people just need to get used to the idea. That was the basis of it. So at Homeland Security, they allowed him to go ahead and not be renewed as a top adviser to Home-land Security. 
We also know that Imam Magid, who 
had been head of the Islamic Society of North America, which Islamic Society of North America was aimed as a co- conspirator in the largest prosecution for supporting terrorism in the history of the United States in going after the Holy Land Foundation in Dallas, Texas, Federal Court. The Islamic So-ciety of North America was named as a co-conspirator, as was the Council of American Islamic Relations, CAIR. 
b1345 
Although, we saw a story last year 
where they were thinking about chang-ing their name to—I forget what the words were—but instead of CAIR, it would be WTF. I guess they thought better of having WTF be their symbolic letters representing who they are. 
In any event, CAIR, ISNA, they were 
named coconspirators in the Holy Land Foundation trial. When an effort was made to remove their names from being listed as coconspirators, the judge in the Federal court there in Dal-las reviewed the evidence and said, No, there is evidence that supports having their names as coconspirators. 
They appealed to the Fifth Circuit 
Court of Appeals for the United States and all those judges looked at it and said, No, there is plenty of evidence here to support that these groups are coconspirators with the Holy Land Foundation—whose principals were convicted of supporting terrorism and sent to prison. 
This administration gets sworn in 
within 2 months of the conviction, and instead of being careful about these groups that U.S. Federal courts had said we had plenty of evidence to show that they support terrorism, this ad-ministration neglected—refused—to consider that because they thought they knew better. 
They brought the leaders of CAIR 
and ISNA into the realm of their close advisers; so is it any mystery that when Prime Minister Netanyahu was coming to Washington in May of 2011, the President sought advice—got ad-vice—from the leader of this named co-conspirator supporting terrorism, Imam Magid? 
When the President gave this speech 
in the State Department itself, Imam Magid was there. This administration had obviously given him credentials to allow him not only in the White House, but in the inner sanctum of the State Department. 
When I read, ‘‘We are currently eval-
uating our approach,’’ from the State Department, I can’t help but wonder: Have you got Imam Magid in there— which this Egyptian Muslim Brother- 
approved article said was a Muslim Brother, a top adviser—have you got him in there helping advise you on how to go after Netanyahu and how to put Israel more at risk than you already have? 
‘‘We are evaluating our approach’’ 
scares me—should scare others—when you know the kind of people that are giving this administration advice. 
This article says: 
The Obama administration in the past has 
shielded Israel at the Security Council, using a veto to strike down a resolution con-demning Israeli settlement activity in Pales-tinian territory. Now, Obama officials may decide to allow Israel to be exposed to more international pressure in an attempt to force them back into negotiating a peace deal. 
Well, Israel has eyes wide open as 
Iran continues to spin centrifuges and enrich uranium. They understand that their very existence is at risk; yet we have people here in Washington—this administration—that apparently are hearing from people saying, Oh, no, it’s no problem. Israel is the real problem here. 
Never mind the people that are advis-
ing this administration are more upset with Israel wanting to continue to exist than they are with Iran for want-ing to wipe out Israel and the United States. 
This should scare people in the 
United States because, as Prime Min-ister Netanyahu pointed out—though he didn’t have to—he cares about the United States. He was educated here. He would like to see us continue to exist and be friends with Israel. 
He pointed out, Look, they are devel-
oping intercontinental ballistic mis-siles. Those are not to hit us in Israel, he says, they are coming after us, but they really don’t even need interconti-nental ballistic missiles. 
They can put them on a cargo ship 
and bring them right into our ports, bring them right up the Potomac River, into the Houston Ship Channel, into New Orleans. In between New Or-leans and Houston, they can wipe out 70 percent of our refined gasoline, so we could be in a world of hurt in a real hurry. 
The President’s job is to help provide 
for the common defense, and it seems that his initiative is more to be op-posed to anything Israel knows in its collective heart will keep them pro-tected. 
Unfortunately, that is not all the 
news. We look here and find this article from Newsmax: 
Islamic State jihadists may have com-
mitted genocide in trying to wipe out the Yazidi minority in Iraq, the U.N. said Thurs-day in a report laying out a litany of atroc-ities. The Islamic State ‘‘may have com-mitted all three of the most serious inter-national crimes—namely, war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide,’’ the United Nations human rights office said in a state-ment. 
The agency published a horrifying report 
detailing killings, torture, rape, sexual slav-ery, and the use of child soldiers by the ex-tremists. All of these crimes, it said, were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.044 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1800 March 19, 2015 
violations of international human rights and 
humanitarian law, and some may amount to ‘‘crimes against humanity’’ and ‘‘war crimes.’’ 
Further down, it says: 
In numerous Yazidi villages, men and boys 
over the age of 14 were rounded up and shot, while the women and girls were abducted as the ‘‘spoils of war.’’ The report, which was ordered by the U.N. Human Rights Council last September, following a request from the Iraqi Government, pointed out that some vil-lages ‘‘were entirely emptied of their Yazidi population.’’ 
Many Yazidi women and girls were sold 
into sexual slavery or handed over to Islamic 
State members as ‘‘gifts,’’ the report said, adding that witnesses had described hearing girls as young as 6 screaming for help as they were raped in a house used by Islamic State fighters. 
A pregnant 19-year-old had told the inves-
tigators she had been repeatedly raped by a Islamic State ‘‘doctor’’ over a period of 2
1⁄2 
months and that he deliberately sat on her stomach, saying, ‘‘This baby should die be-cause it is an infidel. I can make a Muslim baby.’’ 
We had the report in the last few 
weeks from a Catholic source in Nige-ria where they have begged the United States for any help that it will give to try to stop Boko Haram and their ef-forts to wipe out Christians in Nigeria. 
This source indicated that they had 
heard from the United States—from the Obama administration—that the Obama administration will only help them against Boko Haram if Nigeria will change its laws to allow same-sex marriage. 
Well, apparently, once this adminis-
tration got through ObamaCare, it promised the Catholic leaders, Chris-tian leaders: Hey, we will never, ever refuse to allow you to practice your re-ligious beliefs. 
Well, that turned out to be a lie be-
cause, of course, they went after Catholic nuns, they went after the Catholic Church—well, at least those who actually practice what they hear preached in the Catholic Church—and any other Christian who believes that abortion is religiously wrong. 
I guess after the administration 
broke its promise and went after and used the full force of the government to prevent people from practicing their religious beliefs and being able to con-form their conduct to their religious beliefs, it was a no-brainer that they would then try to impose their reli-gious beliefs—or lack thereof—upon countries like Nigeria or others in Afri-ca or around the world. 
There will be a price for the United 
States as a country to pay when we know about Jews being wiped out, when we know about Christians being wiped out, and God has blessed us with the ability to protect ourselves and to stop such genocide; not only do we do nothing to stop it, we demand that they abandon their Christian beliefs before we will offer any help. 
There will be a price to pay for the 
United States of America for being so callous as Christians and Jews around the world are suffering in numbers like never before. I applaud my friend B
RAD SHERMAN . 
This article from Pam Key today quotes Sherman as saying: 
I fear that you have misled this committee 
in telling us that once Iran has the rights of a nonnuclear state subject to additional pro-tocol, that you’ll be able to stop sneak-out, 
because you’ve said first that, well, they can’t develop a nuclear weapon because that would be illegal. That’s a preposterous argu-ment. Obviously, they’re willing to break the law. 
My friend Mr. S HERMAN and I dis-
agree on so much, but I know him to be an honorable man, and he understands 
Iran doesn’t care about breaking deals. Any deal with Iran is like a deal with Hitler. The Soviet Union thought they could cut a deal with Hitler. The thing that their leaders were most mad about was that Hitler reached the agreement before they did because they had inten-tions, apparently, of breaching it. 
We are somewhere between Neville 
Chamberlain and Stalin in trying to reach a deal with a modern-day Hitler, except Hitler didn’t have some crazy religious idea that he should wipe out everybody in the world that didn’t have the exact same religious beliefs that he did. 
Look, we are on the side of right. 
President al-Sisi in Egypt is on the side of right. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, all over the Middle East, they are be-coming afraid because this administra-tion is on the verge of cutting a deal that will allow Iran to continue mov-ing forward to not just one nuke, but many nukes, and a breakout could be a matter of weeks. 
I know people are talking about it 
could be years, but when you hear from people that know that you could have a facility 30 meters by 70 meters and that you could sneak that 5 percent into a secret facility without people knowing and you could enrich it to 90 and have nuclear weapons, we ought to take notice. 
We have been blessed with much, and 
to whom much is given, of them much is required. The world deserves better with what we have been blessed with in the way of power, and they deserve to have us stand up against Iran. It is time for us to bomb Iran’s nuclear fa-cilities. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY, 
MARCH 23, 2015 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 23, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning hour-debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana (at the request 
of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for March 18 and 
today on account of a family medical emergency. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 23, 2015, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. P ELOSI , 
Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BECERRA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECKof 
Washington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. 
MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P IERLUISI , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MR7.046 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1801 March 19, 2015 
POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Ms. D ELAURO ): 
H.R. 12. A bill to modernize voter registra-
tion, promote access to voting for individ-uals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to exercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Science, Space, and Tech-nology, Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. 
R
OONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 1457. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to provide for direct payment of statutory sound recording performance roy-alties to record producers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
TOM PRICE of Georgia, and Mr. 
MCNERNEY ): 
H.R. 1458. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide bundled pay-ments for post-acute care services under parts A and B of Medicare, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CONYERS (for himself, Mr. 
L
EWIS, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S EWELL  
of Alabama, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 1459. A bill to secure the Federal vot-
ing rights of persons when released from in-carceration; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C APUANO , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N AD-
LER, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mrs. C APPS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 1460. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act and direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study with respect to stormwater runoff from oil and gas operations, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. 
A
MASH , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B UCK, 
and Mr. J ORDAN ): 
H.R. 1461. A bill to repeal certain provi-
sions of titles 23 and 49, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for 
herself and Mr. S
TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1462. A bill to combat the rise of pre-
natal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1463. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide for a one- year employment restriction for ex-employ-ees of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion seeking to work for companies against which the Commission brought enforcement actions that were participated on by such ex- employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TAKANO , and Mr. P OCAN ): 
H.R. 1464. A bill to impose a tax on certain 
trading transactions to invest in our families and communities, improve our infrastruc-ture and our environment, strengthen our fi-nancial security, expand opportunity and re-duce market volatility; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 1465. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide an individual with a mental health screening before the indi-vidual enlists in the Armed Forces or is com-missioned as an officer in the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ASSIE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. D OGGETT ): 
H.R. 1466. A bill to repeal the USA PA-
TRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), Financial Services, Foreign Affairs, Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. 
D
UFFY , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. N OR-
TON, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 1467. A bill to amend section 31306 of 
title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative specimen for pre-employment and random controlled sub-stances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. F
ATTAH , and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California): 
H.R. 1468. A bill to galvanize United States 
Government programs in support of brain health for global victims of autism, hydro-cephalus and Alzheimer’s and other forms of dementia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-
sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1469. A bill to improve, coordinate, 
and enhance rehabilitation research at the National Institutes of Health; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. 
U
PTON , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R YAN of Wis-
consin, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. B OU-
STANY ): 
H.R. 1470. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and improve Medi-care payments for physicians and other pro-fessionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S HUSTER , and 
Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 1471. A bill to reauthorize the pro-
grams and activities of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S HUSTER , and 
Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H.R. 1472. A bill to establish a modernized 
national Integrated Public Alert and Warn-ing System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and 
Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): 
H.R. 1473. A bill to amend the John F. Ken-
nedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Per-forming Arts; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and 
Mr. D
OGGETT ): 
H.R. 1474. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account num-bers to children in cases in which the con-fidentiality of the number has been com-promised; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. R
ANGEL , and Mr. C ON-
YERS ): 
H.R. 1475. A bill to authorize a Wall of Re-
membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.100 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1802 March 19, 2015 
contributions to fund that Wall of Remem-
brance; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 1476. A bill to prohibit the Secretary 
of the Treasury and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from pro-viding bailouts or other financial assistance to a pension plan of a State or political sub-division thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania (for himself, Mr. Y
ODER , and 
Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 1477. A bill to provide for Federal 
agencies to develop public access policies re-lating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
S
HERMAN ): 
H.R. 1478. A bill to provide for notice to, 
and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion places a lien against an insurance com-pany’s assets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 1479. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to apply budget neu-trality on a State-specific basis in the cal-culation of the Medicare hospital wage index floor for non-rural areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERLMUTTER ): 
H.R. 1480. A bill to ensure access to certain 
information for financial services industry regulators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1481. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to strengthen the small business in-dustrial base, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself and Mr. 
GIBSON ): 
H.R. 1482. A bill to repeal the exemption 
for hydraulic fracturing in the Safe Drinking Water Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 1483. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, 
United States Code, to repeal wage require-ments applicable to laborers and mechanics employed on Federal-aid highway and public transportation construction projects; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1484. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Federal lands to the State of Nevada in fulfillment of the Nevada State-hood Enabling Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1485. A bill to improve the control and 
management of invasive species that threat-en and harm Federal lands under the juris-diction of the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on 
Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. D
UFFY , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
STIVERS , and Mr. H ULTGREN ): 
H.R. 1486. A bill to amend the Consumer 
Financial Protection Act of 2010 to bring the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection into the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE (for himself, 
Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, and Mr. J ORDAN ): 
H.R. 1487. A bill to free the private sector 
to harness domestic energy resources to cre-ate jobs and generate economic growth by removing statutory and administrative bar-riers; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, En-ergy and Commerce, Agriculture, the Judici-ary, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. J ONES , and Mr. A BRAHAM ): 
H.R. 1488. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to include firearms in the types of property allowable under the al-ternative provision for exempting property from the estate; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. 
F
ORTENBERRY ): 
H.R. 1489. A bill to seek the establishment 
of and contributions to an International Fund for Israeli-Palestinian Peace; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-
self, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K APTUR , 
Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 1490. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to have an independent ad-vocate for campus sexual assault prevention and response; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARNEY , Mr. H IMES, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H.R. 1491. A bill to reform the housing fi-
nance system of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself, Ms. 
D
ELAURO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C APPS , 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. R USH, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 1492. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase and improve the credit for dependent care expenses and to provide a credit for education of employees of child care centers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
MITH 
of New Jersey, Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. 
KEATING ): 
H.R. 1493. A bill to protect and preserve 
international cultural property at risk due to political instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Armed Services, and the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1494. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit rollovers from re-tirement plans to health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 1495. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for lim-itations on expenditures in elections for the House of Representatives; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself and Mr. 
I
SRAEL ): 
H.R. 1496. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the access to child care for certain veterans receiving health care at a facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HUELSKAMP: 
H.R. 1497. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to require reporting by the Sec-retary of the Treasury of reduction measures being used to avoid defaulting on Govern-ment obligations in the event that the debt limit is reached, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
Z
INKE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
GUINTA , and Mr. P ERRY ): 
H.R. 1498. A bill to direct the President to 
designate an existing Federal officer to co-ordinate efforts to secure the release of United States citizens who are hostages of hostile groups or state sponsors of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. M
EE-
HAN): 
H.R. 1499. A bill to provide for the publica-
tion by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of physical activity recommenda-tions for Americans; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KLINE (for himself, Mr. L
ATTA , 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. 
PETERSON ): 
H.R. 1500. A bill to ensure that certain 
TRICARE program beneficiaries may enroll in TRICARE Prime regardless of the location of their residence; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. K
APTUR , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , and Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 1501. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may not close, consoli-date, or sell any historic postal facility with-out prior congressional approval, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1502. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to extend for 5 years payment parity with Medicare for primary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.100 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1803 March 19, 2015 
care services furnished under the Medicaid 
program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico (for himself, Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T AKAI, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R USH, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia): 
H.R. 1503. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy, in coordination with the Secretary of Labor, to establish a program to provide for workforce training and education, at community colleges, in sustainable energy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
WOMACK , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
BARR, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. T IPTON , 
Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 1504. A bill to prohibit regulations es-
tablishing certain limits for the school lunch program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. NUGENT (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENISHEK , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 1505. A bill to make the National 
Parks and Federal Recreational Lands Pass available at a discount to certain veterans; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 1506. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to promulgate rules in an open proceeding with respect to updating its competitive bidding rules; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASTRO of Texas): 
H.R. 1507. A bill to incentivize State sup-
port for postsecondary education and to pro-mote increased access and affordability for higher education for students, including Dreamer students; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
K
ILMER ): 
H.R. 1508. A bill to promote the develop-
ment of a United States commercial space resource exploration and utilization industry and to increase the exploration and utiliza-tion of resources in outer space; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 1509. A bill to amend the Military Se-
lective Service Act to require the reinstate-ment of the draft whenever an authorization on the use of military force or declaration of war is in effect and to provide for the reg-istration of women with the Selective Serv-ice System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 1510. A bill to require that overseas 
contingency operations be paid for; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Armed Services, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. ROKITA (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 1511. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for qualified elementary and secondary education tuition; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROUZER (for himself, Mr. 
J
ONES , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. M CHENRY , 
Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. W ALKER ): 
H.R. 1512. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to designate at least one city in the United States each year as an ‘‘American World War II City’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. J
OR-
DAN, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. 
OLSON ): 
H.R. 1513. A bill to amend the Labor-Man-
agement Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959 to provide whistleblower protection for union employees; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia (for herself, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
PETERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. 
GRIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1514. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to provide protections for ac-tive duty military consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
GRIJALVA ): 
H.R. 1515. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to require testing of under-ground sources of drinking water in connec-tion with hydraulic fracturing operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself 
and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): 
H.R. 1516. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 1517. A bill to provide greater clarity 
in the regulation of electronic nicotine deliv-ery systems, including electronic cigarettes, cigars, cigarillos, pipes, and hookahs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1518. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to provide for a limitation on the time for the use of con-tributions or donations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 1519. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to establish an award program recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees providing services to students in prekindergarten through high-er education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1520. A bill to amend titles II and 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a Social Security Surplus Protection Ac-count in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund to hold the Social Se-curity surplus and a Medicare Surplus Pro-tection Account in the Federal Hospital In-surance Trust Fund to hold the Medicare surplus, to provide for suspension of invest-ment of amounts held in such Accounts until enactment of legislation providing for in-vestment of the Trust Funds in investment vehicles other than obligations of the United States, and to establish a Social Security and Medicare Part A Investment Commis-sion to make recommendations for alter-native forms of investment of the Social Se-curity and Medicare surpluses; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 1521. A bill to rename the Captain 
William Wylie Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in honor of Captain John E. Moran, a recipient of the Medal of Honor; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
and Mr. G OSAR ): 
H.R. 1522. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and improve the Indian coal production tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and 
Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): 
H. Con. Res. 25. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. D
UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. J ONES , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE ): 
H. Con. Res. 26. Concurrent resolution ef-
fectuating the Compact for a Balanced Budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself 
and Mr. E
NGEL ): 
H. Res. 160. A resolution welcoming the 
Seventh Summit of the Americas, to be held in Panama City, Panama, April 10, 2015, and April 11, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
H
ANNA , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. C LARKE of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.100 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1804 March 19, 2015 
New York, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , and 
Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H. Res. 161. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of September 18 as ‘‘National Innovation in Education Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 12. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 1457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power [. . .] To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by se-curing for limited Times to Authors and In-ventors the exclusive Right to their respec-tive Writings and Discoveries . . . .’’ 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 1458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. CONYERS: 
H.R. 1459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
1) Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the 
Unites States Constitution. This provision permits Congress to make or alter the regu-lations pertaining to Federal elections; 
2) Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment 
to the United States Constitution. This pro-vision grants Congress the authority to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans; and 
3) The Eighth Amendment to the United 
States Constitution. This provision prohibits excessive bail, excessive fines and cruel and unusual punishment. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 1461. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3, Clause 7, and Clause 18. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 1462. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1463. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1464. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, 
Clause 1. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 1465. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitu-tion which gives Congress the power ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regula-tion of the land and naval Forces.’’ 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 1466. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution of the United 
States. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the authority to establish 
post offices and post roads, as enumerated in Article I, Section, 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 1467. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
the enumerated powers listed in Article I, 
Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1468. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1469. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1470. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1471. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and Article I, Section 10, Clause 3 (relating to interstate compacts). 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1472. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 1473. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-
gress) and clause 17 (relating to authority over the district as the seat of government), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States). 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 1474. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, related to providing for the gen-eral welfare. Additionally, it is enacted under the authority provided in Article I, Section 8 related to Congress’ ability to ‘‘[carry] into Execution the foregoing pow-ers.’’ 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 1475. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States, as enumer-ated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 1476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, clause 7, which states 
that, ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropria-tions made by the law.’’ 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Penn-
sylvania: 
H.R. 1477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Power vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 1479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 1480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purposes in taxing and spending. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 1482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MR7.100 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1805 March 19, 2015 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 1483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Because the legislation would change the 
formula for government contracts on fed-eral-aid highway and public construction transportation projects, it is authorized under clause 1 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution which states’’ [t]he Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time 
By Mr. BRIDENSTINE: 
H.R. 1487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 gives Congress the 
power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper’’ to execute the enumer-ated power of regulating ‘‘Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ The ti-tles of the American Energy Renaissance Act deal with existing laws affecting the produc-tion and transportation of energy among the states and Indian tribes and the export of en-ergy to 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 1488. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. CROWLEY: 
H.R. 1489. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1490. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H.R. 1491. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 1492. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 1493. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1494. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 1495. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 1496. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HUELSKAMP: 
H.R. 1497. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the 
power to borrow money on the credit of the United States. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 1498. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Artical I Section VIII, Clause XVIII: to 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers and all other powers vested by this Constitution and the Government of the United States or in any Department or offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1499. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. KLINE: 
H.R. 1500. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation ensures that the Secretary 
of Defense provides retired military veteran beneficiaries who live beyond 100 miles of a Military Treatment Facility, an opportunity to retain access to TRICARE Prime. Specific authority is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for orga-nizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1501. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I of the United States Con-
stitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 1502. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the 
United States. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA
´N of New Mex-
ico: 
H.R. 1503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 1504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. NUGENT: 
H.R. 1505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clauses 1, 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; raise and support Armies; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 1506. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 1507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (relating to 
the power of Congress to provide for the gen-eral welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; and Arti-cle I, Section 8, Clause 18:The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 1509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Congress is given the power under the Constitution ‘‘To raise and support Armies,’’ ‘‘To provide and maintain a Navy,’’ and ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces.’’ Art.I, §8, cls. 12- 14. See also: ROSTKER V. GOLDBERG, 453 U. S. 57 (1981) 
By Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 1510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article XVI of the Constitution—Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes.... 
By Mr. ROKITA: 
H.R. 1511. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.023 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1806 March 19, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; 
By Mr. ROUZER: 
H.R. 1512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. ‘‘This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, of the US Constitution 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 1513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 1514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following:, 
Article One of the United States Constitu-
tion, section 8, clause 18: 
The Congress shall have Power—To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof, 
Or Article One of the United States Constitu-
tion, Section 8, Clause 3: 
The Congress shall have Power—To regu-
late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 1516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1518. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 1520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 1521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 1522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 27: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 154: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 170: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 173: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 188: Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 232: Mr. M EADOWS and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 244: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 271: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 283: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 303: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 317: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 353: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 358: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 366: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 383: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 415: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 420: Mr. O LSON and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 430: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 448: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 456: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. W ITT-
MAN. 
H.R. 465: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 484: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 509: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 531: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 546: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 571: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 577: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 581: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 592: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 599: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 601: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Ms. 
KUSTER . 
H.R. 605: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
MULLIN . 
H.R. 606: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 625: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 628: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 649: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 650: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 685: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 696: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 706: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 711: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 721: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
CHABOT , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 727: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 742: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 745: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 751: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 766: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 775: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. P ETERS , and 
Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 784: Mr. K ILMER and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida. 
H.R. 814: Mr. R OSSand Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 815: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
WALDEN , and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 835: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C RAMER , and Mrs. 
CAPPS . H.R. 843: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 845: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 855: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. 
WELCH . 
H.R. 868: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. 
BOUSTANY . 
H.R. 869: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 879: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B ARR, Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 880: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 893: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K LINE, Ms. 
EDWARDS , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 913: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 918: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 919: Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 923: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 928: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 938: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 955: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 969: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. T IPTON , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE . 
H.R. 973: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. 
WHITFIELD . 
H.R. 985: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 989: Mr. T ONKO , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 1022: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. S CHRA -
DER. 
H.R. 1078: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 1088: Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
COOPER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. K USTER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. Y ARMUTH , and 
Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1103: Ms. B ASS, Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1105: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1112: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1117: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1132: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. 
HULTGREN . 
H.R. 1147: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 1149: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 1170: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1192: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa, and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1195: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ARR, and 
Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K IND, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 1218: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. M ATSUI , and 
Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.027 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1807 March 19, 2015 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 1267: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1269: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1274: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. S IRES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. 
MOORE . 
H.R. 1282: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1294: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 1301: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 1320: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1349: Mr. L AMBORN . 
H.R. 1354: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1358: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. 
ALLEN . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. P ETERS on and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 1389: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. H ILL, and Mrs. 
WAGNER . 
H.R. 1404: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. 
KILMER . 
H.R. 1411: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
and Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 1425: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 1433: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. 
VARGAS . 
H. J. Res. 22: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. J ONES . 
H. Con. Res. 23: Ms. K USTER , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. 
MENG, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
Ca´rdenas, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. S CHIFF , and 
Mrs. T ORRES . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 12: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. R UIZ, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H. Res. 54: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F ARR, Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. C RAMER , 
and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H. Res. 139: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H. Res. 151: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
ENGEL , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H. Res. 157: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 976: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR7.018 H19MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1637 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 19, 2015 No. 47 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of grace, glory, and power, the 
battle belongs to You. We are grateful that even though storms rage, we can continue to anchor our hopes in You. Forgive us for sometimes painting a caricature of the many because of the pathology of the few. 
Inspire our lawmakers to keep their 
eyes fixed on You. Imbue them with wisdom that they may know the road to take. Lord, rescue them from dan-ger, as You carve tunnels of hope through mountains of despair. 
Let the peace we seek in our world be 
first conceived in our own hearts. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 1191 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the Calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
throughout the Democratic filibuster of the antislavery legislation, this is basically what they have been telling us: We don’t read legislation we vote on. Even so, it was always a stretch to believe that not a single one—not one— of the 13 original Democratic cospon-sors of this bill, nor the many Demo-crats who voted for this bill in com-mittee, nor their well-educated staffs could not have been bothered to make it to page 4 before deciding to support it—well, support it at least until far- left lobbyists told them they could not support it anymore. 
So yesterday’s revelation that the 
Democratic side was indeed aware of the language in question could hardly have surprised anyone. It also makes clear that Democrats decided to yank their support for an antislavery bill for one simple reason: Because far-left lob-byists said they needed to—not because the American people said so. 
Nearly 70 percent of Americans sup-
port the kind of bipartisan provisions Democrats now claim they object to, and many Democrats have voted for similar bipartisan Hyde language many times before in both appropriations and authorizing legislation. They voted for it many times before in other bills, 
most recently just this past December. 
So our Democratic colleagues obvi-
ously lack a rationale for this contin-ued filibustering of the antislavery leg-
islation. If Democrats are truly sincere about wanting to move to an Attorney General vote as soon as possible, then they should consider some of the re-cent advice from the Chicago Tribune. 
Here is what the Tribune said. 
‘‘Democrats on the Judiciary Com-mittee have endorsed’’ the same bill they are now filibustering, the Tribune noted. So ‘‘all they have to do is allow a vote’’ on the same bill to move to an-other vote they claim to want to have. 
Yet, as the Tribune also noted, 
Democrats do not ‘‘want to go on the record against a bill aimed at com-bating the evils of human trafficking. So they are blocking a vote—yes, blocking a law to combat human traf-ficking—in hopes that they can get their way.’’ 
Here is how the editorial concluded— 
and this is the part our Democratic friends should listen to: ‘‘Democrats,. . . . vote to move forward with the human trafficking bill. Then the Sen-ate can get on with approving a new at-torney general. And Democrats can re-solve never again to vote for a bill they haven’t read.’’ 
Just resolve to never again vote for a 
bill you haven’t read. It seems pretty simple. Ignore the lobbyists and vote to give hope to the victims of slavery instead. That is the right thing to do, and today we will give our friends an-other chance to show where they stand in this debate over modern slavery. 
(The remarks of Mr. M
CCONNELL per-
taining to the introduction of S. 799 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
RUBIO). The Democratic leader is rec-
ognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.000 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1638 March 19, 2015 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in a few 
hours, the Senate will vote for a third time on whether to end debate on human trafficking. The result will be the same the third time as it was the second time and the first time, which indicates to me that this week was a waste of time. 
I indicated that the vote will fail, 
and it will fail because the debate is such that this is an important issue. We are determined to fix this bill, and we will fix it by removing the unre-lated abortion provision from the pages of this legislation. I hope we can do that soon. 
My friend the majority leader ref-
erenced reports that Democratic staff-ers should have—it should not have been plural—a Democratic staff mem-ber knew about the abortion provision prior to the legislation coming to the floor. Perhaps that is true, but I don’t really know how the abortion language got in the bill for sure. I think I know. But it got in the bill. I think I know who put it in there, but it really doesn’t matter. The fact of the matter is it is in the bill, and I am more con-cerned about getting the bill out. 
We have had some columnists make 
fun about the fact that we should have read the bill more closely. I will not go into a lot of detail, but page 4 of the original bill—the section to which a lot of people love to point—was elimi-nated. If you look at it, it is crossed out. 
If you go to page 50 or 51, it is stuck 
back in that part of the bill, and this is where the controversy gets pretty in-teresting. A Republican Senator who was responsible for this bill in the com-mittee sent out a notice to all Sen-ators, including Democrats, saying that we made some changes in the bill that passed last year—one, two, three, four, five, six changes that were made. The problem is he didn’t indicate that they put the abortion language back in. It was really misleading, as was in-dicated on the floor yesterday by Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN . 
We can go into why the language is 
in the bill. I have indicated I think I know who put it in and why they put it in. But they did put it in the bill. It is in the bill. We can have all of these ac-cusations about paper trails and why it is in the bill, but it is in the bill, and it needs to come out. 
Remember, Speaker B
OEHNER , who 
has good qualifications for being the protector of abortion rights, as seen by the Republicans, was able to pass a version of this legislation without the abortion language. No one can question B
OEHNER ’s qualifications for being 
anti-abortion. If they passed it in the House, why can’t we do the same thing here? 
Were the House Republicans wrong to 
pass the bill? I don’t think so. 
So before we embark upon a third 
iteration of the vote today, which is going to fail, I ask the Republican lead-ership: Are you interested in working 
toward a solution on this human traf-ficking legislation? If so, take this lan-guage out. 
My friend the Republican leader was 
talking about leftwing lobbyists. The leftwing lobbyists are women, who—as indicated on the floor yesterday by Senator F
EINSTEIN —are concerned 
about protecting their bodies and re-productive rights. They are interested in protecting themselves, as they should be, and they are protecting women all over America. 
So are they only interested in scor-
ing political points by forcing these show votes or are they interested in reaching a solution? If they are inter-ested in a solution, we are willing to work with them, but the abortion lan-guage is going to come out of this leg-islation. 
For the first time in the history of 
our country, we are now focused on not doing what has been done with the Hyde amendment for 30 years, and that is making sure there are no govern-ment taxpayer dollars spent for per-forming abortions. Now they have moved beyond that to private funding. It is wrong and we are not going to go there. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 178, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the vic-
tims of trafficking. 
Pending: 
Portman amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services sys-tems to improve the identification and as-sessment of child victims of sex trafficking. 
Portman amendment No. 271, to amend the 
definition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth. 
Vitter amendment No. 284 (to amendment 
No. 271), to amend section 301 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to address a very se-rious accusation leveled yesterday 
against Republican Members of this body by the Democratic whip, the Sen-ator from Illinois. I do so with some re-gret. The Senator from Illinois and I have been friends for many years. We served in the House together and here in this body, and we have worked to-gether. That is why I was so surprised and disappointed in the comments he made yesterday on the floor of the Sen-ate—comments that are totally inap-propriate to be made on the floor of the Senate. 
My colleague from Illinois said: 
The Republican majority leader announced 
. . . that he was going to hold this nomina-tion of Loretta Lynch until the bill which is pending before the Senate passes, whenever that may be. 
Then he went on to say: 
So Loretta Lynch, the first African-Amer-
ican woman nominated to be Attorney Gen-eral, is asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar. That is unfair. It is unjust. It is beneath the deco-rum and dignity of the U.S. Senate. 
What is beneath the decorum and 
dignity of the U.S. Senate, I would say to the Senator from Illinois, is for him to come to this floor and use that im-agery and suggest that racist tactics are being employed to delay Ms. Lynch’s confirmation vote. Such in-flammatory rhetoric has no place in this body and serves no purpose other than to further divide us. 
Perhaps my colleagues, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois in particular, need to be reminded of their own record when it comes to the treatment of African- American women whose nominations were before this body. In 2003, Janice Rogers Brown—an African American— was nominated to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia—a court that had never in-cluded an African-American woman judge. The Senator from Illinois voted to filibuster her nomination in 2003 and again in 2005. When she was finally con-
firmed, after waiting 684 days, the Sen-ator from Illinois voted against the historic nomination. I would never sug-gest—even with veiled rhetoric—that Judge Rogers Brown’s race was the rea-son for the opposition to her nomina-tion by the Senator from Illinois. And he should extend, I say to my colleague from Illinois, that same courtesy to me and my colleagues. 
I would also like to remind the Sen-
ator from Illinois about how we were able to fill vacancies in the U.S. Dis-trict Court of Arizona last year—effec-tively alleviating a judicial emergency. With tremendous bipartisan support of the nomination of Senator F
LAKE and 
myself, we confirmed a diverse and his-toric slate of six nominees which in-cluded an Hispanic, an African Amer-ican, and the first Native American woman ever to serve on the Federal bench. But their race had nothing to do with their successful confirmations, just as the race of Ms. Lynch should have no impact on her consideration in this body. Those six judges were ap-proved by this body because each of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.002 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1639 March 19, 2015 
them had shown a commitment to jus-
tice, public service, and the people of Arizona. Each had also demonstrated the judicial temperament and the pro-fessional demeanor necessary to serve with integrity. 
I further point out to the Senator 
from Illinois that at no time has the majority leader ever indicated that he would not bring the Lynch nomination to the floor; in fact, the opposite is true. We have made it very clear time and again that we will consider the Lynch nomination once we have dis-posed of the bipartisan trafficking bill. Had the Senator from Illinois and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle not filibustered this bill over a manu-factured crisis, we could have consid-ered the Lynch nomination this week. They chose otherwise. 
I deeply regret that the Senator from 
Illinois chose to come to the floor yes-terday and question the integrity and motivation of myself and my Repub-lican colleagues. It was offensive and unnecessary. I think he owes this body, Ms. Lynch, and all Americans, an apol-ogy. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I am 
glad I heard the comments of my col-league firsthand and I wish to respond to them directly. 
As of today, Loretta Lynch, who is 
the President’s nominee for Attorney General, has had her nomination pend-ing before the U.S. Senate for 131 days. How does that compare to previous nominees for Attorney General? It is three times longer than the period of time that Attorney General Ashcroft was pending before the U.S. Senate, 2
1⁄2 
times longer than the time taken to confirm Attorney General Mukasey, and twice as long as the time taken to confirm Attorney General Holder. 
Why? In some cases, these nominees 
had questions that were raised by Members of the Senate—questions about their political views, their back-ground; legitimate questions requiring time to answer. 
I sat in the Senate Judiciary Com-
mittee hearing for this nominee, Loret-ta Lynch. There were no questions raised of any nature, of any kind, ques-tioning her ability to serve as Attorney General. None. 
When my colleague from Arizona 
notes the fact that I have voted against African-American women nominees in the past, it is true. I am not arguing that every Member of the Senate should vote for Loretta Lynch simply because she would be the first African- American woman to serve in that ca-pacity. All I am saying is she deserves the same fair treatment we have given to other nominees for this job. 
She has now been pending before the 
Senate longer than any nominee for Attorney General in the last 30 years. She has been on the calendar now—on the calendar waiting for a vote—for a longer period of time than the last five nominees for Attorney General com-
bined. Why? It has nothing to do with her qualifications for the job, which are the very best. 
Why in the world are we taking this 
important post—Attorney General of the United States of America—why are we taking this important civil rights moment, when the first African-Amer-ican woman in history is being given an opportunity to serve, and entan-gling it in the politics of the Senate? 
A week ago, the majority leader, 
Senator M
CCONNELL , said right outside 
this Chamber he was going to call her nomination this week. We breathed a sigh of relief; she has been waiting so long. Then, over the last weekend, he announced she wouldn’t be called until a bill pending on the floor is passed. 
Yes, I am upset and frustrated on her 
behalf to think that she is being treat-ed in this manner. I am not going to use any pejorative terms other than to say I believe it is insensitive for the Senate to hold her up for such a lengthy period of time with no objec-tion to this woman’s character, fitness, and ability to continue to serve the United States. 
She has served. She is currently in a 
position as a U.S. attorney in New York. She has the support of the fol-lowing organizations: the National Dis-trict Attorneys Association, the Fed-eral Law Enforcement Officers Associa-tion, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, the FBI Agents Association, and a long list of Republican- and Democratic-appointed former U.S. attorneys, including Pat-rick Fitzgerald and Scott Lassar from the Northern District of Illinois. She has the support of former FBI Director Louis Freeh and former Deputy Attor-ney General Larry Thompson from the George W. Bush administration. 
Under ordinary circumstances, this 
would have been an easy ask for the President to bring a person of this quality to the Senate for confirmation. She had three votes supporting her on the Judiciary Committee from the Re-publican side. I don’t understand the objections of the others, but I respect whatever their reasoning. 
All I am asking for—all the President 
is asking for and all the Senate is ask-ing for—is a vote. Bring her off the pages of the calendar, before the Sen-ate, for a vote. Don’t make it contin-gent on some bill or some political agreement in the future. Let this 
woman, who has led such an extraor-dinary life, have her chance to con-tinue to serve the United States of America. That, to me, is only fair and only just and would be in keeping with the traditions of the Senate to follow. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the time during the quorum call be divided equally between both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we find 
ourselves in the unusual posture of being stuck on a piece of legislation that had 12 Democratic cosponsors and was supported unanimously by all Re-publicans and all Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and which uncharacteristically was brought to the floor without having to jump through the regular procedural hoops that legislation usually has to jump through that requires consent by all 100 Senators. 
So when you think about combating 
human trafficking and particularly the targeting of 12- and 14-year-old girls who are of the typical ages and gender of the people who are victims of human trafficking, you would think that if there is anything that ought to be able to avoid the partisan wars here in Washington, DC, and the divisions that seem to separate us, it ought to be the subject of human trafficking. Well, I guess to say I was disappointed is an understatement. But I am determined to keep our focus on the victims of human trafficking, the people this would help rescue and help heal and get on with their lives. Yes, I am also de-termined to make sure we can dem-onstrate that we can function, some-thing I thought Senators wanted to do. 
After this last election there were a 
number of people who said: Gee, we would really like to change the Senate to restore its reputation as the world’s greatest deliberative body, where we actually treasured and valued solutions more than we did scoring partisan po-litical points. 
I come here today in the spirit of try-
ing to offer a solution that will help us get unstuck from where we have found ourselves. I see my friend, the Senator from Maine, who has been working tirelessly to try to help us get unstuck, and perhaps this will help. 
Just to recap: The way this bill was 
structured is it would deal with the de-mand side of human trafficking; in other words, it would take the fines and penalties from the people who pur-chased these services and it would cre-ate a crime victims compensation fund, which in essence would be used to help provide the money to faith-based and other organizations that help rescue and help heal these victims of human trafficking. Then we heard from some of our colleagues on the other side that they wanted to change the way this was structured so that it was subject to the routine appropriations process and didn’t enlarge the way the traditional limitations on appropriations were treated under the so-called Hyde amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.004 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1640 March 19, 2015 
Just to refresh everybody’s memory: 
Since 1976, all funding, all appropria-tions bills, and many authorization bills, including the Affordable Care Act and the Defense authorization bills, have been subjected to a limitation on the use of tax dollars for abortions ex-cept in the case of rape and in the cases where a physician certifies the health of the mother is at stake. The bill we introduced that was passed out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously and has 12 Democratic cosponsors has a ref-erence to an appropriations bill that had that same limitation. The idea was that we wouldn’t try to change the sta-tus quo; we would try to maintain the 
status quo which has existed for 39 years. But then some of our colleagues on the other side said, when offered an opportunity to vote on an amendment stripping that language out, they would not even vote. They wanted to obstruct and filibuster this legislation instead. 
I, for one, am more interested in get-
ting to a solution than I am engaging in this partisan point scoring. I believe there is a sufficient number of Mem-bers of the Senate who are sick and tired of the dysfunction and who don’t want to be distracted by the politics but want to focus on how to help those 100,000 victims of human sex traf-ficking who are estimated to exist on an annual basis. 
What I have come to the floor to do 
is to say let’s make this fund subject to the annual appropriations process that will preserve the money for the victims and it cannot be used for any other purpose, but it will be subject to the Appropriations Committee and the usual riders that have existed for 39 years. It won’t represent an expansion of the Hyde amendment, as some of our colleagues have expressed concerns about. It would, basically, again, main-tain the status quo. 
I came to the floor yesterday and my 
friend, the Senator from California, was here. I pointed out that not only did she cosponsor this legislation, she voted for it in the Judiciary Com-mittee. But she now feels so strongly— and I know it is a matter of good faith and true conviction for her, but she feels like this is the place where we ought to fight this fight—we ought to relitigate the scope of the Hyde amend-ment. I don’t think we have to do that. I am proudly pro-life and I believe the Hyde amendment represents one little island of consensus in the wars over abortion that we have. That is why for 39 years we have had a limitation on tax dollars. Indeed, fines paid into this fund would be public dollars. It wouldn’t be generated from revenue, but it is not private money; once they are paid into this fund they are public dollars under my proposal, subject to appropriation on an annual basis by the Appropriations Committee. So now the money will flow from the victims fund through the relevant appropria-tions bills. It will be preserved for the victims and cannot be used for any other purpose, and all spending limita-
tions that have routinely applied to those bills would apply to these funds as well. 
So the question is, Can our friends 
who have been obstructing and filibus-tering this legislation take yes for an answer? Can they take yes for an an-swer? I think this will also be very re-vealing, because we will find out whether people are actually interested in a solution or are they trying to shut down the Senate and prevent us from functioning on anything. As I said be-fore, if we can’t get the yes on an antitrafficking bill, Heaven help us on issues where there is not consensus, where there are genuine policy dif-ferences. 
I believe we can do exactly, for exam-
ple, what Senator L
EAHY , the ranking 
member of the Judiciary Committee, asked for on the floor on March 10. He said ‘‘but let’s have it on things it should be on—appropriations bills.’’ So I would say yes, my proposal would give what Senator L
EAHY asked for. 
Then the minority whip, Senator 
DURBIN , the Senator from Illinois, said 
on March 16: 
Henry Hyde authored the Hyde amendment 
that said no Federal funds should be used to pay for abortion procedures except in very limited circumstances: rape, incest, and life of the mother. That has been put in appro-priations bills every year since—without question, without challenge. 
That was stated by the minority 
whip, Senator D URBIN from Illinois. My 
proposal would facilitate exactly what he is arguing for. Can he say yes, take yes for an answer? 
The minority leader, Senator R
EID, 
said on the 11th: I served in the House of Representatives with Henry Hyde; a very fine man. He has had his name af-fixed to an anti-abortion bill, anti- abortion legislation for almost three decades. And it’s been continued year after year in appropriations bills. 
That was spoken by Senator R
EID, 
the Democratic leader. 
As I pointed out, what has perplexed 
me so much about all of this is that our Democratic friends have routinely voted for appropriations bills that con-tain the same restriction. When it was said, well, now you are extending it to an authorization bill, I pointed out that they voted for this very similar restriction in the Affordable Care Act and the Defense authorization bill, so that argument doesn’t hold water; but I am giving them a chance to say yes, and, in essence, trying to find a way to break this impasse that has existed now for the last couple of weeks. 
So that is the question. Now that we 
have made a proposal to them to give them what they have asked for and still preserve the 39-year limitation on the use of public dollars for abortion, can they take yes for an answer? I can’t wait to hear what their response is to that proposal. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, let me 
first commend the senior Senator from Texas for his efforts to work out a compromise that I hope will allow this bill to go forward. Senator H
EITKAMP  
and I also have been working with the senior Senator from Texas to try to come up with a solution that is similar to what he has outlined, and we will have more to say about that after the vote. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be permitted to proceed as in morning business for the purpose of a bill introduction, unless someone else is seeking the floor to speak on this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
(The remarks of Ms. C
OLLINS per-
taining to the introduction of S. 804 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
the distinguished senior Senator from Maine, my neighbor in New England. 
We actually still have some debates 
on this floor. We had an important one yesterday. Someone called it a ‘‘C– SPAN moment.’’ It was a focused and memorable discussion of a significant issue now before the Senate. It was an honest discussion about what is at stake in the debate we are having right now. The core question is how we are going to support the survivors, in what every Senator agrees is a heinous and deplorable crime. 
Late yesterday, Senator F
EINSTEIN  
spoke with powerful clarity about why the Hyde amendment has no place in what we are trying to do here, particu-larly when this legislation we are de-bating does not involve taxpayer funds. The Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund included in S. 178 is funded by a special assessment fine collected from convicted sex traffickers. It is intended to help survivors rebuild their lives. 
Now, whether taxpayer dollars 
should be used to ensure the full range of health care options available to this very vulnerable population is an impor-tant debate. We will have that another day. But the application of the Hyde amendment when zero taxpayer dollars are involved is unprecedented. It rep-resents a very significant change in Federal policy. 
When asked why the Hyde amend-
ment has resulted in such an outcry, Senator F
EINSTEIN said simply but 
powerfully: 
Because of what this legislation is. This 
legislation is about the raping . . . of young girls. 
Senator F EINSTEIN is right. I encour-
age everyone to go back and watch her moving remarks that got right to the heart of this debate. 
These are children who have been 
bought and sold like animals. They have had every choice taken away from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.005 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1641 March 19, 2015 
them. Now, if they survive, if they es-
cape, we should not put limits on what health services they can seek. I stand with the survivors of these crimes. I stand with Senator F
EINSTEIN . 
This is a line we should not cross. 
Human trafficking victims are often not treated as rape victims. Too often these young girls are treated as pros-titutes, even though they had no choice in it. That is a fact we are try-ing to change, but we cannot ignore the reality that many of these girls are put through our juvenile justice sys-tem and prosecuted as criminals, rath-er than treated as victims. 
It is easy for some to claim that 
there is a so-called ‘‘rape exception’’ to the Hyde restriction but the reality is that for the survivors of this terrible crime, the rape exception feels more like an overwhelming bureaucracy. In many States, victims are forced to jump through hoop after hoop to qual-ify for the exception. They have to ob-tain police reports or certifications from State agencies. They have to re-live the details of their trauma again and again. One State even requires the Governor to approve any exception. Another State refuses to recognize the rape exception at all. 
The easiest, most appropriate solu-
tion here is to simply remove the Hyde restriction so that survivors can make their own health care decisions. That is what the survivors are asking us to do. That is what the professionals who work with human trafficking survivors are asking us to do. 
Yesterday, my friend, the senior Sen-
ator from Texas, argued that the inclu-sion of the language was routine, that this does not change the status quo at all. Well that is simply not accurate. The Hyde amendment is about keeping taxpayer dollars out of the abortion de-bate. We may have different opinions on the issue, but that is not what we are talking about here. 
The money at issue in this bill is not 
taxpayer dollars, it is money collected from sex traffickers. The bottom line is that the offender-financed fund created in this bill relies on zero taxpayer dol-lars. 
So if you want to maintain current 
practice, you have to remove this pro-vision. The House bill, that passed unanimously almost 2 months ago, does not contain this expansion of the Hyde amendment’s reach. It does not apply the Hyde amendment to nontax-payer dollars. If Speaker B
OEHNER  
could find a way to bring the House to-gether and pass this bill without in-jecting abortion politics into the dis-cussion, then why can’t we do that in the Senate? 
Senator F
EINSTEIN is right. We have 
amendments we need to consider if we can simply get past this stalemate, but she is also right that the issue at stake is too important to turn our back on. This is not a provision we can just ig-nore and dismiss as the status quo. But I believe, as Senator F
EINSTEIN and 
others have said, we can find a path forward. The path forward should not 
be one that expands restrictions on the health care choices of human traf-ficking survivors. 
These survivors—many are 12 or 13 
years old—let’s not put further hurdles in front of them. Let’s not push for a political agenda on either side. The Hyde amendment will appear on tax-payer-funded matters, as it usually does. That is one thing the Appropria-tions Committee will face. We are not talking about taxpayer dollars here. We are not talking about taxpayer dol-lars. 
This would be like reaching into a 
State and saying: Oh, by the way, you 
have people who have raised money for a particular organization, not taxpayer dollars, but we in Congress are going to restrict what you can use that money for. Well, we do not do that. The reason we do not do it is because our involve-ment is with taxpayer dollars. If we want to go and appropriate money in this area, that is the time to bring up the issue. 
The Appropriations Committee—I 
have served on that Committee for al-most 40 years—we handle that issue there, but not here. 
What is the pending parliamentary 
situation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is on consideration of S. 178, with the time until 12 noon equally divided between the two leaders or their des-ignees. 
Mr. LEAHY. Is there a vote sched-
uled? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At 12 
noon. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to yield back all time and ask unanimous consent that the vote begin now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, James Lankford, David Vitter, Richard Burr, Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, Mike Rounds, James E. Risch, Daniel Coats, James M. Inhofe, Shelley Moore Capito, Mark Kirk, Cory Gardner, Thom Tillis. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the committee- reported substitute amendment to S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 75 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 56, the nays are 42. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom 
Cotton, James Lankford, David Vitter, Richard Burr, Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, Pat Roberts, Mike Rounds, James E. Risch, Daniel Coats, James M. Inhofe, Shelley Moore Capito, Mark Kirk, Cory Gardner, Thom Tillis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.012 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1642 March 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 76 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 56, the nays are 42. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I wish 
to speak about the bill that I would have thought a few days ago would have passed by now—the bill before the Senate and the bill that addresses this topic of modern-day slavery. This bill came out of the Judiciary Committee in a unanimous fashion before it came to the Senate floor. Then, there was no dissent; we agreed we should get right to the bill and pass it. 
I am pleased to cosponsor the Vic-
tims for Justice of Trafficking Act, which includes sexual trafficking and labor trafficking. This bill would help innocent victims of trafficking by cre-ating grants for State and local gov-ernments to develop comprehensive systems to address these problems in every State, we are told, and certainly in almost every city—if not every city—where this is a problem. 
This bill allows law enforcement to 
deal with the problem by giving them the tools they need to hold the people accountable who are forcing these vio-lent crimes and violent living condi-tions and the abuse of people’s dignity in so many ways on others. Apparently, approximately 100,000 American chil-dren each year are victims of commer-cial sex and child prostitution and child trafficking, according to the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Children. It is like so many numbers that we think of. I would encourage ev-erybody to think of any city they can think of that has 100,000 people. Most of us would see that as a big commu-nity and a lot of people—100,000 chil-dren every year—100,000 children every year, not every decade or every cen-tury—every year, in the United States of America, not all over the world. 
I would guess most Americans would 
assume if this is a problem, it has to be a bigger problem in any other country, but 100,000 children here among us are victims of this tragedy. 
The Justice Department says there 
are more human trafficking cases pros-ecuted by Federal attorneys in Mis-souri’s Western District, the district where the U.S. Attorney’s office is in Kansas City, MO, than anywhere else in the country. I hope that means the people in the Western District of Mis-souri who run that office are doing an extraordinary job, but I think it would be foolish for me to think that this isn’t also an extraordinary problem. My house in Springfield, MO, is in that district, as are Springfield, Joplin, and Kansas City. These are places one wouldn’t think, what is the No. 1 pros-titution area for victims of human trafficking in the country? The West-ern District of Missouri. 
St. Louis, MO, is also one of the top 
20 cities, we are told, for human traf-ficking, according to the Department of Justice. These are bad statistics, as every single statistic any of us could look at in our State could be. Of course, one case of human trafficking is one case too many, but we are not, 
unfortunately, just talking about one case; we are talking about lots of cases. 
Earlier this month the FBI arrested a 
person in my State who was charged 
with transporting a minor across State lines with the intent to engage in pros-titution. The FBI reported the man in-volved was physically abusive, verbally abusive, emotionally abusive, and sexu-ally abusive to this young person he was using for himself and offering to others. This modern-day slavery should not be allowed to continue. 
The bill that is before the Senate 
right now, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, has been endorsed by 200 different advocacy groups, includ-ing the NAACP, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Ex-odus Cry, a Grandview, MO, group, Rights4Girls, the National Association to Protect Children, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the National Con-ference of State Legislatures. We can’t vote on it here on the Senate floor? We can’t get this bill on the President’s desk? Why is that? 
Why again today did the minority 
refuse to provide the votes we needed to get from where we are to 60? We did have a few Members from that side join us this week, but we are still short. 
Let’s deal with this problem. They 
say it is because there is a section of the bill that deals with the Hyde amendment. OK, the Hyde amendment has been around now for part of four decades. What does the Hyde amend-ment do? It bans taxpayer-provided abortions. 
One of the things we have done in 
this country is to say because there is vast disagreement on this—we under-stand there is vast disagreement. Sure-ly we are not going to take money from some taxpayers who are totally opposed to this and use it to pay for something they are totally opposed to. There is a provision in this bill. It was there when the bill was voted out of committee. It was there when every-body voted to move to the bill. Sud-denly, it is a provision that nobody was aware of before. In fact, in committee, there was at least one amendment that amended the sentence right below this sentence. So are we not doing our job? Are we not reading these bills, or, are we just looking for a reason not to get anything done? Surely the Senate in the last half dozen years has proven to the country that the Senate can be dysfunctional. Surely we don’t need to continue to make that case. 
So let’s get to work. Let’s get down 
to business. Let’s look at what needs to be done here. Let’s see what we could do to set an example for the world. Frankly, there were colleagues who had amendments that could have been at least debated that would have talked about what could be done to carry this beyond our borders to deal with this modern-day slavery—whether for labor or for sex—in ways this issue should be dealt with. 
I would love to see the President step 
forward and encourage the leaders of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:02 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.007 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1643 March 19, 2015 
his party to get together and get the 
votes needed to pass this. Let’s move to a conclusion and put this on the President’s desk. I think without the language that some people now sud-denly find objectionable, this bill wouldn’t pass the House. But the bill will pass the House as reported out of committee, if the Senate would pass it, and it would be on the President’s desk. There is nothing new here. 
I hope we get this done. I think peo-
ple are ready to see the Senate work. Let’s get this done. 
Let’s get on with a budget for the 
first time in 7 years, if we could join with the House of Representatives and say, OK, let’s present a plan to the country of how we are going to get back to a balanced budget and what our priorities are. 
But one of our priorities should be to 
end the nightmare for victims of human trafficking, and we can’t do that unless we face reality and get on this bill. 
LETTER ON IRAN NEGOTIATIONS  
Also, Madam President, while I am 
here, I want to talk a little bit about the letter I signed along with Senator C
OTTON and 45 others a few days ago. I 
thought the interesting thing about that letter is that the letter was essen-tially addressed to the Foreign Min-ister of Iran but released to every newspaper in America. In many ways it was an idea that is important that the American people understand. 
I am sure the Iranian Foreign Min-
ister, by the way, already understood it. If one had any interest in reading the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD or watch-
ing C–SPAN or reading any newspaper in the last 6 months, you would have seen that the Senate was very con-cerned in a bipartisan way that the President was negotiating an agree-ment with another country and was re-fusing to come to the Senate and ask for the approval that the Constitution anticipates should be there. 
I was surprised by the Iranian For-
eign Minister’s response, which was: Well, really, when you are dealing with this kind of situation, it is inter-national laws that prevail. The laws of any individual country don’t matter. Well, we all take an oath when we are sworn in to the Senate that the law and the Constitution of the United States do matter and it is our job to uphold and defend the law and the Con-stitution of the United States. There was nothing I saw that suggested the Iranian Foreign Minister or anybody else should interpret that for me. The Constitution is pretty clear, by the way, that there is an advise-and-con-sent responsibility. Frankly, advise means to talk to the Senate while you are negotiating. 
I read somewhere the other day that, 
well, it is so presumptuous for the Sen-ate to want to give advice to the Presi-dent before he has negotiated an agree-ment. Well, the Constitution says that we are in a position to do that. The traditions of the country say if the President doesn’t keep at least the 
right people in the Senate informed— the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, the minority senior person of that committee, the chairman of the defense committee, the Armed Services Committee—if they aren’t kept in-formed, you are not going to bring peo-ple along as you should. That is obvi-
ously part of trying to make the gov-ernment work. 
No matter what the President 
thinks, the Senate is not just an incon-venience; the Congress is not just an inconvenience. There is a reason for these branches of government. 
Actually, in another interesting re-
sponse, the Secretary of State said: Well, obviously this agreement is not binding on anybody but the person who signs it. That is what I have been say-ing for about a year, but it was inter-esting that it took this letter for the Secretary of State to say that. This agreement really doesn’t bind anybody. If the President signs this agreement, it is an agreement, not a treaty. What does that mean? It means if it is not a treaty, then the government of the United States hasn’t agreed to it. Only the President of the United States has agreed to it. President after President have brought agreements about nu-clear weapons to the Senate—the START treaty, all the treaties which were approved by the Senate. It would have been unthinkable just a few years ago that one would even think about committing our country to something that involves nuclear weapons poten-tial and not involve the U.S. Senate. 
So I think getting these issues on the 
table is a good thing. Frankly, I think a nuclear-weapons-capable Iran is the most destabilizing thing that could happen in the world today. Not only our great ally and friends in Israel, but countries all over the Middle East will immediately be concerned. Countries within reach of those potential future weapons in Europe and other places would soon be concerned. We are head-ed down a bad path here, negotiating not that Iran will never be allowed to have nuclear weapons but apparently negotiating how long it will be from the moment they start until they can have the enriched material it would take to have a nuclear weapon. 
There are many countries in the 
world today that have nuclear power that don’t enrich in a way that would allow them to ever have a nuclear weapon. Iran, if it wanted to, could have added itself easily to that list. Iran, one of the most energy-rich places in the world, could easily have added itself to that list, if it wanted to add to all that nuclear energy power. I think it is obvious the shadow that Iran would like to cast over the next decade in the region they are already dominating in a handful of capitals is a shadow of nuclear weapons capability. The United States should be very con-cerned, and this discussion at the high-est levels is the right kind of discus-sion for the country to be having. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President and col-
leagues, in my professional life I al-ways considered myself to be a num-bers guy. As I have sat back and lis-tened to the debate over these past 17 days since the Justice for Victims of Human Trafficking Act was reported out of the Judiciary Committee, I de-cided I would maybe try a different take on the numbers we should be con-cerned about. 
As I said, it has been 17 days since 
the bill we are considering came out of the Judiciary Committee—56 days since the bill was first introduced on January 13th. Now, some of my col-leagues on the other side have said that somehow between when the bill was introduced on January 13th and when it was reported out of Committee on March 10th, there was a provision placed in the bill that they were not made aware of. This is simply not the case. My colleagues had days to review this bill, but unfortunately, some of them are in the habit of passing some-thing and then finding out later what they were actually voting for. 
It has been 39 years since the Hyde 
language we are currently discussing was first passed into law. It was so long ago I was even young—16 years old. The Hyde language was first enacted in 1976, and since then, has become known, well-settled law. Obviously, this is not some sort of new concept. It is language that everybody who is in this body—and every staffer who has served somebody in this body—should know about. 
Now, with the Hyde amendment 
being around for some four decades, I was trying to figure out: Well, maybe we are talking about Members who are familiar with the Hyde language, but never voted for it. 
So I decided to go back to my num-
bers and take a look at the voting his-tory of the Senators in this Chamber today, many of whom—all of whom, ac-tually—on this graphic are now pre-venting this very important human trafficking legislation from moving forward. 
The minority leader has voted in sup-
port of the Hyde amendment 14 times, and all these other Senators on my chart at least a dozen times, with the exception of Senator B
OXER who has 
voted in support of the Hyde language 10 times. Senator B
OXER stood on the 
floor last week and said it was offen-sive language. However, Senator B
OXER  
has voted for this language 10 times, most recently this past December when they passed the fiscal year 2015 omni-bus bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.010 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1644 March 19, 2015 
So one wonders what they are really 
trying to accomplish here. I hear them. My Democrat colleagues are very sym-pathetic to the content of the bill. I hear them say that human trafficking is horrible, and we need to do some-thing about it. But their words do not fit their actions. Their words say we ought to move forward and end these horrible situations—and I will talk a little bit more about those numbers later—but their actions are just burn-ing time in this body preventing us from moving on to the many other im-portant things we need to address— such as our national security, our eco-nomic security, and our energy secu-rity. But no, we have spent 17 days on a bill that my colleagues in the Demo-cratic caucus say we should act on, but are at the same time impeding the process. 
Now, as confusing as these numbers 
are, as confusing as it is to hear so many Senators say that this language is offensive and needs to be taken out— despite the fact that they have regu-larly voted for it in the past—the very sad result of their actions are what we are not getting done, and that is get-ting the human trafficking bill passed so we can end the horrible conditions that are imposed on the many people who are enslaved on a daily basis. 
I’m going to give my colleagues a 
couple of numbers to think about. The State Department and other agencies estimate that there are 600,000 to 800,000 people trafficked across global borders each year. That is about 1,600 to 2,200 boys, girls, men, and women being enslaved every single day in this world. 
Now, in our country, it is estimated 
that 17,500 people are trafficked across our borders into the U.S. sex trade every year and that there are about 100,000 people already here. 
Think about that in terms of the 
numbers. Every day that goes by, there are another 50 victims from overseas trafficked into the U.S. for sex trade— every single day another 50 people. 
This week, we have had five votes on 
this bill. This means, another 250 young girls, young boys, women, and men will have been trafficked into our country for sex trade. 
This is a good bill, and it works to 
stop the growth of human trafficking and free those who are currently enslaved. 
Colleagues, I am a freshman. I have 
been here fewer than 70 days. When I read the human trafficking bill, I knew that the Hyde amendment was in it. Anybody who is doing their job in the Senate should have been able to figure that out. 
So it raises a very interesting ques-
tion—how could we come out of the Ju-diciary Committee, which I serve on, with a unanimous vote? As a matter of fact, there are 12 Democrat cosponsors of this bill. Certainly, those Members 
of the Democratic Caucus read the bill and their staffs had time to read the bill in the months that the language has been public. So, colleagues, I wonder if it is really 
about the human trafficking bill and the language or if it is about a strategy just to slow the process down, but what I think is so sad is the human con-sequences of this inaction, and we need to move forward. 
I just came from the Senate steps to 
take a picture with about 100 students from my great State of North Carolina. 
While I had time before the photog-
rapher arrived to let them ask me few questions, I said: I am going to have to go to the Senate floor soon and speak. They said: What are you going to speak on? 
I was really at a loss for words. I was 
wondering how I was going to tell them I am trying to help pass legislation that makes them safer, but we are hav-ing a petty fight in the Senate over process. 
So I really ask Members of the Demo-
cratic caucus to look into their hearts and to understand the human tragedy this legislation is attempting to cor-rect and join with us to pass this bill and move on to the many other things we need to do for this great Nation. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we have 
had a lot of discussion regarding the pending bill. I thought again I would emphasize what Senator F
EINSTEIN said 
earlier, which was so good, and I hope people will listen to her words. I would just follow on to that to say my good friend—and he is my friend—the distin-guished senior Senator from Texas has suggested that we make the funds col-lected from traffickers subject to the appropriations process to get around this impasse, but that does not solve the problem. 
The pending legislation came out of 
the Senate Judiciary Committee, an authorizing committee that does not appropriate funds. We should be telling appropriators that we believe services to trafficking victims are important by authorizing funds. As the most senior member of that Appropriations Com-mittee I can tell you that this is an im-portant process that results in real money for victim services. 
It is a process that works well. Under 
Democratic leadership of the Senate Appropriations Committee, total ap-propriations for trafficking victims’ services more than doubled from $28.1 million in FY2014 to $58.1 million for FY2015. 
Senator C
ORNYN ’s proposal to simply 
funnel fees collected from traffickers through the appropriations process still presents the same problem—this is not taxpayer money, and subjecting it to the Hyde amendment would expand the amendment’s reach to an offender- 
financed fund meant for women and children who should have all options available to them when it comes to health services after being sexually ex-ploited. 
I would quote what the House Repub-
lican author of this bill, Congressman P
OE, said today: 
We passed a bill. The Senate should take it 
up and pass it. 
That could be done immediately. I 
don’t think there would be anybody trying to block it. The Republican House of Representatives passed this bill unanimously. We could take up and pass it, and not waste 2 weeks of hav-ing this dance on the floor, vote after vote, which both sides know isn’t going anywhere. The easiest and best thing 
to do is to remove the Hyde restriction so survivors can make their own health care decisions. 
I will not do it again today, but I put 
into the R
ECORD letters and statements 
from hundreds of people—survivors’ or-ganizations and the people they rep-resent—and they have said: Let us make our own health care decisions. 
Now, to argue what my friend from 
Texas says, that the inclusion of this language is routine and it does not change the status quo at all, is not ac-curate. In fact, that is probably why, I suspect, a majority of the Members of the House of Representatives—who support the Hyde amendment—did not include it in the House version of the bill. The Hyde amendment is about keeping taxpayer dollars out of the abortion debate. Now, we can have dif-ferent opinions on the issue, but that is not what we are talking about here. The money at issue in this bill is col-lected from sex traffickers. 
The bottom line is the offender-fi-
nanced funds raised in this bill rely on zero taxpayer dollars. Maintaining the current practice, if that is what you want to do, means removing the provi-sion. Maybe we ought to listen to some of the leadership on the Appropriations Committee and how they feel about this. They are not the ones asking to do this. The Appropriations Committee is not asking us to turn them into some kind of a superauthorizing com-mittee, and we should not put them in that position. 
I hope cooler heads will prevail and 
come together on this. I think it will be very easy for both sides who do want to stop sex trafficking to come to-gether, and pass this bill. 
Then, let us also take the steps to 
correct what has been a shameful posi-tion in the U.S. Senate and confirm Lo-retta Lynch as Attorney General. She has waited on the floor much longer than the four men who preceded her put together. This woman has waited longer than those four men before her put together, and yet everybody ap-plauds her as a superb prosecutor. We talk about sex trafficking, and she is about the only person we have seen in here as a nominee who has actually prosecuted sex traffickers. Let’s get on with the job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.014 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1645 March 19, 2015 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I saw on 
television my friend from Vermont, the ranking member of the Senate Judici-ary Committee, talking about the vir-tues of the House human trafficking bill, and I thought it would be worth-while for Members and whoever else is listening to understand the difference between the two bills. 
First of all, our bill, the one that is 
being filibustered by our Democratic colleagues—I should say, all but four of them—contains a $30 million fund that is financed through criminal funds. This is analogous to a crime victims compensation fund. For example, when I was attorney general of Texas, we ad-ministered one, and we were able to make grants to various organizations. That is what this $30 million fund would be. The bill on the House side ac-tually has no fund. It is an authoriza-tion. It is a $5 million authorization. It 
has no money. It has no mechanism to generate funds like ours does. 
Our bill contains language increasing 
restitution for trafficking victims by using criminal assets to satisfy these needs and allowing law enforcement to pay witness-assistance award money to victims. 
The bill in the House does nothing. In 
other words, we have an asset-for-feiture provision in our bill to take the people who profit from human traf-ficking and to forfeit those funds and use that to add to the fines and use that money to help rescue and heal the victims. The House bill has nothing in it in that regard. 
Our bill requires law enforcement 
agencies to file regular reports of human trafficking case totals as part of the Uniform Crime Reporting Pro-gram. That is important because so much of the human trafficking damage is never reported to law enforcement. 
First of all, many victims of human 
trafficking are children who may or may not actually consider themselves victims. They may be runaways. They may find some adult who has taken them under their wing, only to turn them out on the streets as prostitutes and the like. They may not actually consider themselves victims, at least initially, which they are. 
Our bill would make sure the statis-
tics and reports of human trafficking totals are reported in the Uniform Crime Reporting Program so we would actually have a better objective record about the number of cases and so peo-ple could appreciate the severity of this problem. The bill in the House has nothing in that regard. 
Next, our bill clarifies that child por-
nography producers are engaged in commercial sex acts. The bill on the 
House side does nothing in that regard. 
Our bill requires persons indicted for 
human trafficking to be treated as vio-lent criminals for purposes of pretrial, in terms of the availability of bail. The bill on the other side of the Capitol, in the House, does nothing in that regard. Our bill requires prosecutors and judges to undergo training to improve restitution in traffic cases. Again, our friends on the other side of the Cap-itol—their bill does nothing in that re-gard. 
Finally, our bill requires human traf-
fickers to remain under supervision for at least 5 years after they are released from prison. On the House side, it doesn’t touch on that. 
I don’t say that to criticize the House 
bill, because I think they have done some good work. But it is important to recognize that the bill over here, which is being filibustered by our Democratic minority, does a lot more and a lot of different things, and things that I think are going to be a lot more helpful to the victims of human trafficking, which I can only imagine should be our collective goal. 
I came to the floor this morning, and 
I said that we would be willing to work with our Democratic colleagues to try to address some of their stated con-cerns with the original bill. I said that notwithstanding the fact that 12 Demo-crats cosponsored the bill, the original bill that is now being filibustered. Nine Democrats, along with all of the Re-publicans on the Judiciary Committee, voted to pass the bill out of the Judici-ary Committee. Literally all 100 Sen-ators had to consent for the bill to come to the floor without going through the typical procedural hurdles with which we are all very familiar. 
Imagine my surprise, when in the 
middle of last week, these objections came up. What was the nature of the objection? The objection was that this bill contained a reference to an appro-priations bill that was passed in 2014 and for which all of our Democratic colleagues voted. But that reference was to a restriction on the use of tax-payer dollars to fund abortions, known as the Hyde amendment. Then after they saw that or after they claimed that this was something new and unbe-knownst to them, they objected. 
I just simply cannot accept this argu-
ment that a provision that colleagues on that side of the aisle have routinely voted for on appropriations bills, that they routinely voted for on Defense au-thorization bills, and one they voted for on the Affordable Care Act, re-stricting the use of taxpayer funds under these circumstances—why they would pick this vehicle to object to that very same provision. 
I accept at face value that some of 
our colleagues said that this is some-thing they perhaps should have read more closely but they failed to do. I personally find it a little hard to be-lieve, given the nature of the profes-sional staff we have here in the Senate, that Members did not know that this 
restriction, known as the Hyde amend-ment, was part of the underlying bill. But assuming that is the case, what we are now offering them is a middle ground—to say that instead of this fund being a separate pool of money outside of the appropriations process, we would agree that the Appropria-tions Committee would appropriate money out of this fund in the same manner as they do all appropriations, with the exception that the money would be specifically designated to help the victims of human trafficking and not be able to be used for any other purpose. 
So the reports are—after we made 
this proposal trying to address some of the concerns on this side of the aisle— that they would not be happy unless we stripped out all reference to the Hyde amendment in the bill. That is unac-ceptable. That is unacceptable for the same reason that they would object to a change in the status quo by an expan-sion of the Hyde amendment. We have now brought the Hyde amendment back within the appropriations process where it has been for 39 years. But to say we are going to eliminate any ref-erence to those restrictions, which have been the law of the land for 39 years, would be viewed as an erosion of the Hyde amendment—hardly a status quo. 
I don’t know how long this is going 
to take. I appreciate the perseverance and commitment of the majority lead-er who, as you know, determines what bills come to the floor and when and who says we are going to stay on this bill until it passes. We have had a num-ber of votes, and four of our Demo-cratic colleagues have joined us to get to a place where we could actually pass this legislation. We just need a handful more—two or three more—to help us. 
I know that a number of Senators are 
going to be hearing from their con-stituents back in their States because 200 different organizations—law en-forcement organizations and victims’ rights organizations that are very con-cerned about this human trafficking plague—are going to be lighting up the phone lines, sending emails, and com-municating with their elected offi-cials—as they should. 
There is no reason we cannot get to 
‘‘yes’’ on this bill unless this whole de-bate is a phony debate, and what the leadership on the Democratic side is more concerned about is trying to make the Senate as dysfunctional in the 114th Congress as they did in the 113th Congress. 
I suspect, unfortunately, because of 
the phony issues saying take out lan-guage we voted for time and again— yes, it was contained in a bill we co-sponsored. Yes, it was contained in a bill we voted for already. Now we are going to come to the floor, and we are going to block it. 
We know who pays for this political 
gamesmanship. Sadly, it is the very same victims whom our colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.023 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1646 March 19, 2015 
here on the floor say they want to 
help—the children—the 100,000 children who are subjected to human trafficking each year. Other people who need our help and deserve our help are among the most vulnerable people we can pos-sibly imagine. 
All of us are mothers and fathers, sis-
ters and brothers. We all understand this could happen to anybody’s family. Why in the world would we want to in-dulge in this sort of gamesmanship and phony objections to provisions that have been voted for time and again by the same Members who now object to them on this legislation and say to these victims of human trafficking that we don’t care and we are not going to help? 
I don’t believe for a minute that is 
why Members of the Senate come here. I know virtually all 100 Senators, and I believe that most Senators—if not all Senators—come here because they ac-tually want to do something. They ac-tually want to solve problems. They actually want to help people who need the help. I cannot think of anybody more deserving than the victims of human trafficking. 
I see the distinguished Senator from 
Colorado here. I will yield for him mo-mentarily. 
I wanted to come to the floor and re-
spond to the comments made by the distinguished Senator from Vermont, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, that all we need to do is take up and pass the House bill. The House bill doesn’t appropriate any money. It is an authorization bill. It authorizes $5 million in appropriations. 
The great thing about our bill is it 
doesn’t take any tax dollars. These are all fines and penalties and asset forfeit-ures from people engaged in the crimi-nal enterprise, and this takes some of the profit out of this terrible crime. 
It also does a number of other things, 
which I mentioned earlier. But the idea that we can somehow just take up and pass the House bill and avoid this bogus objection and somehow solve the problem, I think, just misses the point. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, through 
the Chair, I would like to thank the senior Senator from Texas for his cour-tesy in allowing me to speak this after-noon. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. President, I rise today to discuss 
the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be our next Attorney General. It has been 
131 days since President Obama nomi-nated her for this position. By Monday, she will have waited longer on the Sen-ate floor than the last seven Attorney General nominees combined. 
When it comes to Ms. Lynch’s nomi-
nation, it seems as if we are setting records—but for all of the wrong rea-sons. The irony of that is that she is probably one of the most qualified and least political Attorney General nomi-nees that this Chamber has seen in dec-ades. She has spent a significant portion of 
her career as a Federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of New York, hav-ing twice served as the U.S. attorney. There she took on corrupt public offi-cials and expanded the office’s national security practice. She has also worked in private practice at one of the coun-try’s top law firms, where she special-ized in commercial litigation, white- collar criminal defense, and corporate compliance. 
In 2011, she was recognized as the 
Federal Law Enforcement Officers As-sociation Foundation honoree of the year. In 2014, she was honored as the re-cipient of the Women in Federal Law Enforcement Foundation President’s Award. She has received support—no surprise—from all across the political spectrum. 
Just this week, even former New 
York Mayor Rudy Giuliani—hardly a great friend of the President—wrote that she was ‘‘balanced, professional and a dedicated public servant.’’ He went on to write that he can ‘‘further attest that her skill set seems very ap-propriate to the tough tasks she would face as attorney general.’’ 
The Major Cities Chiefs Association, 
which represents the 67 largest law en-forcement agencies in the country, wrote this to the Senate: ‘‘Ms. Lynch has overseen many important criminal prosecutions for terrorism, organized crime, corruption, drug and gang re-lated cases. It is clear that her famili-arity with the Department, managing a fast-paced and high profile office as well as her integrity and private sector legal experiences make her a qualified candidate.’’ 
What are we waiting for? Some 25 former U.S. attorneys who 
worked in both Democratic and Repub-lican administrations wrote to this body saying: ‘‘Ms. Lynch has the expe-rience, temperament, independence, in-tegrity, and judgment to immediately assume this critically important posi-tion.’’ They should know. They should know. These are the folks with whom she has worked closely, and will con-tinue to work as Attorney General. Both as a Federal prosecutor and in private practice, they have seen first-hand her character, intellect, and her integrity. 
I myself once worked for the Deputy 
Attorney General of the United States at the Department of Justice. I know how close the collaboration is when things are working well between the Attorney General and the U.S. attor-neys all throughout the United States of America, and it is something to see. 
I know it has become fashionable 
around this place to continually criti-cize our Federal employees, but I rec-ommend that our new colleagues, if they ever have the chance, go see the investiture of a new judge in their State, as I have had a chance to do in my State. When you see how the U.S. attorney’s office, the Federal public de-fender’s office, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the FBI, and the U.S. Marshals Service are all represented, you will 
say to yourself: Thank God I live in a country that is committed to the rule of law. Thank God I live in this coun-try instead of most of the countries around the world where they don’t even know what the rule of law is. 
That is what we have in the United 
States, and the chief law enforcement officer of this country is our Attorney General. 
Everybody who has looked at this 
nomination from the outside has said she would be an excellent Attorney General. So given all of that, it is aw-fully difficult to understand why she has had to wait so long just to receive a simple up-or-down vote. Has anyone challenged her qualifications? Come to the floor today and do it. Has anyone questioned her character or integrity? Of course not. Has she failed to provide necessary information to the Senate? It is my understanding that she testi-fied for almost 8 hours and responded to about 900 questions for the record. Is her nomination delayed just to make political points on completely unre-lated issues? 
I have gotten to the point now that 
when people come to my office after they have been nominated to be a judge or have been nominated to do some-thing in the Federal Government, the first words out of my mouth are not ‘‘Congratulations’’ anymore; the first words to come out of my mouth are ‘‘Don’t take it personally. Don’t take this process personally.’’ 
We are losing talented people who 
want to serve the United States of America in these important and in many cases nonpolitical jobs because the Senate cannot confirm them. It is because we tell somebody like Loretta Lynch: Sorry, it is going to be zillions of days before you have a chance to even serve this country. 
It is not right. I am amazed at the 
capacity of people in this place to waste their own time, but we should not waste other people’s time. 
Unfortunately, the delay in con-
firming Ms. Lynch is having real-world consequences. Earlier this week, the former Deputy Attorney General ex-pressed his concern that the protracted nomination process is adding unneces-sary uncertainty to the Department of Justice. He highlighted the importance of having continuity in undertaking long-term investigations or in devel-oping national security policy and how it is harder to facilitate continuity the longer Ms. Lynch’s nomination is de-layed. 
As I said, this has become in many 
ways the new norm in our politics where these fights in Congress are hav-ing real-world consequences on the peo-ple we represent. It is incredibly coun-terproductive to the people we rep-resent, whether it is shutting down the Department of Homeland Security or running the government on continuing resolutions or passing 2-week tax ex-tender bills, for goodness’ sake. There is not a mayor or county commissioner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.025 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1647 March 19, 2015 
in the entire State of Colorado who 
could get away with governing like this, and neither should we. It is obvi-ous to everybody watching the Senate that we have not been productive. We have not really been productive for a long time but certainly not for the last 90 days. We barely managed to keep the Department of Homeland Security open for another 6 months. We passed a resolution of disapproval that the President will veto. 
At the very least, we should be able 
to find the time to confirm Loretta Lynch as the Nation’s next Attorney General. Her experience, temperament, and independence make her abundantly qualified for one of the most important positions our country has, and she has waited too long to receive an up-or- down vote. 
I am not worried about her; she will 
be fine no matter what she does. I am worried about the Department. I am worried about our homeland security. I am worried about the willingness of other Americans to put their hand up and say ‘‘Let me serve’’ for fear that they will get caught in the crazy poli-tics of the Senate. 
I look forward to supporting Ms. 
Lynch’s nomination. I hope we will have the opportunity to consider that nomination in the coming days. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Arkansas. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, this is 
an important subject. For many, it is a matter of life and death. So I am pleased that we are taking up this bill so early in the session. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act can save lives, it can re-store dignity to the victims of these heinous crimes, and it can help end modern-day slavery. I believe, without a doubt, every Member of this body wants to see this bill become law. I hope we can overcome this delay and 
send the bill to the President so we can make it a reality. 
As the father of three girls and as a 
grandfather of granddaughters, I sup-port the bill. I cosponsored it. I am eager to see it become law. By doing so, we will build on our previous efforts that have dramatically reduced in-stances of human trafficking around the globe. 
Since the passage of the landmark 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, the United States has been a lead-er in the international community’s fight to end modern-day slavery. This law ushered in a new strategy that ad-dressed human trafficking on multiple fronts. 
Combining strong protection for vic-
tims, including shelter and asylum, with tough punishments for traf-fickers, including long jail sentences and asset confiscation, and, most im-portantly, sanctions for offending gov-ernments, the law has enabled us to crack some of the biggest international human smuggling rings. 
The most recent statistics show that 
during the 12-year period from 2000 to 2012, over 1,100 traffickers were charged 
in the United States, resulting in 755 successful convictions. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act can rep-licate these successes in combating international trafficking by helping us take on the traffickers here at home. 
This is an effort by my colleagues 
that we can all agree is worthwhile, which is clear by how easily this passed in committee and by the level of bipar-tisan cosponsorship it maintains. So I am not quite certain I understand what the Democratic leadership’s strategy aims to accomplish. The language they now find objectionable has been in the bill all along. It is standard language that has been around for decades. 
On top of that, the majority leader 
offered a vote to strip the language. Yet the minority continues to block this bill from floor consideration. Not only can they offer an amendment to strip that language, but Members of the minority can offer any amendment they want, any amendment they be-lieve will make the bill stronger. That is the amazing thing about regular order. I know some Senate Democrats are still getting used to the idea after years of being forced to the sidelines by their own leadership, but this is a good change which we should all embrace. 
I believe this particular bill was 
strong from the onset, but I have of-fered a couple of amendments to make it even stronger and better. Both of these amendments make improvements to our efforts to address trafficking on the global stage. 
The first one deals with countries 
that try to game the system to avoid sanctions. The State Department’s tier system for ranking offending countries is an excellent tool for ferreting out the problem governments and prompt-ing positive change. By utilizing the threat of sanctions, we can effect change for the better. 
Regrettably, some countries have 
abused the system and taken advan-tage of the ‘‘special watch list’’ des-ignation that is supposed to be re-served for troubled nations making good-faith efforts to actually change. These nations have been able to get this designation without ever attempt-ing to address human trafficking and, in turn, avoiding the sanctions that they deserve. China is a perfect exam-ple. 
With this amendment, we can put an 
end to the games. It will close the loop-holes that allow governments to retain the ‘‘special watch list’’ designation without making immediate progress to reduce human trafficking or face quick removal. This will force governments to take real action, not just a nod and a wink to the problem to buy sanctions relief. 
The second amendment aims to put 
more teeth in the State Department’s Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking. This amendment seeks to re-name it and elevate it to the status of bureau to increase its effectiveness so that those responsible for this essential diplomatic tool are heard within the 
State Department. 
These two amendments will help our 
overall strategy to combat trafficking, but again, this bill, as it was intro-duced, would be a huge help in our ef-forts to save lives. 
The bill has the support of 200 advo-
cacy groups, many of which are law en-forcement organizations. These advo-cacy groups are voicing the same con-cerns we hear on the local level in our communities back home—that this is a real problem with real victims—and our local officials want this bill passed for that exact reason. 
Just last week, I was visiting with 
some of my State’s mayors who were in Washington for the Arkansas Munic-ipal League fly-in, and the issue came up. The mayor of Hot Springs, AR, Ruth Carney, said that this is an issue which is really close to her heart and highlighted that Garland County has a task force to tackle human trafficking. She said: ‘‘It’s a great thing to see that Congress is working to help with this situation because I feel like it’s very important for our country.’’ I imagine that the Senators holding up this bill hear the same thing from their State and local officials. Perhaps they should listen to them about the importance of getting this done. 
So why drag this on longer? We could 
pass this bill within hours if the Demo-crats would drop this manufactured outrage over language that has been in the bill since its introduction. This language has literally been applied to similar legislation for decades. 
The senior Senators from Texas and 
Minnesota came together in a bipar-tisan manner to draft this important legislation. It was passed by the com-mittee, in regular order, in a similar bipartisan manner. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with 
the victims, pass this bill, get them help, and get our communities the re-sources they need to save thousands more from becoming victims. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today, we 
are continuing our consideration of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I should note from the outset this is a bill that essentially every Senator— every single one of us—supports. How could we not? Right now in this coun-try there are thousands of human beings living as slaves—stolen from their homes, stripped of their God- given rights, and robbed of their human dignity. A disproportionate number of these victims are women and children, often forced into sex slav-ery. These are crimes that shock the conscience, and every single one of us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.027 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1648 March 19, 2015 
should do everything in our power to 
stop this scourge and help make the victims whole again. 
The legislation we are currently con-
sidering makes important steps toward achieving those goals. It treats chil-dren trapped in these horrible cir-cumstances for what they are—victims, not criminals. It imposes stiff penalties on traffickers, exactly the sort their despicable crimes merit. It establishes an effective means of restitution for the victims, helping them to begin to rebuild their lives in the wake of enor-mous suffering. 
I applaud the majority leader for his 
commitment to getting this bill passed. It is exactly the sort of legisla-tion the Senate should be considering. While this may seem an obvious point, it is worth spelling out why this is true. 
The majority leader’s traditional 
right to be recognized first gives him control over what sort of legislation we consider. There is always a temptation to bring up partisan bills, so-called messaging bills. These bills are not de-signed to actually pass; after all, we all know we need 60 votes for cloture and 67 votes to override a veto. Instead, the goal of these messaging bills are to make a political point for the next election or even just for the next news cycle. 
In the last Congress, the Democratic 
leadership called up these sort of mes-saging votes week after week. They re-peatedly moved to bring up highly par-tisan bills that they refused to let us attempt to amend, with full knowledge that many of us would therefore have to vote against them and in most cases have to make them get at least 60 votes. 
In last fall’s election, the American 
people showed just how fed up they were with partisanship and gridlock by voting in a new Republican majority that promised a return to productive legislating through regular order. The majority leader’s commitment to pass-ing this human trafficking bill dem-onstrates how those of us in the new majority are trying our hardest to keep our promise to get the Senate back to work for the American people. This is not about partisan messaging votes doomed for failure. This is about getting a bill with broad bipartisan support passed into law that makes meaningful progress in our fight against the evils of human trafficking. Scoring political points for our party is rightfully taking a backseat for pro-ducing important results for our coun-try. 
Nevertheless, our majority can only 
do so much on its own. Simply put, it is hard to get much done in the Senate without bipartisan cooperation. So for all the restraint the majority has shown by bringing up bills such as this one that enjoy broad bipartisan sup-port, we need at least some measure of restraint from the minority. By re-straint, I do not mean to call for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to give up all their principles and sim-
ply give in to everything the majority wants. Instead, I mean the minority cannot demand getting their way on every single issue, that they should be willing to work through the open amendment process to reach an accom-modation. Unfortunately, we find our-selves at an impasse with the minority claiming we somehow ambushed them with supposedly controversial language that they now are demanding we re-move. My colleagues and I have come to the floor repeatedly over the past few days to illustrate just how ridicu-lous that claim is—how the language that is in the bill has been in there every step of the way since its intro-duction and how the Democrats had voted for it over and over again over the nearly 40 years it has been settled law. 
Beyond all of the rhetoric, the piv-
otal moment in this debate came when the majority leader came to the floor and offered an up-or-down vote to strip out the language in question. This offer should have settled this controversy once and for all. It represented the ma-jority leader extending his hand across the aisle in hopes of cooperation, but the minority leader objected, demand-ing a guarantee the provision would be removed. Well, that is not the way it works around here. That moment re-vealed what this logjam is really about. This is about the minority lead-ership resorting to the same ‘‘my way or the highway’’ tactics they abused when they were in the majority, tac-tics that have no place in a body built on compromise. This is about trying to stir up a fake controversy to fit a dis-credited war-on-women narrative. 
Above all else, this is about scoring 
political points and trying to embar-rass the majority by undermining our efforts to govern responsibly. This be-havior is itself embarrassing and un-worthy of this great institution in which we all serve, but it comes at a price. 
It comes at a price for the victims of 
human trafficking whose suffering we are all committed to alleviate. It comes at a price for those men, women, and children living in silence, fear, hopelessness, and unspeakable anguish. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle are not bad people—far from it. They are men and women of great character who want to do the right thing for their constituents and for the Nation. I have enormous respect for each and every one of them, but in this latest maneuver, I feel many of them have gotten so caught up in partisan rhetoric—something that is so easy to do in Washington—that they have staked out an unjustifiable position that is prolonging the suffering of traf-ficking victims. 
Let’s be honest about it. The Hyde 
amendment has been in many bills that we all voted for time after time after time. However, NARAL, the National Abortion Rights Action League, and Planned Parenthood have tried to make this into an issue that it should 
never have been made into. Unfortu-nately, we don’t have any courage on the other side of the aisle except for a few Senators who are willing to vote with us. We don’t have any real cour-age to take on these people. 
My gosh. I mean there comes a 
time—keep in mind, how do Repub-licans give in on this when this has been such an established law of our country? 
I ask my colleagues to take a step 
back from the heat of the debate to think about this language that has been in the bill from the very begin-ning, that they have voted for in so many other contexts, that has been the settled law of the land for nearly 40 years, that they have rejected an up- or-down vote to remove, and that they have demanded be removed as a condi-tion for passing this important legisla-tion. 
Is picking this fight really worth it? Is scoring points against Republicans 
really worth the costs of victims of human trafficking? 
Is trying to undermine our efforts to 
govern worth sacrificing the oppor-tunity to help these men, women, and children in need? 
The choice is clear. I applaud my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle who are pushing to end this stalemate, es-pecially my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who are willing to sac-rifice temporary political gain to do the right thing for these victims we all want to help. I plead with those who have yet to join our efforts to move this bill forward to realize the suffering they are prolonging and to change their approach at the earliest possible opportunity. 
GEOSPATIAL DATA REFORM ACT  
Mr. President, in addition to urging 
the passage of the bill under consider-ation to fight human trafficking, I want to highlight another important bipartisan bill I have introduced and urge its speedy consideration. It is ex-actly the sort of productive legislating in which I believe the Senate should be engaged. 
I rise in strong support of the 
Geospatial Data Reform Act, a bipar-tisan bill that will save taxpayers money while improving public safety, bolstering public development and pre-serving our natural resources through wider accessibility to geospatial data. 
I am grateful for Senator W
ARNER ’s 
collaboration on this bill. Without his partnership this legislation would not have been possible, and I wish to thank him for his support over the past sev-eral months. Together we have worked tirelessly to craft bipartisan legisla-tion that streamlines the way Federal agencies collect, manage, and dis-tribute geospatial data to better serve the American people. 
Whether we realize it or not, 
geospatial data is ubiquitous in our ev-eryday lives. Geospatial data is the in-formation that identifies the geo-graphic locations and characteristics of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.030 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1649 March 19, 2015 
natural or constructed features and ob-
jects. To make this abstract concept more tangible, consider that every time we turn to the GPS on our phones we rely on geospatial data to find our destination. Geospatial data is an in-valuable information resource, and we are just beginning to tap its full poten-tial. 
Every year, private businesses and 
government agencies are finding new and innovative ways to use this infor-
mation to better deliver services to the public and to improve overall quality of life. FEMA’s use of geospatial data during Hurricane Sandy is testament to the merits of this information re-source. 
The tragedy of Hurricane Sandy is 
still fresh in our memories. In 2012, this late autumn storm ravaged our eastern seaboard, battering buildings, toppling homes, and demolishing power lines, leaving behind a wake of destruction and shattered lives. Sandy was the deadliest hurricane to reach our shores since Katrina in 2005. In addition to the human toll, Sandy extracted a heavy financial cost, with estimated damages exceeding well over $50 billion. By using geospatial data, our government was better equipped to respond to this catastrophe. As victims rummaged through the rubble and wreckage of their broken homes, FEMA set to work analyzing geospatial datasets to iden-tify over 40,000 homes damaged by the storm. This information allowed the Agency to pinpoint the most dev-astated neighborhoods and dispatch emergency personnel to those areas more quickly and efficiently. The use of geospatial data in response to this tragedy played an integral role in co-ordinating emergency response and helping families repair their damaged lives. 
The way FEMA used geospatial data 
to aid victims of Hurricane Sandy is just one powerful example of the posi-tive impacts geospatial data has on our lives. 
But there are many more. The CDC 
also uses geospatial data to track dis-ease outbreaks, informing decisions that ultimately save lives, the Depart-ment of Education uses geospatial data to analyze test scores from schools across the country to make plans for improvement, and the National Park Service uses geospatial data for re-source management and to conserve our Nation’s natural treasures. 
There is almost no end to the sundry 
uses and benefits of geospatial data, but as the Federal Government invests billions of dollars every year in the col-lection and storage of geospatial data, there is a serious problem of inter-agency duplication. This duplication stems from a glaring lack of coordina-tion between agencies on efforts to col-lect this information. In short, agen-cies are spending inordinate sums in taxpayer dollars to collect the same geospatial data other agencies may have already collected. 
These duplicative efforts are a monu-
mental and inexcusable waste of tax-payer money. Although the executive 
branch has been working for decades to reduce duplication and standardize the process for collecting and storing geospatial information, it has received little help from Congress. 
The legislation Senator W
ARNER and 
I have introduced provides the execu-tive branch the resources and direction it needs to reduce duplication and en-gender cooperation among agencies to ensure the efficient collection and dis-semination of geospatial data across all levels of government. To save the taxpayers money, our bill requires Fed-eral agencies to implement inter-national consensus standards for geospatial data and assist in elimi-nating duplication. 
The Geospatial Reform Act also codi-
fies the implementation of the national spatial data infrastructure and pro-vides agencies with a clear definition for geospatial data and metadata. 
In addition, this bill standardizes the 
collection process by requiring agen-cies to comply with the Federal Geospatial Data Committee’s stand-ards for the development, sharing, and use of geospatial information. 
Finally, our bill ensures account-
ability, transparency, and public access to nondefense-related Federal invest-ments in geospatial data. Already, States, counties, municipalities, and the private sector are discovering dy-namic ways to use and share geospatial data with one another. 
Collaboration in this sphere is lead-
ing the way for new and improved serv-ices that were previously impossible to deliver. These entities outside of the Federal Government are finding new ways to coordinate investments and implement common standards. We need to do the same on the national level. We need proper Federal management for these data assets, and we need a na-tional strategy for their many uses. 
Our legislation provides the founda-
tion for both. In a political environ-ment clouded by polarization, this bill is a ray of hope. It is an opportunity for us to work together in a bipartisan fashion to pass commonsense legisla-tion that is based on transparency and good governance. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
the American taxpayer by supporting this bill. It is the right thing to do. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business, and that following me, the Senator from Washington be allowed to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OSO MUDSLIDE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, al-
most 1 year ago, on a calm Saturday morning in the small town of Oso, more than a square mile of mud rushed down a mountainside in my home State of Washington. In a matter of seconds, dozens of homes were de-stroyed, dozens of people were missing, 
and they were trapped in the debris from the mudslide. 
It was unclear at first the extent of 
the damage, the number of people 
trapped, and what could be done in the face of such devastation. First respond-ers risked their own lives, braving dan-gerous conditions to look for survivors. Some were pulled from the rubble, but so many, too many, were lost. Houses over more than a square mile were sim-ply swept away. The main highway to nearby Darrington was blocked, iso-lating that community. Forty-three people—children, mothers, brothers, and aunts—were killed. 
This was the deadliest mudslide in 
our country’s history. A year later, there is not a single person in Oso who has not been affected by this dev-astating natural disaster. In the blink of an eye, they saw water and earth wipe away their homes and their entire community. Let me tell you what I found when I visited the small nearby town of Arlington, where recovery plans were being made just days after the mudslide occurred 1 year ago. 
I saw small towns like so many 
across the country in all of our States, the types of towns where everybody knows each other, the types of places where everyone stops to say hello and lend a helping hand. What I saw that day last March was a community where there was not a single person who was not doing every single thing they could to help. 
Amidst the terrible destruction, I 
saw hope. I spoke to firefighters who had not slept for days, refusing to stop searching for survivors. I saw neigh-bors and friends and volunteers pro-viding food and shelter and hugs and prayers, anything to assist the commu-nity who had experienced the unthink-able. 
I want to tell one story from the days 
following that awful moment, a story that has been told before but bears re-peating. A local woman named Rhonda Cook heard about the slide and she found out that her friend was driving by and was buried when the slide hit. Rhonda spent days digging through that debris looking for that blue car she knew was there somewhere, deter-mined to bring her friend out of the mud. 
When that car was finally uncovered 
and her friend’s body was lifted out, Rhonda paused to pay her last respects. But then she kept on digging, looking for others. Rhonda is just one of the many heroes. There were so many, and so many more who continue working to this very day. 
Last year, I joined many others in a 
pledge to stand with the people of Oso and Darrington in the months and years to come and to do whatever we could to help them on the road to re-covery. I was proud to work with my colleagues in the Senate and with our friends in the House to make sure the Federal Government was offering a hand, because we are a nation that sticks together when times are tough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.031 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1650 March 19, 2015 
We worked to secure housing grants 
and FEMA funding and transportation investments to repair State Route 530. More than 600 National Guard soldiers were deployed to help in the emergency response. The main highway through Darrington reopened finally last sum-mer. Homes are now being rebuilt. Lives are being pieced back together. While I am so grateful for all that has been done to aid the recovery, our work is far from done. 
Although the devastation will even-
tually be cleared, injuries will heal, the emotional scars will always remain, and the memory of those who were lost will never leave us. A disaster of this magnitude requires long-term assist-ance to help these communities re-spond, rebuild, and cope. Now a year down the long road of recovery, there is one word that comes to mind when trying to explain what the people of Oso and Darrington are at their core: resilient. 
Aid workers searched for remains to 
return to loved ones for as long as 4 months after that mudslide. A man who lost his wife and son gave thou-sands of dollars in donations to other victims who he thought needed the money more than himself. 
The people of Oso and Darrington 
will look back on March 22, 2014, this weekend, remembering lost homes and lost loved ones and even pets. I want those communities to know that all the way here across the country in the other Washington, I stand with Oso. We stand with Oso. Their resiliency in the face of such unthinkable devastation is an inspiration to us all. We will always remember what it means to be ‘‘Oso strong.’’ They have the thoughts and prayers of everyone in the country to continue rebuilding, from Washington State to Washington, DC, and every-where in between. 
I yield the floor to my colleague, 
Senator C
ANTWELL , who, as I was, was 
there time and time again with this community. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to join my colleague from Wash-ington, Senator M
URRAY , on the ob-
servance of this very solemn milestone. This Sunday will be 1 year since this catastrophic event. I want to thank Senator M
URRAY for something she did 
not mention, which is her leadership on helping us get passed the Green Moun-tain Lookout legislation in the after-math of this event, which is legislation that she had championed for a long time and yet had been stuck. When people realized there were things we could do for this community to help re-store its recreational and economic ac-tivity, she got on it and we were able to pass that very quickly. So I thank her for that leadership. 
This Sunday is a very solemn mile-
stone, because 43 Washingtonians lost their lives in a very destructive mudslide that buried the highway be-tween the communities of Darrington and Oso and nearby Arlington. These 
communities lost loved ones, friends. Their memory will be with us for a long time. These communities have shown that even in the most unimagi-nable devastation, people can come to-gether in unity and persevere. They showed how light and hope can shine through even in grief. 
Now, after many months, stores are 
reopening, the highway is again bus-tling, there are new connections of Internet and phone lines being re-stored, residents are rebuilding, and they are hoping for a brighter eco-nomic future. 
As my colleague said, we were very 
inspired by the hope and grace of this community, that continues to dem-onstrate that on a daily basis. It is hard to believe that a year has gone by. On that morning, it became just like every other morning, a rainy Saturday morning, and people went about their business. But as the heavy rain weak-ened one of the hills in the Stillaguamish Valley, the resulting landslide was approximately 1 square mile. Forty-nine homes were de-stroyed, 530 were covered, and the Stillaguamish River was basically re-routed. So many problems arose. But immediately more than 1,000 volun-teers descended. Many from the local community, with their own transpor-tation systems, their own rigs, came to the river and devoted thousands of hours to try to help survivors and to help the community recover. 
This American flag was hoisted by 
one of the firefighters. It is tacked to a standing nearby tree, just to show our resilience. Much like the American flag, this community was battered and bruised but was very proud. During those days, many Washingtonians would make sure that every resource was made available to this community. When faced with these immense chal-lenges, these communities of Darrington and Oso pulled together and, yes, Oso became ‘‘Oso strong.’’ 
It was a rallying cry for the volun-
teers, to the young people, to many people who were working many hours a day. Private companies and individ-uals, corporations, tribes, charities, nonprofits—all sorts of governments chipped in. Everybody helped. We want to thank them for that help. It was just a year ago that it seemed as though every resource covered the festival grounds and the Forest Service parking lot, FEMA, Snohomish County, the De-partment of Natural Resources, the Na-tional Guard, fire departments up and down the State. They continued to make sure everything was addressed— recovery efforts underway, local people gathered, such as the small business owner there in Darrington, Kevin Ash, who tried to keep a plan for every busi-ness to stay open. 
We looked at what could be accom-
plished for the future. Out of these meetings, we were able to secure a $150,000 grant from the Economic De-velopment Administration to draft an economic disaster recovery plan for the 
community. That plan is set to be un-veiled in June and help the local econ-omy that once was heavily dependent on logging that was hit hard by this disaster. 
Senator M
URRAY and I have worked 
with Mayor Dan Rankin from Darrington, whose leadership and on- the-job focus for this has helped the community continue to survive this in-credible disaster. There are so many strategies Mayor Dan has put into place that are about how the commu-nity moves forward. 
Over the past year, the Small Busi-
ness Administration awarded $400,000 in low-interest loans to help rehabili-tate businesses in the area. It is help-ing the Darrington-Arlington economy and others in the affected area. Through their innovation and hard work, everybody is trying to help what is called the Upper Stillaguamish Val-ley not just get back to where it was but flourish in the future. This is some of the most beautiful territory in our State, from the heights of Glacier Peak to the depths of the Upper Stillaguamish Valley. This typifies the beauty of the Northwest. 
I want to make sure we thank the ap-
propriate people who helped us in this response: President Obama, who visited the area; Homeland Secretary Jeh Johnson; FEMA Director Craig Fugate; obviously our Governor; Representa-tive D
ELBENE, who was there prac-
tically every moment of this disaster, from the moment it happened, for days and days and days, and then around the clock, shuttling back and forth be-tween Washington, DC, and the site; Congressman L
ARSEN ; obviously SBA 
Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, who came to the site; the Red Cross; the Oso fire station. 
We talk about first responders here. 
But when you see first responders for small communities step up and address such an incredible natural disaster and coordinate everything—I want to say a thanks to Willy Harper from the Oso fire station, and Travis Hots, who was the incident command leader for the first several days from Snohomish County Fire District, which brought all of the resources together to try to make the planning and recovery efforts for this incredible disaster go as smoothly as possible; County Execu-tive John Lovick and Sheriff Ty Trenary. I also want to say Arlington Mayor Barbara Tolbert did more for the community in using every resource she had to help support the recovery of these Washington residents. Some com-munities might say, well, that is some-where down the road, and who is going to help us? But she put every Arlington resource onto this site, knowing it might be months and months and months before she ever saw any of the resources to reimburse them. 
We want to thank Arlington for ev-
erything they did. So while we will this weekend be having a moment of silence on the site, we have to remember the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.032 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1651 March 19, 2015 
individuals we lost, and how we need to 
move ahead. This hillside bears an un-mistakable scar. It has inflicted deep wounds. But it is healing because of the friends and neighbors who have strengthened us in this region. 
We want to make sure that the 
memories of those we lost will fuel our determination to do better. Regardless, it is not going to be easy, it is not going to be quick, but we will continue to build off of the strength this com-munity demonstrated in the aftermath of this disaster. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on be-
half of myself and Senator H EITKAMP , I 
send an amendment to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment will be received. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, for the 
past 10 days this body has been engaged in an important debate on a bill that has had widespread, bipartisan support, that was reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee, and that would help to end the scourge of human trafficking. 
I am a cosponsor of this bill because 
I believe it will help equip law enforce-ment and prosecutors with the tools they need to combat these horrific sex trafficking crimes. 
I, along with my colleague, Senator 
L
EAHY , have also introduced a bill— 
that we have filed as an amendment— that would reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act programs so we can also have a prevention piece in this legislation. 
Many Members of this body have 
worked very hard on this legislation. Senator C
ORNYN , whose bill we are con-
sidering, has been a real leader in the area of human trafficking. Senator K
LOBUCHAR also has a bill I have been 
proud to cosponsor. Senator G RASSLEY  
and Senator L EAHY , at the request of 
all 20 of the women Senators, held a hearing on this issue at which I was privileged to testify, along with Sen-ator A
YOTTE , Senator M IKULSKI , and 
Senator G ILLIBRAND . 
I applaud the Judiciary Committee 
for its work in shining a light on some of the darkest stories imaginable. No State is immune from the evils of human trafficking. 
Just recently in Maine, a couple was 
arrested for allegedly trafficking a girl who was only 13 years old. They used the Internet to sell her for sex. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth 
and Trafficking Prevention Act that Senator L
EAHY and I have cosponsored 
seeks to prevent young people from ever getting trapped in these situations in the first place, and I hope we can 
move on to that bill, which we have filed as an amendment. 
But, regrettably, we find ourselves at 
an impasse—imagine that—an impasse on a bill that would help curb human trafficking. How can that be? 
Senator H
EITKAMP and I have joined 
forces to try to move this bill forward. That is our goal, and the goal of the amendment we have filed. 
What our amendment would do, and 
it is very straightforward, is it would subject the fund that Senator C
ORNYN  
has created, and which I strongly sup-port, to the annual appropriations process and to all of the usual restric-tions that the Appropriations Com-mittee can and does add to appropria-tions bills. 
There is precedent for taking a fund 
that is not financed by tax dollars and sending it through the appropriations process. It, frankly, happens all the time. We have seen it with the oil and gas revenues that go to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Those are not tax dollars. 
We have seen it with a number of fees 
and restitution programs that are not tax dollars but go through the appro-priations process, where the Appropria-tions Committee can work its will. 
Under out amendment, all of the 
money collected from special assess-ments imposed on certain trafficking criminals and deposited into the fund would still be made available to anti- trafficking and victims’ services grant programs, but only through the direc-tion of the annual appropriations proc-ess. By placing the fund squarely with-in the jurisdiction of appropriators, each and every penny collected would be subject to the limitations in those appropriations bills. Our amendment would strike the reference that has been the sources of this controversy from this authorizing bill, but does not alter that restriction on federal funds that has existed for 39 years. 
Our amendment makes clear that 
money in the fund, or transferred from the fund, is subject to the limitations provided in appropriations acts. 
I believe our amendment, by allowing 
the Appropriations Committee to put whatever restrictions are appropriate on this fund—and I have no doubt the usual restrictions will be put on by the Appropriations Committee—could get this bill to move forward, and those such as Senator C
ORNYN , Senator K LO-
BUCHAR , and others who have worked so 
hard to bring this bill to the Senate floor, will see there is a path forward. 
We owe it to the victims of human 
trafficking. We owe it to the victims of human trafficking. We owe it to them. We cannot fail in this task. If we can-not approve a bill to deal with human trafficking, then what will we be able to deal with? 
We have to get past the tendency to 
score partisan, political points that have affected too many bills on both sides of the aisle. In this case, it is sim-ply too important. I thank my dear friend and colleague 
from North Dakota, Senator H
EITKAMP , 
who has been an attorney general, who has dealt with the victims of this ter-rible crime, for coming forward and joining with me as we attempt to put forth—for our colleagues’ sincere con-sideration—a path forward that will end this impasse. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
thank my great friend, the Senator from Maine. She has been so instru-mental in achieving compromise in the body, whether it is in the Common-sense Caucus, when we were in shut down, or it is just bridging the gap many times and trying to find a path forward for us to legislate in the Sen-ate. She truly is a champion in her ef-forts in trying to make this body work. 
I wish to start off by saying that as 
an attorney general, the whole while I was attorney general—for 8 years— there was very little activity on pros-titution. When I was running for office, I visited with law enforcement—and I still have a lot of friends in law en-forcement—and I asked them: What are your challenges? Every local sheriff, especially those in western North Da-kota, and every city chief of police said: We have a growing concern with prostitution. 
I started thinking about that. I start-
ed thinking about what that meant. Then I started looking behind what those claims of prostitution were, and I began to realize that for very many of these young women—often children— who are in this life of prostitution, it is not by choice. This is some of the most horrific victimization that goes on in America today—the victimization of small children, the dehumanization of small children, the challenge of a re-covery once they are given an oppor-tunity to find a different path forward, the addiction that comes with it, the grooming that comes with it, and the shame that comes with it. 
Many people say they want to pre-
vent this, but very often we know the victims of human trafficking come from homes that weren’t the healthiest of homes. These are very often run-aways, they are homeless youth, and they have no other option for recov-ering, they have no other option for sustaining their life than being part of this horrific experience. 
So as my great friend from Maine 
talks about this, we need to do a better job in getting the tools for prosecution, which is the excellent bill Senator K
LOBUCHAR has advanced for promoting 
safe harbor legislation, which will not only help in the path to recovery but also will give us an opportunity to en-courage more and more of these vic-tims to come forward as witnesses for the prosecution. It is very difficult to convince someone who has been told for years and years, as they have been in the life, that ‘‘If you tell about this victimization, what will happen is you will go to jail with me. So we have to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.033 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1652 March 19, 2015 
stick together.’’ How do we break that 
cycle of control? We break it by pro-viding opportunity, which these bills do. We break it by passing the home-less youth and runaway bill. We break it by focusing a bright light on this problem. 
I could not have been prouder of this 
body as we moved toward these series of bills on homeless youth and moved forward on these series of bills on traf-ficking. This body was speaking for some of the most disenfranchised citi-zens in our country—those victims of human trafficking. So you can imagine my despair and I think the despair of a lot of victims groups and the despair of a lot of people in this body when we reached this impasse. 
It is important that we say that the 
goal now is not to rehash what has hap-pened in the past, it is not to rehash the problems and the concerns every-body has had in the past. We must set aside all of that. Set aside all of the rancor we have heard for the last week and focus on one thing: Focus on a vic-tim who may be watching us. Focus on a victim’s advocate who may be want-ing and needing and desperately seek-ing the help we can provide that advo-cate in providing a secure future for these victims. Let’s focus on them. Let’s focus on what we can do to bridge this impasse. 
My friend Senator C
OLLINS and I 
think we have, as she has described it, advanced a proposal that we believe firmly resolves all the issues. It sets forth a path where we can, in fact, move forward and listen to the voices that don’t get heard very often in places like Washington, DC, and re-spond to their concerns, respond to the victimization, be the empathetic body I know we can be by saying: Yes, we can help, and we will help. 
So my colleague and I hope this will 
at least generate enough discussion, provide at least enough of a bridge for-ward that we can continue to have the dialogue, continue to address amend-ments—if we can get through this—and actually move this issue forward. 
I yield to my great friend from 
Maine, but I would like to ask her a question. As an appropriator, I know there may be some controversy. She has raised this already. There is some discussion that this may not be an ap-propriate place to make this decision, and I would like my colleague to elabo-rate on the appropriations process. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. If I could respond 
through the Chair, Mr. President, I do have the privilege of serving on the Committee on Appropriations, and I have seen the restrictions we have put on funds over the years. One of those restrictions which is at issue here goes back 39 years. So it is not unusual for the Committee on Appropriations to put certain limitations on the use of funds. 
As I explained earlier, the Committee 
on Appropriations also deals with nontax dollars. It is not unusual for us 
to appropriate money that comes from the collection of fines, of fees, of pen-alties, from leases. This is common. So what we are proposing in this bill is not anything new, unusual, or unique. It would be part of the standard appro-priations process. 
Indeed, Senator C
ORNYN actually 
raised the idea on the floor today of having the victims fund go through the appropriations process. We differ in language, so I don’t want to imply there is any endorsement, but the con-cept is one the author of the bill has raised. 
So in response to my colleague from 
North Dakota, who has spoken so elo-quently of her experience in dealing with the victims of human trafficking, I would assure her that as a member of the Committee on Appropriations, I know full well that we put restrictions and limitations on funding as a stand-ard course. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
would like to have a moment where we think about this body and how im-pressed everybody throughout the country is, how proud they are of our system of government, how proud of the great decisions that have been made in this room and of the great de-liberations and the great debates. This truly is a remarkable government, and it is a remarkable system. But it has always been remarkable because it is not just the wealthy and powerful who have a voice in this body. With us comes the opportunity to speak for the most disadvantaged Americans, the most disadvantaged people in our sys-tem. And I cannot imagine a more hor-rific life than the life of being sold into prostitution. I cannot imagine a more horrific life than being enslaved through the horrible events of human trafficking. 
Let’s speak for those victims. Let’s 
speak for those advocates who work so hard, who have been so encouraged that an issue such as this has become a priority issue for the United States of America. Let’s try to bridge this gap. Let’s work across the aisle, and let’s 
reach to find a way forward because these victims deserve our attention, they deserve this debate, and they de-serve our voice. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I again 
want to thank my colleague from North Dakota for her very eloquent plea to our colleagues. 
I know we can do this. I know we can 
find a path forward. I know we can get a sufficient number of votes so that we can proceed and debate the many amendments that have been filed on this bill. I know we can do it. The vic-tims of this horrific crime deserve no less from the United States Senate, so let’s not fail them. Let’s not fail them. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor again today to talk about the importance of getting the bill passed, and we have seen today for the first time—I talked I think 3 hours yesterday—the need to change the tone and try to work across the aisle on some ideas to move forward with this bill. That is happening in many con-versations in this Senate Chamber and in offices, and I am pleased that we have had a change in tone and that we have some possibility of moving for-ward. I thank my colleagues for that. 
Senator C
ORNYN and I have worked 
on this issue for a long time. In addi-tion to the bill that is on the floor today, we also have the important safe harbor bill that I am leading and that Representative E
RIKPAULSEN is lead-
ing in the House. This is a bill—since it went out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously and has none of the issues and controversy involved in the cur-rent bill on the floor—I hope will be able to get through this Senate Cham-ber in the coming week as either part of this bill or on its own. 
This safe harbor bill, of course, is 
about treating the victims of sex traf-ficking as victims and not treating them as criminals when they are 12 years old. It is taking a model from Minnesota and 15 States and now cre-ating incentives to bring it out to the rest of the country. 
So what is it we have been talking 
about here over this last week? We are talking about 27 million people around the world who are victims of some kind of trafficking every year. Some of this is labor trafficking, but what we are fo-cused on this week is sex trafficking. It is the third biggest criminal enterprise in the world. The first is illegal traf-ficking of drugs, the second is illegal trafficking of guns, and the third is il-legal trafficking of girls and young boys. And the average age is 12 years old—not even old enough to drive a car, not even old enough to go to their first prom. 
Last year, I went to Mexico with 
Cindy McCain, and we met with a num-ber of officials and prosecutors and vic-tim advocates who were working to fight this crime in Mexico. We visited a shelter for abused girls. We met with the Attorney General and with the Federal Police. But what I most re-member of all of those meetings as to how we could better coordinate our focus on sex trafficking was the visit to the Covenant House in Mexico City, where there were girls as young as 11 years old who were victims of traf-ficking. 
There was one girl who truly stood 
out. Her name was Paloma. She was new to the house which had taken her in and was in the first stage of recov-ery. Unlike the other girls who spoke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.036 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1653 March 19, 2015 
through an interpreter, she could speak 
English, but all she could say was her name, and then she couldn’t stop cry-ing. And while some of the other girls told their stories, she never told her stories in words. She only told her story through her tears. That is a mo-ment I won’t forget. 
It reminded me of something I heard 
when I visited a refugee camp once in Jordan, where a mother said she had seen things that would make stones cry. That is what that little girl Paloma was saying through her tears, that the experiences she had had of being trafficked at 11 years old would 
make stones cry. These are real sto-ries. 
When Polaris—one of the major 
groups working on this issue of sex trafficking—released their State-by- State rankings of efforts to fight human trafficking, here is what they had to say: 
The scope and scale of human trafficking 
within the United States presents a daunting challenge to policymakers, service providers, law enforcement, and advocates. Originally, human trafficking was thought to be more of a problem in other countries, but now it is known to be happening in our own back-yards. It is estimated that there are hun-dreds of thousands of victims of sex and labor trafficking inside our borders. 
But what we know today is that 83 
percent of the victims in the United States are from the United States. It is not just girls at the bottom of a ship— which does happen—it is girls right in our country, girls right in Minnesota, on the streets of Rochester, where just in the last few months we had a 12- year-old girl who got a text inviting her to a party, showed up at a McDon-ald’s parking lot where she was sup-posed to go, a guy puts her in a car, takes her up to the Twin Cities, rapes her, takes sexually explicit pictures of her, puts them on the Internet. The next day she is sold on Craigslist to two other men and raped. That hap-pened in Minnesota. That man has now been indicted by the U.S. Attorney’s office. But we have seen these cases over and over again. 
People say, why is this getting 
worse? Why is the Senate debating this issue right now? It is because, as much as we love the Internet, we also know it has provided a vehicle for this kind of activity so that it is much easier for people to do behind closed doors where no one notices them basically get these young girls in their grasp. 
Yesterday I spent nearly 3 hours 
reading from a book by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn about international sex trafficking called ‘‘Half the Sky.’’ I did that because I felt the tone had gotten so bad in this Chamber on both sides, with people hurling accusations and not even being willing to talk about possible ways to resolve this, and I am glad again that now we are finally talking today. 
They have another book about do-
mestic sex trafficking, which is the focus of the bill on the floor today, as well as our safe harbor bill. They tell a story of a girl named Clemmie. The 
book is called ‘‘A Path Appears.’’ They say: 
One of the first women whom Becca helped 
was Clemmie Greenlee, an African American woman who had been raped repeatedly begin-ning at the age of five and then systemati-cally pimped from the age of twelve. Clemmie began drinking at the age of eight, dropped out of school in fourth grade, and soon became a heroin addict and an expert at robbing johns. On one occasion she did more than steal. A customer was beating her so badly, so she pulled out a knife and stabbed him. ‘‘I didn’t see blood, so I stabbed him again, four more times,’’ she said. He almost died, but fortunately for Greenlee he was a married man who begged the police not to press charges, and without his testimony they didn’t have a case. She was freed. 
By 2001, Greenlee was a gaunt eighty-five 
pounds, sleeping on the streets or in aban-doned buildings, all of her money was going to crack cocaine. She had had a son who was killed in gang violence. She was seen as hav-ing so little commercial value that pimps abandoned her. An old friend from the streets found Greenlee in a crack house and dragged her over to see Reverend Stevens at Magdalene. 
This is an example of what we are 
seeing across this country—right in our own country. These stories are so raw and so ugly, but I tell them and read from that book yesterday just so people remember why we are here and what we are dealing with, so we can put some of these issues—extraneous issues, things we need to change in the bill and fix in the bill, that we have some motivation to do it. These girls really don’t know how to change the laws in Congress. They need our help to do that. 
My good friend Cindy McCain, 
through her work at the McCain Insti-tute—and I see Senator R
UBIO here 
from Florida, who is also familiar with that work and knows what she has done. They undertook a study looking to get some baseline data on sex traf-ficking around big events. We have seen what happens where we have in-creases in Web site advertising and other things, and we have seen what happens when law enforcement actu-ally comes together across all jurisdic-tional lines—Federal, State, and local—when the private sector engages, like our hotels—hotels like the Radisson Hotels in Minnesota. Marilyn Carlson Nelson has been such a leader on this, and has really set up and helped to fund foundations, because they see it. They know their workers are on the frontline and can actually stop it from happening—or airlines, like Delta, American, United that are on the frontlines and they train em-ployees so they can stop this from hap-pening. 
So, yes, these bills will help. The bill 
we have on the floor right now that Senator C
ORNYN and I worked on, and 
many others in this Chamber, will help get funds for the victims and for these shelters. The bill I am leading with Senator C
ORNYN will actually help to 
make sure our States get incentives to make sure we are handling these crimi-nal prosecutions in a way that works, that emboldens the victims so they 
don’t go back to the pimps, so they don’t go back to that cycle of violence, so they actually feel they are in a safe harbor, that they are in a safe place so they will testify against these per-petrators—the ones running these rings, these crooks, these people who are treating these young girls as chat-tel. That is what these bills are about. 
So we need a path forward. I think 
for the first time today we are seeing— despite no agreement yet and a lot of ideas out there, we are seeing a dif-ferent tone. I want people to remember that not only will this bill involve the fund I am talking about, but once we either join it or pass separately our safe harbor law, it will also create in-centives for States to change their laws. It will also create a national sex trafficking strategy that is in my safe harbor law. It will also allow these young girls who are victims to be part of job training programs and other things, to make it easier for our law enforcement with an amendment that I included in my bill from Senator S
ES-
SIONS and Senator W HITEHOUSE with 
the U.S. Marshals. There are many good things that are going to help. 
Mostly, we are going to send a mes-
sage from this Chamber, finally, after all of this acrimony over the last days and all of the blame, that we can fi-nally send a message to that little girl named Paloma that this country be-lieves in her. We believe these lives have value, and we must stand by these victims and stand up for these vic-tims—not only in our country but internationally. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I thank 
my colleagues. I know these conversa-tions are continuing as we work to find a path forward. I thank Senator C
OR-
NYN for the work we have done to-
gether. I look forward to getting this done. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, let me 
begin by acknowledging the work the sponsors of the human trafficking bill are doing. Trafficking is a sanitized way to discuss this issue. It is actually slavery, and I am glad that term is 
finding its way into the lexicon of how this is discussed. 
It is not just the sex trafficking—sex 
slavery—it is also labor trafficking, which is a major problem in this coun-try as well. 
I do hope we can find a way forward 
on this one. It is an extraordinarily im-portant issue, one that has taken far too long to pay attention to. It is not something that happens just around the world, but it happens here closer than we think. 
ISRAEL  
Mr. President, I want to talk about a 
separate topic today as well. It is one a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.038 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1654 March 19, 2015 
lot of people have been reading about 
in the newspapers over the last 72 hours. 
As we all know, there was an election 
in Israel this week, and many people are wondering: What is this aftermath of the election we keep reading about, where there is this controversy and back and forth? Certainly some of that happened a few weeks ago, when the Prime Minister of Israel visited Wash-ington and spoke before the Congress. People are wondering, what is it that is going on here and why is there so much controversy around all this? I want to take a moment to delve deeper into this, because this is important. 
First of all, to answer the funda-
mental question: Why should we care about what is happening with Israel, in Israel, and about Israel? There are two reasons I think we should care. 
The first is because Israel represents 
everything we want that region of the world to be. Israel is a democracy, as evidenced by the vibrant election proc-ess they just underwent. Israel is a free enterprise economy, a developed econ-omy, that provides prosperity for its people and its partners in trade and commerce. And Israel is a strong American ally—a democracy, a free en-terprise, and a strong American ally. 
Don’t we wish the entire Middle East 
looked that way? Don’t we wish we had more countries in the Middle East that looked like Israel—that were allies, that were democratic, and had a free and prosperous economy? How much better would the world be if the Middle East looked more like Israel and less like Iraq and Syria and other places look like at this moment? 
There is another reason why we 
should care about Israel. Israel is not just another country. It has a special and unique purpose. It was founded as a homeland for the Jewish people in the aftermath of the Second World War and of the Holocaust, where over 6 million human beings were slaughtered. It was founded on the promise that never again in the history of the world would there not be a place for the Jewish peo-ple to go and be safe. It is not just a nation, it is a nation with a special and unique purpose unlike any other nation in the world, and I for one am proud that the United States has stood with Israel for all these years, and I am proud that the American people on a bipartisan basis have stood behind the Jewish State of Israel for all of these years. So the security, safety, and fu-ture of Israel is in our national secu-rity interest, as well as a moral obliga-tion of every Member of this body and us as a nation. 
What are the underpinnings of Israeli 
security? There are two things. First, the ability of Israel to defend itself; and the second, the reality that if Israel ever has to defend itself, the United States will be there to support them. 
There is little doubt about the first 
pillar of its security. As the Prime Minister reminded us: Unlike many other countries, Israel is not asking us 
to send American soldiers or aircraft to support them. They are willing to de-fend themselves. But the second pillar, about strong and unquestionable Amer-ican support, is increasingly being questioned around the world. And there is good reason why. 
Let’s begin with the aftermath of 
this recent election. 
As far as I know—maybe this has 
changed in the last few hours—after this election, the President has yet to call the Prime Minister. That is un-like, of course, the fact that in March of 2012, he was among the first to call and congratulate Putin in Moscow. Or that in June of 2012, he was among the first to call Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood when they won the Egyp-tian Presidency. Or that in November of 2012, he called to congratulate the top Chinese Communists on their new position—which, by the way, is not elected in the way you and I would con-sider there to be an election. Or the fact that in 2013, there was an historic phone call. They bragged about how he called the Iranian President and con-gratulated him on his election. And of course, in August of 2014, he called to congratulate Turkey’s President Erdogan. 
And on and on. Time and again, this President has 
made a habit of quickly calling these leaders when they win. But as of 4:40 p.m. eastern time, as far as I know, that call has yet not been made. Thinking about all the things that have been going on with Israel, we would think he would be quick to make that call. It hasn’t happened. Maybe it has already, but it certainly didn’t happen fast enough. 
But where does this come from? Is 
this new? Is this something that just happened recently? It isn’t. In fact, we can start to see the trends here pretty early. 
In October of 2008, then-Senator 
Obama told an audience in Cleveland: 
There is a strain within the pro-Israel com-
munity that says unless you adopt an un-wavering pro-Likud [one of the political par-ties in Israel] approach to Israel that you’re anti-Israel. 
Which is a silly comment to make, 
since at that time that party had been out of power. 
In January of 2009, the President, 
upon taking office, makes a quick phone call to the Palestinian Author-ity President Mahmoud Abbas before he even phoned the Israeli Prime Min-ister. Abbas’s spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina quoted Obama as saying: 
This is my first phone call to a foreign 
leader, and I’m making it only hours after I took office. 
In July of 2009, the President hosted 
American Jewish leaders at the White House, and he reportedly told them that he sought to put ‘‘daylight’’ be-tween America and Israel. Here is the quote that someone at that meeting says he made: ‘‘For eight years [during the Bush administration] there was no light between the United States and 
Israel, and nothing got accomplished,’’ he declared. 
In September of 2009, in his first ad-
dress to the U.N. General Assembly, President Obama devoted five para-graphs to the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict, during which he declared—to loud applause; by the way, in the United Na-tions, no surprise—‘‘America does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements.’’ He went on to draw a connection between rocket at-tacks on Israeli civilians with living conditions in Gaza. There was not a single unconditional criticism of Pales-tinian terrorism. 
In March of 2010, Secretary of State 
Hillary Clinton berated Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on a now infa-mous 45-minute call, telling him that Israel had ‘‘harmed the bilateral rela-tionship.’’ By the way, the State De-partment triumphantly shared details of the call with the press. That same month, the Israeli Ambassador was dressed down at the State Department, and Mr. Obama’s Middle East envoy 
canceled his trip to Israel, and the United States under his leadership joined the European condemnation of Israel. 
In May of 2011, the State Department 
issued a press release declaring that the Department’s No. 2 official would be visiting ‘‘Israel, Jerusalem, and the West Bank,’’ as if Jerusalem was not part of Israel. So they left that sepa-rate. 
Later in the month, only hours be-
fore Mr. Netanyahu departed from Israel to Washington, Mr. Obama deliv-ered his infamous Arab Spring speech, which focused on a demand that Israel return to its indefensible pre-1967 bor-ders with land swaps. 
In November of 2011, an open micro-
phone caught part of a private con-versation with the President and French President Nicolas Sarkozy. Sarkozy said of the Israeli premier: 
I can’t stand Netanyahu. He’s a liar. 
But rather than defend Israel, the 
President piled on. He said: 
You’re tired of him; what about me? I have 
to deal with him every day. 
In February of 2012, at a conference 
in Tunis, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked about Mr. Obama pandering to ‘‘Zionist lobbies.’’ She ac-knowledged that it was ‘‘a fair ques-tion’’ and went on to explain that dur-ing an election season ‘‘there are com-ments made that certainly don’t re-flect our foreign policy.’’ 
In 2014, during the Gaza conflict, the 
White House and the State Department criticized Israel for the deaths of Pal-estinians who were being used as human shields by Hamas. But far worse and far more suggestive of the Presi-dent’s true feelings was the White House’s decision to try and use arms supplies as a pressure point against Israel. 
In October of 2014, an anonymous ad-
ministration official called Prime Min-ister Netanyahu ‘‘a chicken——’’ I can’t even finish it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.039 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1655 March 19, 2015 
That is what has happened up to this 
point. That is what has happened up to this point. What has happened now? An election just happened 2 days ago. The first thing the White House says is: You used a lot of divisive language in that election. That is saying a lot from someone who has been elected at least once, probably twice, on extremely di-visive language. 
But what about when Iran had a 
fraudulent election in 2009 and the peo-ple of Iran took to the streets to pro-test in the famous Green Revolution? You know what the White House said? We are not going to comment on that election because we are not going to interfere in the sovereignty of Iran. They will comment on the elections of an ally, calling the rhetoric of the elec-tion divisive. But when an enemy— which is what Iran is—has a fraudulent election and kills people who protest against it, we can’t comment. We can’t comment because that would be in-fringing on their sovereignty. 
The other thing that has happened is 
the Prime Minister made a statement about how a two-state solution isn’t possible given the current cir-cumstances. What does the White House do? They jump up and say: Well, that means we may have to reconsider. We may have to go to the United Na-tions Security Council now and support a resolution, and that means not to use our veto authority to stop a resolution that calls on Israel to create a Pales-tinian State with 1967 borders. 
Why would the Prime Minister of 
Israel say that, by the way? He is right; the conditions don’t exist. Do you want to know why the conditions don’t exist? First of all, let’s go through the history of peace negotiations. 
In 2000, at Camp David, Israel offered 
the Palestinian Authority nearly all of the West Bank, Eastern Jerusalem, and Gaza. The Palestinians said no. In 2000, Israel withdrew from southern Leb-anon. Do you know what that is today? That is a place where they launch rockets against Israel. 
In 2005, Israel withdrew from Gaza. 
Do you know what that is today? A place where they launch rockets from against Israel. 
In 2008, Israel offered—again, to the 
Palestinian Authority—nearly all of the West Bank, nearly all of Judea and Samaria and Eastern Jerusalem. The Palestinian authority said no. 
What about the Palestinian record? 
Let’s begin with the fact that accord-ing to many reports, about 6 percent of the Palestinian budget is diverted to pay the salary of prisoners. That means the salary of terrorists, of peo-ple who have blown up centers and killed civilians, including Americans. They are being paid salaries and bene-fits, including with money from do-nors, such as the United States, Great Britain, Norway, and Denmark. 
Here is another material on how the 
PA routinely depicts a world without Israel. This is from a Palestinian schoolbook: Palestine’s war ended with a catastrophe 
that is unprecedented in history, when the Zionist gangs stole Palestine . . . and estab-lished the so-called State of Israel. 
Or what about this particularly hor-
rific expression of ideology which ap-peared in a Palestinian Authority daily as far back as 1998: 
The difference between Hitler and [British 
Foreign Minister] Balfour was simple: the former [Hitler] did not have colonies to send the Jews to, so he destroyed them, whereas Balfour . . . [turned] Palestine into his col-ony and sent the Jews. Balfour is Hitler with colonies, while Hitler is Balfour without colonies. They both wanted to get rid of the Jews...Zionism was crucial to the defense of the West, [by] ridding Europe of the burden of the Jews. 
This is from a daily of the PA. These 
are the people with whom we are pres-suring them to cut a peace deal. 
What about this? 
The Palestinian Authority has named nu-
merous locations and events after Pales-tinian terrorists responsible for killing Israeli civilians. 
What about this? This opinion piece 
appeared in the New York Times in 2013: 
The Palestinian Authority’s television and 
radio stations, public schools, summer camps, children’s magazines and Web sites are being used to drive home four core mes-sages. First, that the existence of a Jewish state . . . is illegitimate because there is no Jewish people and no Jewish history. . . . Second, that Jews and Zionists are horrible creatures that corrupt those in their vicin-ity. Third, that Palestinians must continue to struggle until the inevitable replacement of Israel by an Arab-Palestinian state. And fourth, that all forms of resistance are hon-orable and valid, even if some forms of vio-lence are not always expedient. Instead of being schooled in the ‘‘culture of peace,’’ the next generation of Palestinians is being re-lentlessly fed a rhetorical diet that includes the idolization of terrorists, the demoniza-tion of Jews and the conviction that sooner or later Israel should cease to exist. 
These are the people with whom this 
President wants to put pressure on them to cut a peace deal. I think Netanyahu is right. The conditions do not exist for a peace deal with people who teach their children that killing Jews is a glorious thing. The condi-tions for peace do not exist with a peo-ple—with a government, I should say, not a people. The people are victims of this government, the Palestinian Au-thority—not to mention Hamas, which teaches people that killing Jews is a glorious thing, that there is no such thing as a Jewish people, that any methods of destroying them is valid, that pays them salaries and benefits. 
This President is making a historic 
mistake. Allies have differences. But for allies such as Israel, when you have a difference with them and it is public, it emboldens their enemies—to launch more rockets out of southern Lebanon and Gaza, to launch more terrorist at-tacks, to go to international forums and delegitimize Israel’s right to exist. This is what they are doing. 
This is a historic and tragic mistake. 
Israel is not a Republican or a Demo-cratic issue. If this were a Republican President doing these things, I would 
give the exact same speech. In fact, I would be even angrier. This is out-rageous. It is irresponsible, and it is dangerous. It betrays the commitment this Nation has made to the right of a Jewish State to exist in peace. No peo-ple on earth want peace more than the people of Israel. No people have suf-fered more at the hands of this violence and this terrorism than the people of Israel. They need America’s support unconditionally. If there are dif-ferences, they need to be dealt with privately as we do with other allies. 
More than anything else, they de-
serve to be treated with more respect, not less than the respect this President and this White House is giving the Su-preme Leader of Iran. He would not dare say the things about the Supreme Leader of Iran now that he is saying about the Prime Minister of Israel be-cause he wouldn’t want to endanger his peace deal or his arms deal that he is working out with them. 
I hope he will reconsider. I hope the 
bipartisan nature of our support of Israel is reinvigorated. I hope that once again this body, this Congress, and this government will recommit themselves to this extraordinarily important rela-tionship, because if America doesn’t stand with Israel, who would we stand with? If Israel—a democracy, a strong American ally on the international stage—is not worthy of our uncondi-tional support, then what ally of ours around the world can feel safe in their alliance with us? 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today I 
want to comment on the recent elec-tion in Israel and the Obama adminis-tration’s outrageous reaction to it. Two days ago Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu’s Likud Party won a decisive victory in the Israel election. For myself and on behalf of 3 million Arkansans, I want to offer hearty congratulations to Prime Min-ister Netanyahu. I have the greatest admiration for the Prime Minister’s vi-sionary and courageous statesmanship, as well as his service as a young man in his country’s elite special operations forces. Prime Minister Netanyahu and his family have paid the highest price over the decades in the fight against the common enemies of Israel and the United States. 
Yet let me also stress that the alli-
ance between the United States and Israel is not an alliance for this or that Israeli statesman nor this or that Israeli political party. Nor, for that matter, does the alliance depend on whom or which party controls the White House or the Congress. Rather, it is an alliance between the American people and the Israeli people, between the ultimate defender of the West and the easternmost frontier of the West. Our alliance rests on our shared experi-ences and principles: our Judeo-Chris-tian heritage, respect for the natural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.040 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1656 March 19, 2015 
rights of mankind, democratic self-gov-
ernment, market-based economics, and strong provision for our common de-fense. Israel’s commitment to demo-cratic elections demonstrated just this week an important distinction from many of their neighbors and why they are our closest ally in the region. 
Apparently, President Obama har-
bors such deep-seated and irrational antipathy for Prime Minister Netanyahu that he is now willing to upend this decades-long alliance. Presi-dent Obama’s antagonism toward Prime Minister Netanyahu is long-standing and well known. Last year, for example, anonymous administra-tion officials used a vulgar epithet to 
question Prime Minister Netanyahu’s courage. 
I will point out, as an aside, that an-
onymity is the Washington coward’s shield, just as I am also compelled to point out that, so far as I know, nei-ther the President nor his senior polit-ical aides served in our country’s elite special operations forces, unlike Prime Minister Netanyahu. 
Back to my main point, in the last 48 
hours, more anonymous administration officials have suggested a fundamental rethinking of the United States-Israel alliance, citing Prime Minister Netanyahu’s simple restatement of fact that there can be no Palestinian State until conditions change. The Pales-tinian Authority must, at a minimum, eject Hamas from its governing coali-tion, reclaim control of the Gaza Strip, accept a demilitarized eastern border in Judea and Samaria, and recognize Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish State. As Prime Minister Netanyahu has said, if the Palestinians lay down their arms, there will be peace. But if Israel lays down its arms, there will be no Israel. 
The Obama administration, though, 
has gone off the deep end and let their personal bitterness towards the Israeli Prime Minister drive their public for-eign policy toward our closest ally. Here are just a few quotes from admin-istration officials suggesting a funda-mental change in our relationship with Israel and a willingness to abandon Israel at the United Nations. 
One official said: ‘‘We are signaling 
that [if the Israeli government’s posi-tion is no longer to pursue a Pales-tinian state,] we’re going to have to broaden the spectrum of options we pursue going forward.’’ 
According to reports, that same offi-
cial ‘‘wouldn’t rule out a modified American posture at the United Na-tions, where the U.S. has long fended off resolutions criticizing Israeli settle-ment activity and demanding its with-drawal from Palestinian territories.’’ 
Another senior White House official 
said: 
The premise of our position internation-
ally has been to support direct negotiations between the Israelis and the Palestinians. We are now in a reality where the Israeli government no longer supports direct nego-tiations. Therefore we clearly have to factor that into our decisions going forward. Finally, State Department spokes-
woman Jen Psaki said: 
We’re currently evaluating our approach. 
We’re not going to prejudge what we would do if there was a UN action. 
Some observers will dismiss these 
comments as the petulant response of a President and political operatives who didn’t get their way in the elections this week. But there is something much more worrisome underway. While Prime Minister Netanyahu won a deci-sive victory, he still has just started assembling a governing majority coali-tion. 
These kinds of quotes from Israel’s 
most important ally could very well startle some of the smaller parties and their leaders with whom Prime Min-ister Netanyahu is currently in nego-tiations. This raises the question, of course, if the administration intends to undermine Prime Minister Netanyahu’s efforts to assemble a coa-lition by suggesting a change to our longstanding policy of supporting Israel’s position with the United Na-tions. 
After all, if you were an elected lead-
er in Israel’s parliament, you surely would worry about the United States refusing to exercise its veto at the U.N. Security Council. Consider the United Nations’ long and dark history of anti- Semitism. 
The U.N. Human Rights Council has 
condemned Israel in 45 resolutions since its creation in 2006. In 2013, the U.N. General Assembly adopted a total of 21 resolutions singling out Israel for disapproval and just 4 resolutions for the rest of the world. 
Fifty percent of all emergency spe-
cial sessions of the General Assembly over the last six decades were convened to denounce Israel. Meanwhile, no emergency special session has been called for any other state in over 30 years. Given this history and the stakes here and abroad, let me speak bluntly so there can be no misunder-standing. Under no circumstances will I or this Congress allow the Obama ad-ministration to abandon Israel to the United Nations or any other inter-national institution or to change fun-damentally the terms of our alliance with Israel. 
This administration’s latest out-
rageous pronouncement is even more difficult to understand as they simulta-neously coddle the terrorist regime in Iran. The people of Israel should know the American people remain in soli-darity with them in their quest to exist peacefully with their neighbors and that we will not allow them to be thrown to the jackals at the United Nations—a characterization made fa-mous by a past Member of this body, the late Daniel Patrick Moynihan. I call on all Members of this body, in-cluding my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, to join with me in one voice supporting our ally Israel against the jackals. 
In the coming days—perhaps as soon 
as the debate over the budget resolu-tion next week—I will propose legisla-
tion that reaffirms the longstanding policy of the United States to continue to defend Israel against attacks at the United Nations and other international agencies. I urge all Members of this body, including my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have a long history of supporting Israel, to join me in supporting such legislation. 
Further, should the United Nations, 
its subordinate agencies, the Inter-national Criminal Court or any other international agency take adverse ac-tion against Israel, I will consider in-troducing legislation to restrict U.S. funding for the offending agency. Fi-nally, if the U.S. Ambassador to the 
United Nations does not exercise the American veto against any anti-Israel resolution, I will also consider intro-ducing similar legislation to restrict funding to the Ambassador’s office. 
For decades, the relationship be-
tween Israel and the United States has transcended political and personal dif-ferences. Our shared interests were enough to overcome any ideology or personal disagreement, but I fear mu-tual respect is of little concern to this administration. The President and all those senior officials around him should carefully consider the diplo-matic and security consequences of their words. This Congress certainly will. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Maryland. 
SYRIAN WAR CRIMES ACCOUNTABILITY ACT  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss the ongoing crisis in Syria. Sunday, March 15, marked the fourth anniversary of the beginning of the Syrian civil war. 
Since this brutal war began, more 
than 3.8 million Syrians have fled Syria, 7.6 million have been displaced within Syria, and 12.2 million Syrians are in need of humanitarian assistance. Most tragically, more than 205,000 peo-ple have died as a result of the war. This past year was the deadliest year since the conflict began, with more than 76,000 dying in 2014 alone, includ-ing more than 3,500 children. 
One thing has remained clear over 
the last 4 years—the war tactics em-ployed in Syria by both government and opposition forces represent gross violations of human rights and fly in the face of internationally accepted rules of war. 
The United Nations Independent 
International Commission of Inquiry on Syria has reported that the progovernment forces have murdered, tortured, assaulted, and raped civilians in Syria. Antigovernment groups have also engaged in murder, execution, tor-ture, hostage-taking, and shelling of ci-vilian neighborhoods. Medical workers and hospitals across Syria have also been targeted, but nowhere was the brutality of this war more evident than the events of August 21, 2013, when the Syrian Army, under the direction of President Assad, launched a chemical weapons attack in the Damascus sub-urbs killing 1,400 Syrians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.041 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1657 March 19, 2015 
The United States, along with the 
international community, has a long tradition of upholding international norms, including holding accountable those guilty of crimes against human-ity and war crimes. The international community cannot stand by and allow the murder of innocent men, women, and children to go unchallenged. He must immediately bring Assad and all the perpetrators of gross human rights violations in Syria to justice. This can-not wait another year. 
Earlier this week, I reintroduced the 
Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act, along with my colleagues Senators R
UBIO, M ENENDEZ , S HAHEEN , and 
PETERS . This bipartisan legislation es-
tablishes a Syria-specific standard of reporting and accountability for crimes against humanity. The bill will require the U.S. State Department to report to relevant congressional committees on war crimes and crimes against human-ity committed in Syria. This would in-clude an account of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by the regime of President Bashar al- Assad and violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the con-flict. 
Today, as I stand on the floor of the 
Senate, the violence is continuing unabated. 
Some of my colleagues may be aware 
of a Syrian defector and photographer named Caesar. Caesar fled from Syria in 2013 with more than 55,000 photos documenting the torture and murder of more than 11,000 civilians. Last week, some of those photos were put on dis-play at the United Nations. 
We must shine a light on the atroc-
ities that have been committed in Syria and demand accountability. Ig-noring these violations sends a mes-sage to the global community that war crimes and crimes against humanity are tolerable. The Syrian people de-serve much more than that. 
On this fourth anniversary of the be-
ginning of the Syrian war, we must re-commit to supporting the Syrian peo-ple through humanitarian efforts and by holding those individuals and groups which are guilty of committing war crimes and crimes against human-ity accountable for their atrocities. 
I ask my colleagues to stand with the 
Syrian people and join me in sup-porting the Syrian War Crimes Ac-countability Act. 
LYNCH NOMINATION  
Mr. President, I will also take time 
to urge my colleagues to immediately bring Loretta Lynch’s nomination to the floor of the U.S. Senate to be the next Attorney General of the United States. 
Ms. Lynch currently serves as the 
Senate-confirmed U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. She has already been confirmed by the U.S. Senate. She served with great distinc-tion as the U.S. attorney for the East-ern District. 
I had the chance to visit with her 
last January and talk to her firsthand about her vision to be the next Attor-
ney General of the United States. She is extremely impressive, very well qualified, and has the right values to be the Attorney General of the United States. 
I will give a few examples. I know all 
of us are concerned about equal justice to the law. Well, Ms. Lynch has lived that through her own personal commit-ments. At Harvard Law School, she was a member of the Legal Aid Bureau, helping people who otherwise would not have been able to afford access to our legal system. 
Ms. Lynch has a long and distin-
guished record of prosecuting terror-ists, sex traffickers, organized crime cartels, corrupt politicians, and dan-gerous gangs. She has been endorsed by a wide variety of law enforcement agencies and individuals. 
Put it this way: I have not heard any-
one question her qualifications. I have not heard anyone question why she should not be confirmed to be the next Attorney General of the country. 
Loretta Lynch’s nomination has been 
pending on the Senate floor as long as the five most recent Attorneys General combined. If we take five of the most recent Attorneys General and add all the time it took for their nominations to be confirmed, Loretta Lynch is now exceeding that. That is not fair. 
President Obama is entitled to have 
his team in place, and we have a re-sponsibility to vote on his nomina-tions. Let’s do the right thing and take up this nomination, debate it, and then have Senators vote up or down, not maybe, on her nomination. We owe it to Ms. Lynch, the employees of the Justice Department, and the American people to have a newly designated At-torney General in place as the Nation’s chief law enforcement officer and top defender of Americans’ constitutional rights. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BISHOP GORMAN HIGH SCHOOL 
60TH DIAMOND ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise to 
honor the 60th anniversary of Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas, NV. 
In 1954, Bishop Gorman High School 
opened as the first Catholic high school in Southern Nevada. I congratulate the 
institution on 60 years of leading our country in first-rate education while positively implementing Catholic val-ues. 
Bishop Gorman High School has 
graduated more than 9,000 students and currently has a 100 percent graduation rate and a college bound rate of 96 per-cent, making Bishop Gorman a na-tional leader in college preparatory education. The school is equipped with an impressively experienced and cred-ited faculty, with nearly 70 percent holding advanced degrees. The admin-istration and the faculty’s dedication to providing excellent education in a Catholic setting, in addition to a low student-teacher ratio, has contributed to Bishop Gorman’s success and helped ensure that its students can reach their full potential. 
The school takes pride in providing 
its students with a well-rounded edu-cation that includes strong academic principles, faith, and competitive ath-letic opportunities. Over the past 60 years, students have won 97 State ath-letic championships and received State and national recognition in academics, fine arts, and extracurricular activi-ties. 
Bishop Gorman High School also 
gives back to the local community and the State. Every year they organize multiple service events, and this past year, art students designed a beautiful courtyard for a transitional home in Las Vegas. Additionally, the National Honor Society students volunteered each week at a local food bank. 
I applaud Bishop Gorman High 
School President John Kilduff and Principal Kevin Kiefer for their strong leadership and recognize this year’s Knight of the Gaels honoree, Jack Raftery, Sr. I am pleased that through your joint efforts and the dedication of those before you, this remarkable in-stitution has been a part of our com-munity for 60 years. Best wishes for continued success, and congratulations on this great achievement. 
f 
BLACK WOMEN’S HISTORY WEEK 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
request that the U.S. government offi-cially recognizes the last week in March as Black Women’s History Week. During the week of March 23, as part of Women’s History Month and in honor of the U.N. declaration of 2015 as the decade of Afro descendants, this week marks the perfect occasion on which to begin an annual recognition and celebration of Black women’s his-tory and contributions to American so-ciety. 
Black women have long gone above 
and beyond the call of duty in their contributions to American society through civic engagement, high voter turnout, and stepping up as leaders and bulwarks in their communities. Even in the face of grave oppression throughout our Nation’s history, Black women have continued to stand strong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.042 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1658 March 19, 2015 
and contribute to the well-being of 
their families, communities, and our country as a whole. A recognition of Black Women’s History Week on the part of the Obama Administration and Congress would send a critical message that the government wishes to elevate their role in history and contemporary society and recognizes the unique struggles they continue to experience today. 
Black women have consistently 
played a critical role in this Nation’s history, often with little thanks or rec-ognition. Harriet Tubman escaped slav-ery and bravely returned to the enslaved South 13 times to herald her people to freedom on the Underground 
Railroad. A century later, Rosa Parks witnessed the oppression of her peo-ple—specifically her fellow Black sis-ters—and took an active role in orga-nizing the Montgomery Bus Boycott. Today, a Black woman is our nation’s First Lady. Recognition of Black Wom-en’s History Week would honor and up-lift the sacrifices of women such as Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks, who paved the way for Barack and Michelle Obama to reach the White House, and me to address you on their behalf today. 
Yet at the same time that Black 
women from our Nation’s history have become inspirational symbols of strength and perseverance, Black women today continue to face the ne-cessity to persevere through undue burdens as they navigate American so-ciety. They must try to hold their fam-ilies together as primary caregivers when family members are incarcerated or killed, support their children as they grow up in food deserts and attend failing schools, they must continue to persevere when our society does not provide them with adequate support and equal rights. All the while, many Black women struggle to forward their own careers and provide for their fami-lies. Recent U.S. Department of Labor data shows that while job prospects are improving for nearly every group in America, one glaring exception re-mains: Black women. Since August 2013, Black women are the only group for whom unemployment rates have not fallen. 
Karen McLeod’s experience as a 59- 
year-old college graduate with two de-grees who cannot find steady employ-ment sheds light on the economic tribulations many Black women face. Karen went from making $30 per hour as a respiratory therapist to $16 per hour at a nonprofit, to $8.67 per hour, working only 4 hours per week. In her current circumstances, she has had to make a series of tough decisions to get by. Karen sold her jewelry to pay for gas, pawned her television for food, and was forced to ask local nonprofits for rent assistance. Karen’s story rep-resents the experiences of a growing number of Black women, whose condi-tions are not improving with economic recovery. White House recognition of Black Women’s History Week will serve to acknowledge and call atten-
tion to the continued struggles Black women face in our society today and will send the critical message that their government cares about what they are going through. 
This year, a coalition of organiza-
tions advocating for the well-being of women and communities of color will partner to elevate the stories, his-tories, and realities of Black women’s lives. Each day of the week, starting on March 23 and continuing through March 29, will focus on a different issue Black women face in American society today, from economic disparities to educational achievement to police vio-lence. Exploring these issues and ac-knowledging the centrality of Black women to our history and social fabric, along with recognizing the uniquely gendered and racialized inequities they face, is critical as we seek to extend equal rights to all Americans. I hope and request that this will be the first year in what will become an annual tradition of celebration and intentional recognition of our sisters through Black Women’s History Week. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DON SHORT 
∑Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 
today, I would like to recognize an ex-ceptional Iowan who has been devoted to the State and to our agricultural heritage. After serving as president of Silos and Smokestacks National Herit-age Area since 2001, Don Short has an-nounced his retirement. 
Don Short was raised in Winthrop, 
IA, where he took over the family farm. From early on, Don has dedi-cated his efforts to farming and agri-cultural policy. He was employed with Moews Seed Company, a family owned business since 1927 that specializes in corn seed production. Afterward, Don worked for DuPont Seed Company. 
Don’s experiences in agriculture have 
provided him the insight necessary to lead the Silos and Smokestacks Na-tional Heritage Area. For 15 years, he has been able to protect and promote natural, cultural, and historic areas. He spearheaded efforts to maintain and strengthen the Silos and Smokestacks National Heritage Area and has been a dogged advocate on its behalf. He is a farmer whose desire is to keep agricul-tural heritage alive through partner-ships, such as historic sites, tourist at-tractions, and businesses that bring economic benefits to Iowa. 
I want to congratulate Don Short on 
his retirement and his success over the years. Silos and Smokestacks will no doubt miss his daily contributions; however, he plans on remaining a con-sultant on a parttime basis. I thank him for his unwavering commitment to improving agricultural policies and making Iowa a better place. ∑ REMEMBERING WILLIAM DAVID 
ROTH 
∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to speak today in remembrance of Wil-liam David Roth, who passed away on March 17, 2015. 
William ‘‘Bill’’ David Roth, 71, of Al-
bany, NY, lived an extraordinary life and made major contributions to U.S. public policy. He was the son of Dr. Oscar Roth and Dr. Stefanie Zeimer Roth, refugees from Vienna who ar-rived in the United States just prior to the onset of World War II. Bill grad-uated magna cum laude from Yale Uni-versity in 1964 after majoring in mathe-matics, economics, and politics. This is all the more remarkable given the fact that a neuromuscular disorder from the age of 8 left him unable to write. He performed complex mathematical equations and logical formulae in his head. He was also a formidable pres-ence at Yale and later at the Univer-sity of California, Berkley, where he received his Ph.D. in 1970. He was that rare person who was both a man of thought and action and who inspired others by overcoming great odds and obstacles. From 1971 to 1972 he taught political science at the University of Vermont. He very well may have avert-ed a Kent State tragedy in 1972 by per-mitting himself to be arrested at the Federal building in downtown Bur-lington during a nonviolent student protest against the Vietnam war. While Roth was offered immediate release be-cause of his disability, he chose instead to remain until all the students had been released from the Burlington city jail. In this way he showed one of the 
virtues of civil disobedience, conducted with dignity and without violence, thus serving as an example and inspira-tion to others. 
Subsequently, he went to work on 
the Carnegie Council on Children in Connecticut. He coauthored a land-mark book that dealt searchingly with children with disabilities. His first major work was called ‘‘The Unex-pected Minority: Handicapped Children in America.’’ He also coauthored ‘‘The Grand Illusion: Stigma, Role-expecta-tions, and Communication.’’ These are widely acknowledged as providing the analytical basis for the disability rights movement as well as fostering a new academic discipline, disability studies. 
Bill’s work emphasized the disability 
movement’s core vision: the most so-cially incapacitating aspects of dis-ability are not the inescapable con-sequence of biology but the result of countless social decisions that do not acknowledge the needs of people with different bodies and, indeed, discrimi-nate against people whose bodies are different. Bill went on to pioneer the use of computer technology for people with disabilities and in 1984 founded the Center for Computing and Dis-ability at SUNY, Albany, one of the first such centers in the Nation. Bill was widely acknowledged through his scholarly research, technological 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.034 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1659 March 19, 2015 
imagination, and progressive politics, 
as one of the founders of America’s dis-ability rights movement. He helped es-tablish the framework for the Federal Disabilities Act and his work over the years addressed the architectural, transportation, and technological bar-riers to living with a disability in the United States. 
As a longtime professor at the Uni-
versity at SUNY School of Social Wel-fare he taught courses in social policy and disability studies. In recent years, Bill’s research and writing focused on illuminating the damage done in the aggressive pursuit of dismantling of the U.S. welfare state. His book, ‘‘The Assault on Social Policy,’’ Columbia UP, is now in its second edition. It is recommended reading for all of my col-leagues. Bill Roth fought not only with issues in disability but with his own neuromuscular disorder. He was a little like the phoenix—the bird that kept coming back. He was one of the most courageous people I have ever known. He was brilliant, imaginative, inven-tive, and utterly fearless. Bill inspired those of us who had the good fortune to know him. As Senator Joe Lieberman noted upon hearing of Bill Roth’s death: 
Bill was an extraordinary person—gifted, 
strong, funny, inspiring. We were blessed to know him. 
As lawmakers, we have benefited 
from his many contributions to public policy and discourse. We remember and honor him for these accomplishments. Bill Roth overcame serious illnesses as well as disabilities. He served as a cou-rageous example to his family, friends, colleagues, and students. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING HELM PAINT & 
DECORATING 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses often set the bar for quality and service across the United States. When quality and customer service are at the forefront of a business’s mission, viable, sustainable jobs are created for countless members of our commu-nities. Such is the case with the Small Business of the Week, Helm Paint & Decorating of Hammond, LA. 
Ronald ‘‘Bunky’’ Helm opened shop 
in 1970 on Earhart Boulevard in New Orleans. Despite having to move from their original location after Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the Helm family has continued to bring excellent service and paint colors to south Louisiana. Today, Helm Paint is more than just a paint store—offering a wide variety of specialized paint, decoration, and ac-cessory consultation. Helm’s self-pro-claimed goal is for their customers to have a customized and quality experi-ence. 
Last week, I had the distinct honor 
of officiating the grand opening ribbon cutting of Helm in Hammond, LA. The Hammond store is one of six locations serving south Louisiana communities. Each store participates in its sur-rounding community, holding events throughout the year in support of local 
charities and other organizations. Helm Paint & Decorating is also a tes-tament to how vital small businesses are for creating jobs for Louisianians. Much of the company’s staff are sec-ond, third or even fourth generation employees who serve second, third, and fourth generation customers. Because Helm employees are experts in the products they sell, the majority of cus-tomers only have to complete a project once. As the locals like to say, Helm Paint & Decorating is not just a busi-ness, it is an experience. 
Congratulations again to Helm Paint 
& Decorating for being selected as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for your commitment to customer service and creating quality jobs in communities across the State. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:03 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1030. An act to prohibit the Environ-
mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, disseminating regulations or as-sessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1030. An act to prohibit the Environ-
mental Protection Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 1191. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–988. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States of America, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2014 Annual Nuclear Weapons Stockpile Assess-ments from the Secretaries of Defense and Energy, the three national security labora-tory directors, and the Commander, United States Strategic Command (OSS–2015–0289); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–989. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA FAR Supple-ment, Contractor Whistleblower Protec-tions’’ (RIN2700–AE08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–990. A communication from the Board 
of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Investment Trust, transmitting, pursuant to law, the annual management report relative to its operations and financial condition for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–991. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to Executive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003, a semiannual report detailing telecommuni-cations-related payments made to Cuba pur-suant to Department of the Treasury li-censes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–992. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the implementation of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission for the period from October 1, 2009, through September 30, 2012; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–993. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the implementation of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission for the period from January 1, 2008, through September 30, 2009; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–994. A communication from the Chief, 
Administrative Law Division, Central Intel-ligence Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the po-sition of Inspector General, Central Intel-ligence Agency, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 12, 2015; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. 
HIRONO ): 
S. 796. A bill to incentivize State support 
for postsecondary education and to promote increased access and affordability for higher education for students, including Dreamer students; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 797. A bill to amend the Railroad Revi-
talization and Regulatory Reform Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.011 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1660 March 19, 2015 
1976, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 798. A bill to provide for notice to, and 
input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion places a lien against an insurance com-pany’s assets, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 799. A bill to combat the rise of prenatal 
opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-drome; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , 
Mr. H ATCH , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): 
S. 800. A bill to improve, coordinate, and 
enhance rehabilitation research at the Na-tional Institutes of Health; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C OATS , 
Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
HATCH , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B OOZMAN , 
Mr. M CCONNELL , and Mr. R OBERTS ): 
S. 801. A bill to amend the National Labor 
Relations Act to provide for appropriate des-ignation of collective bargaining units; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 802. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. 803. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide employees in the private sector with an opportunity for compensatory time off, similar to the oppor-tunity offered to Federal employees, and a flexible credit hour program to help balance the demands of work and family, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 805. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to make Hispanic-serving insti-tutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preserva-tion training and degree programs; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 806. A bill to amend section 31306 of title 
49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative specimen for preemployment and random controlled substances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. K IRK, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. V ITTER , 
and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 807. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reform and reset the ex-cise tax on beer, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. 808. A bill to establish the Surface 
Transportation Board as an independent es-tablishment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. RUBIO: 
S. 809. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for qualified elementary and secondary education tuition; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 810. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and improve Medi-care payments for physicians and other pro-fessionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , and Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. 811. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require States to develop policies on positive school climates and school discipline; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): 
S. 812. A bill to enhance the ability of com-
munity financial institutions to foster eco-nomic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 813. A bill to provide the Secretary of 
Defense with authority to transfer funds in order to mitigate the effects on the Depart-ment of Defense of a sequestration of funds available to the Department of Defense , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 814. A bill to provide for the conveyance 
of certain Federal land in the State of Or-egon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 815. A bill to provide for the conveyance 
of certain Federal land in the State of Or-egon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 816. A bill to amend the Coquille Res-
toration Act to clarify certain provisions re-lating to the management of the Coquille Forest; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 817. A bill to provide for the addition of 
certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 818. A bill to amend the Grand Ronde 
Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. W ARNER ): 
S. 819. A bill to reauthorize and reform the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 820. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to enhance the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the credit fully refundable; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. L
EAHY ): 
S. 821. A bill to establish requirements 
with respect to bisphenol A; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and 
Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 822. A bill to expand geothermal produc-
tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and 
Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 823. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Post Office’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 824. A bill to reauthorize the Export-Im-
port Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 825. A bill to terminate the authority to 
waive certain provisions of law requiring the imposition of sanctions with respect to Iran, to codify certain sanctions imposed by exec-utive order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. DAINES: 
S. 826. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to sunset rules after 10 years unless agencies undergo notice and comment rulemaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. T
ESTER ): 
S. 827. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mr. 
THUNE ): 
S. 828. A bill to clarify that a State has the 
sole authority to regulate hydraulic frac-turing on Federal land within the boundaries of the State; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.006 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1661 March 19, 2015 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ANCHIN , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , 
and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 105. A resolution recognizing the 
194th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. Res. 106. A resolution designating March 
22, 2015, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 148 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. P AUL) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire State licensure and bid surety bonds for entities submitting bids under the Medicare durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (DMEPOS) competitive acqui-sition program, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. 
HIRONO ), the Senator from Alabama 
(Mr. S HELBY ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) and the 
Senator from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 441, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s jurisdiction over certain to-bacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manufacturing and distribution of tra-ditional and premium cigars. S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed fire-arms. 
S. 505 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 505, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit. 
S. 539 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 539, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 582 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 582, a bill to prohibit tax-payer funded abortions. 
S. 590 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 590, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual vi-olence, and for other purposes. 
S. 615 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements re-lating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 629 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 629, a bill to enable hospital-based nursing programs that are affiliated with a hospital to maintain payments under the Medicare program to hos-pitals for the costs of such programs. 
S. 650 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
650, a bill to extend the positive train control system implementation dead-line, and for other purposes. S. 688 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 688, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ad-just the Medicare hospital readmission reduction program to respond to pa-tient disparities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 709 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 709, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for over-the- counter drugs under health savings ac-counts and health flexible spending ar-rangements. 
S. 737 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 737, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to extend the ap-plication of the Medicare payment rate floor to primary care services furnished under Medicaid and to apply the rate floor to additional providers of primary care services. 
S. 756 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 756, a bill to require a re-port on accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) and the 
Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F ISCHER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 774, a bill to amend the Federal Financial In-stitutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of de-pository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 783 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 783, a bill to provide for media coverage of Federal court pro-ceedings. 
S. 793 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) and the Sen-
ator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 793, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the refinancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 797. A bill to amend the Railroad 
Revitalization and Regulatory Reform 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.007 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1662 March 19, 2015 
Act of 1976, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, our Na-
tion faces an infrastructure investment crisis across the board, but one aspect of our infrastructure that has been par-ticularly neglected by the Federal Gov-ernment is rail. While the Nation’s large freight rail carriers are able to invest in infrastructure with their own funds, the infrastructure used by pas-senger and many smaller freight rail-roads is deteriorating at an alarming rate. We need to be doing more to re-pair and modernize these tracks, road-beds, bridges, tunnels, and train cars. 
Nowhere is the investment crisis 
more pressing than in New Jersey, where a set of tunnels constructed under the Hudson River in 1910—badly damaged by Hurricane Sandy—must ei-ther be replaced or shut down some-time over the next two decades. The shutdown scenario is unacceptable to the economy of not only my State, but the entire northeast region, if not the country. 
Amtrak has a plan, known as the 
Gateway Program, to replace these tunnels, as well as the century old Por-tal Bridge. Executing the Gateway Pro-gram will take a significant funding commitment from the Federal Govern-ment, and I stand ready to fight for that funding. But, given the significant upfront cost, and the long-term bene-fits and revenue potential, it makes sense to explore financing opportuni-ties in addition to funding. 
The Federal Government already has 
an established financing program in the Railroad Rehabilitation and Im-provement Financing Program, or RRIF. However, the RRIF program is fraught with limitations, particularly in its ability to finance fixed infra-structure projects like a bridge or tun-nel. The program is significantly un-derutilized, especially relative to other Federal financing programs. 
That is why I am introducing the 
Railroad Infrastructure Financing Im-provement Act. This bill would incor-porate into RRIF the policies that make other Federal loan programs more successful. For instance, it will establish new creditworthiness criteria focused on the merits of the project, in-crease repayment flexibility, help le-verage private financing opportunities, speed up the process of applying for and receiving a loan, and improve ac-cess to the program particularly for 
smaller applicants. 
The bill is meant to start a conversa-
tion about the tools we currently have available for investing in rail infra-structure, and the improvements we can make to start getting critical projects like the Gateway Program off the ground. I look forward to working with my colleagues and rail stake-holders to build upon this proposal and move forward on a comprehensive pas-senger rail reauthorization bill. 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. C ASEY ): S. 799. A bill to combat the rise of 
prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal ab-stinence syndrome; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
next month I look forward to hosting our Nation’s newest drug czar at a forum in Covington, KY. It is a forum that will allow Director Bottecelli to hear firsthand accounts of the dev-astating impact of one of America’s most significant public health chal-lenges and one that continues to hit my State particularly hard—the grow-ing epidemic of prescription drug and heroin abuse. 
It is hard to overstate the challenge. 
Drug overdoses, largely driven by pain killers, now claim more Kentucky lives than car accidents, and rising heroin overdose rates now account for nearly one-third of all drug overdose deaths in Kentucky. 
While statistics such as these are 
devastating enough, they hardly paint the full picture because they don’t ac-count for the thousands of innocent children born dependent on opioids. The numbers are hard to hear. Nation-wide we have seen a staggering 300-per-cent increase in the number of infants diagnosed with newborn withdrawal since 2000. But in Kentucky, we saw similar numbers grow by an almost un-believable 3,000 percent. 
It is a tragic challenge, and I say 
that especially as a father of three daughters. But it is a challenge we can do something about. If Washington en-acts the bipartisan Protecting Our In-fants Act that I am introducing today, along with Senator C
ASEY of Pennsyl-
vania, it is a challenge we will do something about. 
This bipartisan bill will do a number 
of important things. It will direct the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop recommendations both for preventing prenatal opioid abuse and treating infants dependent on opioids. It would direct the Secretary to help develop a strategy to address research and program gaps—a step rec-ommended by GAO in one of their re-ports released last month—and it would encourage the Director of the CDC to work with States to help im-prove surveillance and data collection activities in this area. 
Obviously, no piece of legislation 
would ever solve the challenge over-night, but the bipartisan Protect Our Infants Act can help move the country in the right direction. That is why it is supported by the March of Dimes, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. That is why an identical bill will also be introduced in the House today by Congresswoman K
ATHERINE CLARK of Massachusetts 
and Congressman S TEVE STIVERS of 
Ohio. 
I commend these Representatives and 
Senator C ASEY for their leadership on 
this issue. I look forward to working with them to advance this important measure through Congress, and I look 
forward to discussing it with Director Botticelli during his visit to Kentucky in the next few weeks. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 799 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Our Infants Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) Opioid prescription rates have risen dra-
matically over the past several years. Ac-cording to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in some States, there are as many as 96 to 143 prescriptions for opioids per 100 adults per year. 
(2) In recent years, there has been a steady 
rise in the number of overdose deaths involv-ing heroin. According to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, the death rate for heroin overdose doubled from 2010 to 2012. 
(3) At the same time, there has been an in-
crease in cases of neonatal abstinence syn-drome (referred to in this section as ‘‘NAS’’). In the United States, the incidence of NAS has risen from 1.20 per 1,000 hospital births in 2000 to 3.39 per 1,000 hospital births in 2009. 
(4) NAS refers to medical issues associated 
with drug withdrawal in newborns due to ex-posure to opioids or other drugs in utero. 
(5) The average cost of treatment in a hos-
pital for NAS increased from $39,400 in 2000 to $53,400 in 2009. Most of these costs are born by the Medicaid program. 
(6) Preventing opioid abuse among preg-
nant women and women of childbearing age is crucial. 
(7) Medically-appropriate opioid use in 
pregnancy is not uncommon, and opioids are often the safest and most appropriate treat-ment for moderate to severe pain for preg-nant women. 
(8) Addressing NAS effectively requires a 
focus on women of childbearing age, preg-nant women, and infants from preconception through early childhood. 
(9) NAS can result from the use of prescrip-
tion drugs as prescribed for medical reasons, from the abuse of prescription drugs, or from the use of illegal opioids like heroin. 
(10) For pregnant women who are abusing 
opioids, it is most appropriate to treat and manage maternal substance use in a non-pu-nitive manner. 
(11) According to a report of the Govern-
ment Accountability Office (referred to in this section as the ‘‘GAO report’’), more re-search is needed to optimize the identifica-tion and treatment of babies with NAS and to better understand long-term impacts on children. 
(12) According to the GAO report, the De-
partment of Health and Human Services does not have a focal point to lead planning and coordinating efforts to address prenatal opioid use and NAS across the department. 
(13) According to the GAO report, ‘‘given 
the increasing use of heroin and abuse of opioids prescribed for pain management, as well as the increased rate of NAS in the United States, it is important to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of planning and coordination of Federal efforts on prenatal opioid use and NAS’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.012 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1663 March 19, 2015 
SEC. 3. DEVELOPING RECOMMENDATIONS FOR 
PREVENTING AND TREATING PRE-NATAL OPIOID ABUSE AND NEO-NATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Di-rector of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), shall conduct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, soliciting input from nongovernmental entities, including organi-zations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facili-ties, and other entities, as appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall publish on the Internet Web site of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality a report on the study and rec-ommendations under subsection (a). Such re-port shall address each of the issues de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-
section (c). 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The study described in sub-
section (a) and the report under subsection (b) shall include— 
(1) a comprehensive assessment of existing 
research with respect to the prevention, identification, treatment, and long-term outcomes of neonatal abstinence syndrome, including the identification and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or other drugs; 
(2) an evaluation of— (A) the causes of and risk factors for opioid 
use disorders among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women; 
(B) the barriers to identifying and treating 
opioid use disorders among women of repro-ductive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
(C) current practices in the health care 
system to respond to and treat pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants born with neonatal abstinence syndrome; 
(D) medically indicated use of opioids dur-
ing pregnancy; 
(E) access to treatment for opioid use dis-
orders in pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(F) access to treatment for infants with 
neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(3) recommendations on— (A) preventing, identifying, and treating 
neonatal abstinence syndrome in infants; 
(B) treating pregnant women who are de-
pendent on opioids; and 
(C) preventing opioid dependence among 
women of reproductive age, including preg-nant women, who may be at risk of devel-oping opioid dependence. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING PREVENTION AND TREAT-
MENT FOR PRENATAL OPIOID ABUSE AND NEONATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) R EVIEW OF PROGRAMS .—The Secretary 
shall lead a review of planning and coordina-tion within the Department of Health and Human Services related to prenatal opioid use and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
(b) S
TRATEGY TO CLOSE GAPS IN RESEARCH  
AND PROGRAMMING .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy to address research and program gaps, including such gaps identified in find-ings made by reports of the Government Ac-countability Office. Such strategy shall ad-dress— 
(1) gaps in research, including with respect 
to— 
(A) the most appropriate treatment of 
pregnant women with opioid use disorders; 
(B) the most appropriate treatment and 
management of infants with neonatal absti-nence syndrome; and (C) the long-term effects of prenatal opioid 
exposure on children; and 
(2) gaps in programs, including— (A) the availability of treatment programs 
for pregnant and postpartum women and for newborns with neonatal abstinence syn-drome; and 
(B) guidance and coordination in Federal 
efforts to address prenatal opioid use or neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report on the findings of the review described in subsection (a) and the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
SEC. 5. IMPROVING DATA ON AND PUBLIC 
HEALTH RESPONSE TO NEONATAL ABSTINENCE SYNDROME. 
(a) D ATA AND SURVEILLANCE .—The Director 
of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention shall, as appropriate— 
(1) provide technical assistance to States 
to improve the availability and quality of data collection and surveillance activities regarding neonatal abstinence syndrome, in-cluding— 
(A) the incidence and prevalence of neo-
natal abstinence syndrome; 
(B) the identification of causes for neo-
natal abstinence syndrome, including new and emerging trends; and 
(C) the demographics and other relevant 
information associated with neonatal absti-nence syndrome; 
(2) collect available surveillance data de-
scribed in paragraph (1) from States, as ap-plicable; and 
(3) make surveillance data collected pursu-
ant to paragraph (2) publically available on an appropriate Internet Web site. 
(b) P
UBLIC HEALTH RESPONSE .—The Direc-
tor of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shall encourage increased utiliza-tion of effective public health measures to reduce neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 804. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, as the 
founder and the cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have learned much about this devastating disease affect-ing nearly 29 million Americans. For-tunately, due to the Special Diabetes Program and to increased investments in diabetes research, we have seen some exciting breakthroughs and we are on the threshold of a number of im-portant new discoveries. 
This is particularly true for the esti-
mated 1.2 million Americans living with type 1 diabetes. Advances in tech-nology such as continuous glucose monitors are helping patients control their blood glucose levels, which is key to preventing costly and sometimes deadly diabetes complications. We are moving closer and closer to our goal of an artificial pancreas. 
The National Institutes of Health 
and the Food and Drug Administration have been extremely supportive of these innovations in diabetes care. I was, therefore, shocked and troubled to learn that insulin-dependent Medicare beneficiaries are being denied coverage 
for continuous glucose monitors be-cause the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has determined that they do not meet the definition for du-rable medical equipment and do not fall under any other Medicare cat-egory. As a consequence, we are seeing situations similar to what we saw with insulin pumps in the late 1990s, where individuals with type 1 diabetes have had coverage for their continuous glu-cose monitors on their private insur-ance, only to lose that coverage when they get old enough to become eligible for Medicare. 
Let me give some brief background. 
A continuous glucose monitor is a phy-sician-prescribed, FDA-approved med-ical device that can provide real-time readings and data about trends in glu-cose levels every 5 minutes, thus ena-bling someone with insulin-dependent diabetes to eat or take insulin and pre-vent dangerously high or low glucose levels. 
There has been essential and exten-
sive clinical evidence that shows that individuals using this device have im-proved overall glucose control and, thus, reduced rates of hypoglycemia or low blood glucose levels. That is why professional medical societies have rec-ognized the clinical evidence and have published guidelines recommending that these monitors be used in appro-priate patients with type 1 diabetes. 
Now, here is the fact that is aston-
ishing to me. About 95 percent of com-mercial insurers provide coverage for continuous glucose monitors, but Medi-care is refusing to provide coverage for those devices. I recently heard about this problem from one of my constitu-ents, 74-year-old Prudence Barry of Portland, ME. Diabetes treatments have changed dramatically since Pru was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes back in 1954. Back then, it was very dif-ficult for her to control her insulin lev-els and to get her glucose levels prop-erly read. Well, Pru has led an active and fulfilling life. Living with type 1 diabetes for more than 60 years has taken its toll. 
Today, Pru no longer feels it when 
her blood glucose levels drop to dan-gerous levels, causing her to lose con-sciousness and suffer seizures more fre-quently. Nighttime low sugars are par-ticularly troubling. She fears the possi-bility of her blood sugar developing so low during the night that she never wakes up. The continuous glucose mon-itor is a potential lifesaver for Pru be-cause it prevents these dangerously high or low blood glucose levels by alarming the wearer when the glucose levels fall outside of the safe range. 
So even though 95 percent of private 
insurers cover this technology, Medi-care does not. As a consequence, Pru does not have access to the potentially lifesaving device because she cannot af-ford to pay for it out of pocket. Pru is not alone. There are thousands of sen-iors with type 1 diabetes who like my constituent are denied access to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.014 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1664 March 19, 2015 
technology that would help keep them 
healthy and safe. 
The ironic thing is it is only because 
of advances in diabetes care, such as continuous glucose monitors, that peo-ple with type 1 diabetes can expect to live long enough to become Medicare beneficiaries. So I am very concerned about this decision by CMS. It makes absolutely no sense. It contradicts all the work NIH and the FDA are doing to get new innovative treatments and technologies to patients. 
I brought this up in a recent hearing 
of the HELP Committee and asked the outgoing FDA Commissioner what she thought. She expressed her regret about the lack of consultation between her agency and CMS about payments for FDA-approved devices and drugs. I 
am particularly concerned given the implications that this coverage deci-sion will have for future decisions re-garding artificial pancreas systems, which will combine a continuous glu-cose monitor, insulin pump, and so-phisticated algorithm to control high and low blood sugar around the clock. 
This coverage decision on the part of 
CMS—which, after all, is also part of the Department of Health and Human Services—directly counteracts all of the work that the NIH and the FDA are doing to get new innovative treatments and technologies to patients. As I said, I recently had the opportunity at a HELP Committee hearing to ask out-going FDA Commissioner Hamburg whether CMS consults with her agency when making these kinds of coverage decisions. In response to my question, Commissioner Hamburg expressed re-gret that her agency does not routinely consult with CMS about payments for FDA-approved drugs and devices, say-ing that the FDA should ‘‘look at the whole ecosystem of biomedical product development and use, and recognize that each of the different components that often operate in silos actually are very interdependent.’’ I completely agree with her assessment. 
I am therefore joining my colleague 
from New Hampshire and the Co-Chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus in intro-ducing the Medicare CGM Access Act of 2014 to create a separate benefit cat-egory under Medicare for the contin-uous glucose monitor and require cov-erage of the device for individuals meeting specified medical criteria. 
Our legislation is strongly supported 
by a coalition of organizations, includ-ing the American Association of Clin-ical Endocrinologists, the American Association of Diabetes Educators, the Endocrine Society and the JDRF. 
I encourage my colleagues to join us 
as cosponsors of this important legisla-tion. 
I see Senator L
EAHY has come to the 
floor and undoubtedly wants to speak on the pending business. Let me con-clude my remarks by saying I am very pleased the Senator from New Hamp-shire, J
EANNE SHAHEEN , who is the co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, is 
joining me in introducing the Medicare CGM Access Act to create a separate benefit category under Medicare for these monitors and to require coverage of the device for seniors who are meet-ing specified medical criteria. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of endorsement be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 15, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. J
EANNE SHAHEEN , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS AND SHAHEEN , 
Therapy innovation is moving forward at a rapid pace for those living with insulin-de-pendent diabetes. As leaders of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, you have worked to cata-lyze these efforts by ensuring American pa-tients have access to these life-saving tech-nologies that can transform quality of life. Advancements in integrated insulin pump and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technologies are progressing toward closed- loop ‘‘artificial pancreas’’ systems that will enable greater patient care and improved health outcomes. With these technology ad-vancements, thankfully, most children with type 1 diabetes will be Medicare beneficiaries one day, something that could not have been said with such certainty even 20 years ago. 
While thousands of people with insulin-de-
pendent diabetes benefit from advanced dia-betes technologies, including CGM, Medicare beneficiaries do not. CGM is covered by near-ly all private health plans. Numerous studies have demonstrated conclusively that use of CGMs improves glucose control, enabling better patient care, thereby improving pa-tient health. Studies have also shown that use of CGM devices reduce severe hypo-glycemia events, which particularly impact elderly patients and can lead to falls, frac-tures and other complications. The average cost of an inpatient hypoglycemia admission is over $17,500. 
The undersigned organizations strongly 
support your legislation, the Medicare CGM Access Act that would remedy this disparity for those in Medicare. Your legislation cre-ates a new benefit category for FDA ap-proved CGM devices, including stand-alone CGM, CGM integrated with an insulin pump, and future artificial pancreas device sys-tems. This therapy would be covered for those meeting appropriate medical criteria consistent with private coverage and profes-sional clinical guidelines. Again, thank you for your continued leadership on behalf of those with diabetes and we look forward to working with you to move this legislation forward quickly. 
American Association of Clinical 
Endocrinologists (AACE); American Association of Diabetes Educators (AADE); Dexcom; Endocrine Society; JDRF; Johnson & Johnson; Medtronic. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 814. A bill to provide for the con-
veyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
rise to introduce five unique Oregon tribal bills S. 814, S. 815, S. 816, S. 817, and S. 818, that each deliver on prom-ises made to the tribes long ago. By in-troducing these bills today I am renew-ing my commitment to the five Oregon tribes who will benefit greatly from passage of these bills—the Confed-erated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Ump-qua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Coquille Indian Tribe, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of Siletz Indians, and the Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde. 
For the Confederated Tribes of the 
Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indi-ans and the Cow Creek Band of Ump-qua Tribe of Indians, their bills put land into trust, the last two remaining federally-recognized Indian tribes in Oregon without a land base. The third bill amends the Restoration Act of the Coquille Indian Tribe to make forest management activities on tribal lands uniform with the management of other tribal forests. The final two bills streamline the Bureau of Indian Affairs process for putting land into trust for the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indi-ans and the Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde. These five unique bills honor and respect tribal sovereignty and support each tribe’s right to be self-sufficient, build their economies, and support and provide for their com-munities. I am pleased to be joined on these bills by my colleague Senator M
ERKLEY and look forward to working 
with our Senate and House colleagues to advance the bills and to finally send them to the President’s desk. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 814 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon 
Coastal Land Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) C ONFEDERATED TRIBES .—The term ‘‘Con-
federated Tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians. 
(2) O
REGON COASTAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Or-
egon Coastal land’’ means the approximately 14,408 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Oregon Coastal Land Con-veyance’’ and dated March 27, 2013. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Oregon Coastal land, including any improvements located on the land, ap-purtenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— 
(1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Confederated Tribes; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MR6.018 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1665 March 19, 2015 
(2) part of the reservation of the Confed-
erated Tribes. 
(b) S URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of the Oregon Coastal land with— 
(1) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal 
description filed under subsection (a) shall 
have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. 
(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and 
legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 5. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided 
in this Act, nothing in this Act affects any right or claim of the Confederated Tribes ex-isting on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) E XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed-
eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-essed logs that are harvested from the Or-egon Coastal land taken into trust under sec-tion 3. 
(2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any 
real property taken into trust under section 3 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gam-ing activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(c) L
AWS APPLICABLE TO COMMERCIAL FOR-
ESTRY ACTIVITY .—Any commercial forestry 
activity that is carried out on the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 3 shall be managed in accordance with all ap-plicable Federal laws. 
(d) A
GREEMENTS .—The Confederated Tribes 
shall consult with the Secretary and other parties as necessary to develop agreements to provide for access to the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 3 that provide for— 
(1) honoring existing reciprocal right-of- 
way agreements; 
(2) administrative access by the Bureau of 
Land Management; and 
(3) management of the Oregon Coastal land 
that are acquired or developed under chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, con-sistent with section 200305(f)(3) of title 54, United States Code. 
(e) L
AND USEPLANNING REQUIREMENTS .— 
Except as provided in subsection (c), once the Oregon Coastal land is taken into trust under section 3, the land shall not be subject to the land use planning requirements of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or the Act of Au-gust 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.). 
SEC. 6. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes under section 3. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  
LAND.—Not later than 18 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— (1) is approximately equal in acreage and 
condition as the Oregon and California Rail-road grant land identified under subsection (a); and 
(2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon 
and California Railroad grant land. 
(c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register 1 or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-
tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in sub-section (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 
1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 815. A bill to provide for the con-
veyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 815 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cow Creek 
Umpqua Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNCIL CREEK LAND .—The term ‘‘Coun-
cil Creek land’’ means the approximately 17,519 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Canyon Mountain Land Conveyance’’ and dated June 27, 2013. 
(2) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the 
Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians. 
(3) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Council Creek land, including any improvements located on the land, appur-tenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— 
(1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Tribe; and 
(2) part of the reservation of the Tribe. 
(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of the Council Creek land with— 
(1) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal 
description filed under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. (c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and 
legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 5. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided 
in this Act, nothing in this Act affects any right or claim of the Tribe existing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) E XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed-
eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-essed logs that are harvested from the Coun-cil Creek land. 
(2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any 
real property taken into trust under section 3 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gam-ing activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT .—Any forest man-
agement activity that is carried out on the Council Creek land shall be managed in ac-cordance with all applicable Federal laws. 
SEC. 6. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under section 3. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  
LAND.—Not later than 18 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— 
(1) is approximately equal in acreage and 
condition as the Oregon and California Rail-road grant land identified under subsection (a); and 
(2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon 
and California Railroad grant land. 
(c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register 1 or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-
tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in sub-section (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 
1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 816. A bill to amend the Coquille 
Restoration Act to clarify certain pro-visions relating to the management of the Coquille Forest; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 816 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO COQUILLE RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 5(d) of the Coquille Restoration 
Act (25 U.S.C. 715c(d)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.019 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1666 March 19, 2015 
‘‘(5) M ANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary, acting through the As-sistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall manage the Coquille Forest in accordance with the laws pertaining to the management of Indian trust land. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(i) U NPROCESSED LOGS .—Unprocessed logs 
harvested from the Coquille Forest shall be subject to the same Federal statutory re-strictions on export to foreign nations that apply to unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land. 
‘‘(ii) S
ALES OF TIMBER .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, all sales of tim-ber from land subject to this subsection shall be advertised, offered, and awarded accord-ing to competitive bidding practices, with sales being awarded to the highest respon-sible bidder.’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (9); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (10) 
through (12) as paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 817. A bill to provide for the addi-
tion of certain real property to the res-ervation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 817 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PURPOSE; CLARIFICATION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to 
facilitate fee-to-trust applications for the Siletz Tribe within the geographic area spec-ified in the amendment made by this Act. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION .—Except as specifically 
provided otherwise by this Act or the amend-ment made by this Act, nothing in this Act or the amendment made by this Act, shall prioritize for any purpose the claims of any federally-recognized Indian tribe over the claims of any other federally-recognized In-dian tribe. SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROPERTY OF 
THE SILETZ TRIBE OF THE STATE OF OREGON. 
Section 7 of the Siletz Tribe Indian Res-
toration Act (25 U.S.C. 711e) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) T ITLE.—The Secretary may accept 
title to any additional number of acres of real property located within the boundaries of the original 1855 Siletz Coast Reservation established by Executive Order dated No-vember 9, 1855, comprised of land within the political boundaries of Benton, Douglas, Lane, Lincoln, Tillamook, and Yamhill Counties in the State of Oregon, if that real property is conveyed or otherwise trans-ferred to the United States by or on behalf of the tribe. 
‘‘(B) T
RUST .—Land to which title is accept-
ed by the Secretary under this paragraph shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the tribe. 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS PART OF RESERVATION .— 
All real property that is taken into trust under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be considered and evaluated as an on- 
reservation acquisition under part 151.10 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations); and 
‘‘(B) become part of the reservation of the 
tribe. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON GAMING .—Any real 
property taken into trust under paragraph (1) shall not be eligible, or used, for any gam-ing activity carried out under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.).’’. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 818. A bill to amend the Grand 
Ronde Reservation Act to make tech-nical corrections, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 818 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. ADDITIONAL LAND FOR RESERVA-
TION. 
Section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to es-
tablish a reservation for the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Or-egon, and for other purposes,’’ approved Sep-tember 9, 1988 (Public Law 100–425; 102 Stat. 1594; 102 Stat. 2939; 104 Stat. 207; 106 Stat. 3255; 108 Stat. 708; 108 Stat. 4566; 112 Stat. 1896), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to valid’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid’’; and 
(B) by adding after paragraph (1) (as des-
ignated by subparagraph (A)) the following: 
‘‘(2) A DDITIONAL TRUST ACQUISITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ac-
cept title to any additional number of acres of real property located within the bound-aries of the original 1857 reservation of the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon established by Execu-tive Order dated June 30, 1857, comprised of land within the political boundaries of Polk and Yamhill Counties, Oregon, if that real property is conveyed or otherwise trans-
ferred to the United States by or on behalf of the Tribe. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF TRUST LAND .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Applications to take land 
into trust within the boundaries of the origi-nal 1857 reservation shall be treated by the Secretary as an on-reservation trust acquisi-tion. 
‘‘(ii) G
AMING .—Any real property taken 
into trust under this paragraph shall not be eligible, or used, for any Class II or Class III gaming activity carried out under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), except for real property within 2 miles of the gaming facility in existence on the date of enactment of this paragraph that is located on State Highway 18 in the Grand Ronde community of Oregon. 
‘‘(C) R
ESERVATION .—All real property 
taken into trust within those boundaries at any time after September 9, 1988, shall be part of the reservation of the Tribe.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding the table, by 
striking ‘‘in subsection (a) are approxi-mately 10,311.60’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-section (a)(1) are approximately 11,349.92’’; and 
(B) in the table— (i) by striking the following: 
‘‘6 7 8 Tax lot 800 5.55’’; 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘6 7 7, 8, 17, 18 Former tax lot 800, located within the SE 
1⁄4SE 1⁄4of Section 7; SW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4of Sec-
tion 8; NW 1⁄4NW 1⁄4of Section 17; and NE 1⁄4NE 1⁄4of Section 18 5.55’’; 
(ii) in the acres column of the last item 
added by section 2(a)(1) of Public Law 103–445 (108 Stat. 4566), by striking ‘‘240’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘241.06’’; and (iii) by striking all text after 
‘‘6 7 18 E 1⁄2NE 1⁄4 43.42’’; 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘6 8 1 W 1⁄2SE 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 20.6
6 8 1 N 1⁄2SW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 19.99
6 8 1 SE 1⁄4NE 1⁄4 9.99
6 8 1 NE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 10.46
6 8 1 NE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4, NW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 12.99
6 7 6 SW 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 37.39
6 7 5 SE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 24.87
6 7 5, 8 SW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4of Section 5; and NE 1⁄4NE 1⁄4, NW 1⁄4NE 1⁄4, NE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4of Section 8 109.9
6 8 1 NW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 31.32
6 8 1 NE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 8.89
6 8 1 SW 1⁄4NE 1⁄4, NW 1⁄4NE 1⁄4 78.4
6 7 8, 17 SW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4of Section 8; and NE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4, NW 1⁄4NW 1⁄4of Section 17 14.33
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.021 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1667 March 19, 2015 
6 7 17 NW1⁄4NW 1⁄4 6.68
6 8 12 SW 1⁄4NE1⁄4 8.19
6 8 1 SE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 2.0
6 8 1 SW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 5.05
6 8 12 SE 1⁄4, SW 1⁄4 54.64
6 7 17, 18 SW 1⁄4, NW 1⁄4of Section 17; and SE 1⁄4, NE 1⁄4of Section 18 136.83
6 8 1 SW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 20.08
6 7 5 NE 1⁄4SE 1⁄4, SE 1⁄4SE 1⁄4, E 1⁄2SE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 97.38
4 7 31 SE 1⁄4 159.60
6 7 17 NW 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 3.14
6 8 12 NW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 1.10
6 7 8 SW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 0.92
6 8 12 NE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 1.99
6 7 7 NW 1⁄4NW 1⁄4of Section 7; and 
6 8 12 S 1⁄2NE 1⁄4, E 1⁄2NE 1⁄4NE 1⁄4of Section 12 86.48
6 8 12 NE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 1.56
6 7 6 W 1⁄2SW 1⁄4SW 1⁄4of Section 6; and 
6 8 1 E 1⁄2SE 1⁄4SE 1⁄4of Section 1 35.82
6 7 5 E 1⁄2NW 1⁄4SE 1⁄4 19.88
6 8 12 NW 1⁄4NE 1⁄4 0.29
6 8 1 SE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 2.5
6 7 8 NE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 7.16
6 8 1 SE 1⁄4SW 1⁄4 5.5
6 8 1 SE 1⁄4NW 1⁄4 1.34
Total 11,349.92’’. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 821. A bill to establish require-
ments with respect to bisphenol A; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I re-
main concerned about the high levels of exposure Americans have to Bisphenol-A, BPA, an endocrine-dis-rupting chemical. BPA is a synthetic estrogen, which means that it mimics this hormone when in the body. Sci-entific studies continue to show cause for concern, especially for the health effects on babies, children, and expect-ant mothers. While these studies con-tinue to examine the exact effects that BPA has on humans, consumers de-serve more information. 
BPA is most commonly found in food 
products, such as the lining of canned goods like string beans, but consumers 
have no clear way of knowing this. The BPA in Food Packaging Right to Know Act is a simple solution to fix this problem. This legislation requires that food packaging that uses BPA include a clear label that reads, ‘‘This food packaging contains BPA, an endocrine- disrupting chemical, according to the National Institutes of Health.’’ This is basic information that consumers have the right to know so they can make in-formed decisions about the products they wish to purchase. 
This legislation also directs the De-
partment of Health and Human Serv-ices to do a safety assessment of food containers that use BPA to determine if there is reasonable certainty that no harm will come from exposure, includ-ing from low doses over the long term. This safety standard would also apply to the evaluation of alternatives to BPA to ensure that replacement chemicals are not simply causing the same harm by a different name. The legislation calls specific attention to the effects of exposure on vulnerable populations, such as infants, children, pregnant women, and workers who are exposed through production practices 
or handling of final products. 
I am particularly concerned about 
the negative health effects to children who are exposed to chemicals both while they are developing in the womb and in the first few years of their lives. Children are particularly susceptible to toxins while their bodies are devel-oping at such a rapid pace. 
According to Dr. Heather Patisaul, a 
biologist at North Carolina State Uni-versity, when pregnant women are ex-
posed to BPA and other endocrine-dis-rupting chemicals, three generations are impacted: the mother, the fetus, and the reproductive cells in the fetus. She cites that nearly 100 studies have shown an association between BPA ex-posure and negative health effects in humans. These include reproductive disorders, behavioral problems in chil-dren, and heart disease. In addition, there are over 1200 published animal studies on effects of BPA that show po-tential links to cancer, tumors, and brain development disorders. 
A recent study published in Hyper-
tension, a journal by the American Heart Association, found that individ-uals who drank beverages from con-tainers made with BPA had an acute increase in their blood pressure, com-pared with individuals who drank the same beverage from containers that did not use BPA. This shows the potential for an increased risk for heart disease. 
Another recent study, published in 
Endocrinology, a journal by the Endo-crine Society, shows a link between fetal exposure to BPA and increased oxidative stress—an imbalance in the body’s ability to protect against and repair cell damage. 
According to the Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention, 93 percent of Americans have BPA in their bodies. As a society we are constantly exposed to low doses of this chemical over a long timeframe. Consumers deserve the opportunity to have more control over their own exposure and at the least should be provided information about if 
BPA is in the food products that they purchase. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the BPA in Food Packaging Right to Know Act and stand up for the rights of consumers to have this basic information. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 822. A bill to expand geothermal 
production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to introduce the Geothermal Production Expansion Act of 2015 with my colleagues Senators R
ISCH, 
MERKLEY , MURKOWSKI , and C RAPO . 
This bipartisan bill will allow for the 
rapid expansion of already identified geothermal resources without the addi-tional delays of competitive leasing and without opening up those adjacent properties to speculative bidders who have no interest in developing the re-source. At the same time that the bill streamlines the leasing process, it also protects the taxpayer by requiring that developers pay fair market value for the new lease, and limiting the amount of adjacent Federal land that can be leased to 640 acres. 
The Bureau of Land Management, 
which manages geothermal projects on federal land under lease agreements, estimates about 250 million acres of federal land contains geothermal power potential. Geothermal energy projects that are producing geothermal power under the BLM’s management make up about half of the total geothermal gen-erating capacity in the United States. This legislation takes an important step to speed the development of this tremendous clean energy potential on public lands, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.024 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1668 March 19, 2015 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 822 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Geothermal 
Production Expansion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NONCOMPETITIVE LEASING OF ADJOIN-
ING AREAS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES. 
Section 4(b) of the Geothermal Steam Act 
of 1970 (30 U.S.C. 1003(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) A
DJOINING LAND .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) F AIR MARKET VALUE PER ACRE .—The 
term ‘fair market value per acre’ means a dollar amount per acre that— 
‘‘(I) except as provided in this clause, shall 
be equal to the market value per acre (tak-ing into account the determination under subparagraph (B)(iii) regarding a valid dis-covery on the adjoining land) as determined by the Secretary under regulations issued under this paragraph; 
‘‘(II) shall be determined by the Secretary 
with respect to a lease under this paragraph, by not later than the end of the 180-day pe-riod beginning on the date the Secretary re-ceives an application for the lease; and 
‘‘(III) shall be not less than the greater of— ‘‘(aa) 4 times the median amount paid per 
acre for all land leased under this Act during the preceding year; or 
‘‘(bb) $50. ‘‘(ii) I
NDUSTRY STANDARDS .—The term ‘in-
dustry standards’ means the standards by which a qualified geothermal professional as-sesses whether downhole or flowing tempera-ture measurements with indications of per-meability are sufficient to produce energy from geothermal resources, as determined through flow or injection testing or measure-ment of lost circulation while drilling. 
‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED FEDERAL LAND .—The term 
‘qualified Federal land’ means land that is otherwise available for leasing under this Act. 
‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFIED GEOTHERMAL PROFES -
SIONAL .—The term ‘qualified geothermal pro-
fessional’ means an individual who is an en-gineer or geoscientist in good professional standing with at least 5 years of experience in geothermal exploration, development, or project assessment. 
‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED LESSEE .—The term ‘quali-
fied lessee’ means a person that may hold a geothermal lease under this Act (including applicable regulations). 
‘‘(vi) V
ALID DISCOVERY .—The term ‘valid 
discovery’ means a discovery of a geo-thermal resource by a new or existing slim hole or production well, that exhibits downhole or flowing temperature measure-ments with indications of permeability that are sufficient to meet industry standards. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—An area of qualified Fed-
eral land that adjoins other land for which a qualified lessee holds a legal right to develop geothermal resources may be available for a noncompetitive lease under this section to the qualified lessee at the fair market value per acre, if— 
‘‘(i) the area of qualified Federal land— ‘‘(I) consists of not less than 1 acre and not 
more than 640 acres; and 
‘‘(II) is not already leased under this Act or 
nominated to be leased under subsection (a); 
‘‘(ii) the qualified lessee has not previously 
received a noncompetitive lease under this paragraph in connection with the valid dis-covery for which data has been submitted under clause (iii)(I); and ‘‘(iii) sufficient geological and other tech-
nical data prepared by a qualified geo-thermal professional has been submitted by the qualified lessee to the applicable Federal land management agency that would lead in-dividuals who are experienced in the subject matter to believe that— 
‘‘(I) there is a valid discovery of geo-
thermal resources on the land for which the qualified lessee holds the legal right to de-velop geothermal resources; and 
‘‘(II) that thermal feature extends into the 
adjoining areas. 
‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) publish a notice of any request to lease 
land under this paragraph; 
‘‘(II) determine fair market value for pur-
poses of this paragraph in accordance with procedures for making those determinations that are established by regulations issued by the Secretary; 
‘‘(III) provide to a qualified lessee and pub-
lish, with an opportunity for public comment for a period of 30 days, any proposed deter-mination under this subparagraph of the fair market value of an area that the qualified lessee seeks to lease under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(IV) provide to the qualified lessee and 
any adversely affected party the opportunity to appeal the final determination of fair market value in an administrative pro-ceeding before the applicable Federal land management agency, in accordance with ap-plicable law (including regulations). 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON NOMINATION .—After 
publication of a notice of request to lease land under this paragraph, the Secretary may not accept under subsection (a) any nomination of the land for leasing unless the request has been denied or withdrawn. 
‘‘(iii) A
NNUAL RENTAL .—For purposes of 
section 5(a)(3), a lease awarded under this paragraph shall be considered a lease award-ed in a competitive lease sale. 
‘‘(D) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of enactment of the Geo-thermal Production Expansion Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue regulations to carry out this paragraph.’’. 
By Mr. DAINES: 
S. 826. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to sunset rules after 10 years unless agencies undergo notice and comment rulemaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, when I 
travel across the State of Montana, from Alzada to Whitefish, I meet many different people and small businesses. Although the diversity of thought in Montana is self-evident to anyone who has spent time there, everyone agrees on one thing. Regulation dictated by bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. is sti-fling entrepreneurial creativity, push-ing opportunities overseas, and killing jobs. 
While many burdensome regulations 
are new, through adoption of laws such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and the Affordable Care Act, still many more have been on the books for years without review. In an evolving and dynamic economy, regulators should, at the very least, review their regulations on a periodic basis, allow for public input, and eliminate any rules that are either obsolete or unnec-essary. Oftentimes, regulation has unin-
tended consequences on Montana’s small businesses. In discussions about the harmful impacts of regulations with Montanans, Vicki Bertelsen, who is the President of K&K Trucking in Great Falls, said, ‘‘Burdensome report-ing requirements eat up too many busi-ness hours every month. I would rather be growing my business than sending redundant [and] antiquated paperwork to the government.’’ 
With nearly 175,000 pages in the Code 
of Federal Regulations, it is easy to understand how regulations are keep-ing people from getting back to work. 
That is why today I am introducing 
the Regulatory Examination Vital for Improving and Evaluating Working So-lutions, REVIEWS, Act. While this bill recognizes that many regulations serve a noble purpose in protecting con-sumers and natural resources, it also seeks to address a structural deficiency in government agencies which allow obsolete and unnecessary regulations to remain in the Code of Federal Regu-lations. Because agencies operate on limited resources, they focus their ef-forts on drafting new regulatory rules, rather than monitoring the rules that already exist. While most agency em-ployees are well-intentioned, this structural deficiency places a greater emphasis on creating rules, rather than monitoring the application and effec-tiveness of existing rules, only to the detriment of Americans. 
The REVIEWS Act will require agen-
cies to periodically review each regula-tion every ten years using the Notice and Comment process. This require-ment will ensure that obsolete regula-tions are recognized and eliminated and that regulatory cost consider-ations are properly evaluated. If a rule is not reviewed at least every 10 years, it cannot be enforced in court. This re-quirement will provide public account-ability and force regulators to periodi-cally examine existing rules. 
It is my hope that this common sense 
bill will ultimately reduce the regu-latory burden on Americans and allow them to freely pursue their ends, inde-pendently of government intervention. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 826 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulatory 
Examination Vital for Improving and Evalu-ating Working Solutions Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘REVIEWS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘rule’’ 
have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. REGULATORY SUNSET. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 553 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.027 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1669 March 19, 2015 
‘‘(f) E FFECTIVE DATE OF RULES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), any rule required to be pro-mulgated in accordance with this section shall cease to be effective on the date that is 10 years after the date on which the agency promulgates the rule. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The effective period of a 
rule described in paragraph (1) may be ex-tended for additional periods of not more than 10 years if, before the date on which the rule ceases to be effective, the agency that promulgated the rule complies with the pro-cedures under this section as if the rule were a new rule to be issued by the agency.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made under subsection (a) shall apply to a rule promulgated by an agency after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. ENFORCEMENT OF RULES. 
(a) A CTIONS REVIEWABLE .—Section 704 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Agency action’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Agency action’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) C LARIFICATION OF FINAL AGENCY AC-
TION.—For purposes of this section, the term 
‘final agency action’ includes interpretative rules, general statements of policy, and rules of agency organization, procedure, or prac-tice issued by an agency.’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW IN COURT OF APPEALS .—Section 
2342 of title 28, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) all rules of an agency (as defined under 
section 551 of title 5) that— 
‘‘(A) ceased to be effective under section 
553(f) of such title; and 
‘‘(B) the agency continues to enforce.’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 105—RECOG-
NIZING THE 194TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE AND CELEBRATING DE-MOCRACY IN GREECE AND THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARRASSO , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
REEDof Rhode Island, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 105 
Whereas the people of ancient Greece de-
veloped the concept of democracy, in which the supreme power to govern was vested in the people; 
Whereas the founding fathers of the United 
States, many of whom read Greek political philosophy in the original Greek language, drew heavily on the political experience and philosophy of ancient Greece in forming the representative democracy of the United States; 
Whereas Petros Mavromichalis, the former 
Commander in Chief of Greece and a founder of the modern Greek state, said to the citi-
zens of the United States in 1821, ‘‘It is in your land that liberty has fixed her abode and . . . in imitating you, we shall imitate our ancestors and be thought worthy of them if we succeed in resembling you.’’; 
Whereas the Greek national anthem, the 
‘‘Hymn to Liberty’’, includes the words, ‘‘most heartily was gladdened George Wash-ington’s brave land’’; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
generously offered humanitarian assistance to the people of Greece during their struggle for independence; 
Whereas Greece heroically resisted Axis 
forces at a crucial moment in World War II, forcing Adolf Hitler to change his timeline and delaying the attack on Russia; 
Whereas Winston Churchill said, ‘‘if there 
had not been the virtue and courage of the Greeks, we do not know which the outcome of World War II would have been’’ and ‘‘no longer will we say that Greeks fight like he-roes, but that heroes fight like Greeks’’; 
Whereas hundreds of thousands of the peo-
ple of Greece were killed during World War II; 
Whereas Greece consistently allied with 
the United States in major international conflicts throughout the 20th century; 
Whereas Greece is a strategic partner and 
ally of the United States in bringing polit-ical stability and economic development to the volatile Balkan region, having invested billions of dollars in the countries of the re-gion and having contributed more than $750,000,000 in development aid for the region; 
Whereas the government and people of 
Greece actively participate in peacekeeping and peace-building operations conducted by international organizations, including the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the European Union, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, and have more recently provided critical support to the operation of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in Libya; 
Whereas Greece received worldwide praise 
for its extraordinary handling during the 2004 Olympic Games of more than 14,000 ath-letes and more than 2,000,000 spectators and journalists, a feat the government and peo-
ple of Greece handled efficiently, securely, and with hospitality; 
Whereas Greece, located in a region where 
Christianity meets Islam and Judaism, maintains excellent relations with Muslim countries and Israel; 
Whereas the Government of Greece has 
taken important steps in recent years to fur-ther cross-cultural understanding, rap-prochement, and cooperation in various fields with Turkey, and has also improved its relations with other countries in the region, including Israel, thus enhancing the sta-bility of the wider region; 
Whereas the governments and people of 
Greece and the United States are at the fore-front of efforts to advance freedom, democ-racy, peace, stability, and human rights; 
Whereas those efforts and similar ideals 
have forged a close bond between the people of Greece and the United States; and 
Whereas it is proper and desirable for the 
United States to celebrate March 25, 2015, Greek Independence Day, with the people of Greece and to reaffirm the democratic prin-ciples from which those two great countries were founded: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) extends warm congratulations and best 
wishes to the people of Greece as they cele-brate the 194th anniversary of the independ-ence of Greece; 
(2) expresses support for the principles of 
democratic governance to which the people of Greece are committed; and (3) notes the important role that Greece 
has played in the wider European region and in the community of nations since gaining its independence 194 years ago. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 106—DESIG-
NATING MARCH 22, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL REHABILITATION COUN-SELORS APPRECIATION DAY’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 106 
Whereas rehabilitation counselors conduct 
assessments, provide counseling, support families, and plan and implement rehabilita-tion programs for individuals in need of re-habilitation; 
Whereas the purpose of professional orga-
nizations for rehabilitation counseling and education is to promote the improvement of rehabilitation services available to individ-uals with disabilities through quality edu-cation for counselors and rehabilitation re-search; 
Whereas various professional organizations 
have vigorously advocated up-to-date edu-cation and training and the maintenance of professional standards in the field of reha-bilitation counseling and education, includ-ing— 
(1) the National Rehabilitation Associa-
tion; 
(2) the Rehabilitation Counselors and Edu-
cators Association; 
(3) the National Council on Rehabilitation 
Education; 
(4) the National Rehabilitation Counseling 
Association; 
(5) the American Rehabilitation Coun-
seling Association; 
(6) the Commission on Rehabilitation 
Counselor Certification; 
(7) the Council of State Administrators of 
Vocational Rehabilitation; and 
(8) the Council on Rehabilitation Edu-
cation; 
Whereas, on March 22, 1983, the president of 
the National Council on Rehabilitation Edu-cation, testified before the Subcommittee on Select Education of the Committee on Edu-cation and Labor of the House of Representa-tives, and was instrumental in bringing the need for qualified rehabilitation counselors to the attention of Congress; and 
Whereas the efforts of the National Council 
on Rehabilitation Education led to the en-actment of laws that require rehabilitation counselors to have proper credentials, in order to provide a higher quality of service to those in need of rehabilitation: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates March 22, 2015, as ‘‘National 
Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day’’; and 
(2) commends— (A) rehabilitation counselors, for the dedi-
cation and hard work rehabilitation coun-selors provide to individuals in need of reha-bilitation; and 
(B) professional organizations, for the ef-
forts professional organizations have made to assist those who require rehabilitation. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 320. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Ms. 
HEITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.032 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1670 March 19, 2015 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 320. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 48, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 63, line 2 and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 101. DOMESTIC TRAFFICKING VICTIMS’ 
FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 201 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3014. Additional special assessment 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beginning on the date of 
enactment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 and ending on September, 30 2019, in addition to the assessment im-posed under section 3013, the court shall as-sess an amount of $5,000 on any non-indigent person or entity convicted of an offense under— 
‘‘(1) chapter 77 (relating to peonage, slav-
ery, and trafficking in persons); 
‘‘(2) chapter 109A (relating to sexual 
abuse); 
‘‘(3) chapter 110 (relating to sexual exploi-
tation and other abuse of children); 
‘‘(4) chapter 117 (relating to transportation 
for illegal sexual activity and related crimes); or 
‘‘(5) section 274 of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324) (relating to human smuggling), unless the person in-duced, assisted, abetted, or aided only an in-dividual who at the time of such action was the alien’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter (and no other individual) to enter the United States in violation of law. 
‘‘(b) S
ATISFACTION OF OTHER COURT -OR-
DERED OBLIGATIONS .—An assessment under 
subsection (a) shall not be payable until the person subject to the assessment has satis-fied all outstanding court-ordered fines and orders of restitution arising from the crimi-nal convictions on which the special assess-ment is based. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF DOMESTIC TRAF-
FICKING VICTIMS ’ FUND.—There is established 
in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund’ (referred to in this section as the ‘Fund’). 
‘‘(d) D
EPOSITS .—Notwithstanding section 
3302 of title 31, or any other law regarding the crediting of money received for the Gov-ernment, there shall be deposited in the Fund an amount equal to the amount of the assessments collected under this section, which shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(e) A
PPROPRIATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available for obligation or expendi-ture only when specified in appropriations Acts for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(2) E
XPENDITURE OF FUNDS .—Amounts in 
the Fund made available for obligation or expenditure pursuant to paragraph (1) may only be used to award grants or enhance vic-tims’ programming under— 
‘‘(A) sections 202, 203, and 204 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044a, 14044b, and 14044c); 
‘‘(B) subsections (b)(2) and (f) of section 107 
of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105); and 
‘‘(C) section 214(b) of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .—Of the amounts in the Fund 
made available for obligation or expenditure pursuant to paragraph (1), not less than $2,000,000, if such amounts are made avail-able in the Fund during the relevant fiscal 
year, shall be available for grants to provide services for child pornography victims under section 214(b) of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002(b)), as provided in appropriations Acts. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATIONS .—Amounts in the Fund, 
or otherwise transferred from the Fund, shall be subject to the limitations on the use or expending as provided in appropriations Acts. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the day 
after the date of enactment of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, on Sep-tember 30 of each fiscal year, all unobligated balances in the Fund shall be transferred to the Crime Victims Fund established under section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be available for any authorized 
purpose of the Crime Victims Fund; and 
‘‘(B) shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION METHOD .—The amount as-
sessed under subsection (a) shall, subject to subsection (b), be collected in the manner that fines are collected in criminal cases. 
‘‘(h) D
URATION OF OBLIGATION .—Subject to 
section 3613(b), the obligation to pay an as-sessment imposed on or after the date of en-actment of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2015 shall not cease until the assessment is paid in full.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 201 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3013 the following: 
‘‘3014. Additional special assessment.’’. 
SEC. 102. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (G) and (H), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’. 
SEC. 103. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 203. VICTIM-CENTERED CHILD HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING DETERRENCE BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may award block grants to an eligi-ble entity to develop, improve, or expand do-mestic child human trafficking deterrence programs that assist law enforcement offi-cers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-
ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of child vic-
tims of human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of child victims 
of human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) utilize, implement, and provide edu-
cation on safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecution of child sex trafficking victims for prostitution offenses, and other laws aimed at the investigation and prosecution of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to investigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue vic-tims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; 
‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-trafficking prosecution 
units, including the funding of salaries for State and local prosecutors, including assist-ing in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human trafficking offenders, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local prosecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percentage of the total num-ber of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) nongovernmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) the establishment or enhancement of 
other necessary victim assistance programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.035 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1671 March 19, 2015 
or personnel, such as victim or child advo-
cates, child-protective services, child foren-sic interviews, or other necessary service providers; and 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for traf-ficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) mandatory and regular training re-
quirements for judicial officials involved in the administration or operation of the court program described under this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking, including case worker or child welfare supervision in collaboration with judicial officers, who have been identified by a law enforcement or judicial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) the development of a specialized and 
individualized, court-ordered treatment pro-gram for identified victims of child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; ‘‘(D) centralized case management involv-
ing the consolidation of all of each child human trafficking victim’s cases and of-fenses, and the coordination of all traf-ficking victim treatment programs and so-cial services; 
‘‘(E) regular and mandatory court appear-
ances by the victim during the duration of the treatment program for purposes of ensur-ing compliance and effectiveness; 
‘‘(F) the ultimate dismissal of relevant 
non-violent criminal charges against the vic-tim, where such victim successfully complies with the terms of the court-ordered treat-ment program; and 
‘‘(G) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and nongovernmental organizations with substantial experience in delivering wrap-around services to victims of child human trafficking to provide services to vic-tims and encourage cooperation with law en-forcement. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(B) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; 
‘‘(C) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(D) disclose— ‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period ending on the date of the submission of an application under this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall 
give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 3 years after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 2 times and for a period of not greater than 2 years. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contract with a non-
governmental organization, including an academic or nonprofit organization, that has experience with issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct periodic evaluations of grants made under this section to determine the impact and effectiveness of programs funded with grants awarded under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(2) instruct the Inspector General of the 
Department of Justice to review evaluations issued under paragraph (1) to determine the methodological and statistical validity of the evaluations; and 
‘‘(3) submit the results of any evaluation 
conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on the Judiciary of 
the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
‘‘(f) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—An eligible 
entity awarded funds under this section that is found to have used grant funds for any un-authorized expenditure or otherwise unal-lowable cost shall not be eligible for any grant funds awarded under the block grant for 2 fiscal years following the year in which the unauthorized expenditure or unallowable cost is reported. 
‘‘(g) C
OMPLIANCE REQUIREMENT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section if within the 5 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section, the grantee has been found to have violated the terms or conditions of a Government grant program by utilizing grant funds for unauthorized ex-penditures or otherwise unallowable costs. 
‘‘(h) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount expended to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(i) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section shall be— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year, and in all 
subsequent years. 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For purposes of carrying out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated not more than $7,000,000 of the funds available in the Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund, es-tablished under section 3014 of title 18, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the 
Senate on March 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Regu-latory Regime for Regional Banks.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Evolving Cyber Insurance Marketplace.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Affordable Care Act at Five Years.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Patent Reform: Protecting Innovation and Entrepreneurship.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.035 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1672 March 19, 2015 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Airland of the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AFRICA AND GLOBAL HEALTH  
POLICY  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Africa and Global Health Policy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S.-Africa Leader’s Summit Seven Months Later: Progress and Setbacks.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT , AGENCY ACTION , 
FEDERAL RIGHTS , AND FEDERAL COURTS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Oversight, Agency Ac-tion, Federal Rights, and Federal Courts, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 19, 2015, at 3:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reining in Amnesty: Texas v. United States and Its Implications.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Rulemaking Challenges and Areas of Improvement Within the Existing Reg-ulatory Process.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL REHABILITATION 
COUNSELORS APPRECIATION DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 106, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 106) designating 
March 22, 2015, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Counselors Appreciation Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-
sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 106) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
REPORTING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adjournment of the Sen-ate, on Friday, March 20, between 12 noon and 2 p.m., it be in order for the Budget Committee to report out a con-current resolution and that it be in order for the Senate to proceed to that resolution on Monday, March 23. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MARCH 23, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon, Monday, March 23; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
Monday at 12 noon, the Senate will proceed to consider the budget resolu-tion. Senators should expect at least one vote on an amendment to the budg-et at 5:30 p.m. on Monday night. 
For the information of all Senators, 
the budget resolution is privileged and therefore will not displace the pending trafficking legislation. Once the budget resolution has been adopted, the traf-ficking bill will be the pending busi-ness before the Senate. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MARCH 23, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:50 p.m., adjourned until Monday, March 23, 2015, at 12 noon. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
FRANCINE BERMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE GARY D. GLENN, TERM EXPIRED. 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
RICHARD CHRISTMAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2017. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
SHELLY COLLEEN LOWE, OF ARIZONA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2018, VICE JANE M. DOGGETT, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JUAN M. GARCIA III, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JESSICA LYNN WRIGHT, RESIGNED. 
STEPHEN P. WELBY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ZACHARY J. LEMNIOS, RESIGNED. 
MARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION  
ANDREW J. READ, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE MARINE MAMMAL COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 13, 2016, VICE DARYL J. BONESS, TERM EX-PIRED. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
DOUGLAS J. KRAMER, OF KANSAS, TO BE DEPUTY AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION, VICE MARIE COLLINS JOHNS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
LAVERNE HORTON COUNCIL, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE AN 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (INFOR-MATION AND TECHNOLOGY), VICE ROGER W. BAKER. 
DAVID J. SHULKIN, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNDER 
SECRETARY FOR HEALTH OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS, VICE ROBERT A. PETZEL, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN N. T. SHANAHAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JACK WEINSTEIN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH P. DISALVO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN W. BAKER BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER S. BALLARD BRIG. GEN. JOHN W. CHARLTON BRIG. GEN. ROGER L. CLOUTIER, JR. BRIG. GEN. EDWARD M. DALY BRIG. GEN. JASON T. EVANS BRIG. GEN. JOHN G. FERRARI BRIG. GEN. ANTHONY C. FUNKHOUSER BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM K. GAYLER BRIG. GEN. DAVID B. HAIGHT BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH P. HARRINGTON BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM B. HICKMAN BRIG. GEN. CHRISTIOHER P. HUGHES BRIG. GEN. CLAYTON M. HUTMACHER BRIG. GEN. DONALD E. JACKSON, JR. BRIG. GEN. DANIEL L. KARBLER BRIG. GEN. JAMES E. KRAFT, JR. BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL E. KURILLA BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH M. MARTIN BRIG. GEN. PAUL M. NAKASONE BRIG. GEN. MARK J. O’NEIL BRIG. GEN. ANDREW P. POPPAS BRIG. GEN. JAMES E. RAINEY BRIG. GEN. KENT D. SAVRE BRIG. GEN. STEVEN A. SHAPIRO BRIG. GEN. JAMES E. SIMPSON BRIG. GEN. MARK R. STAMMER BRIG. GEN. SEAN P. SWINDELL BRIG. GEN. LEON N. THURGOOD BRIG. GEN. KIRK F. VOLLMECKE BRIG. GEN. FLEM B. WALKER, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.037 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1673 March 19, 2015 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RONALD P. CLARK 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED 
WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. HERMAN A. SHELANSKI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
RACHEL S. THEISEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT A. BLESSING JOHN D. LAING PAUL L. MINOR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOANNE S. MARTINDALE ROBERT J. PAMULA JAMES A. THOMAS CHARLES YOST 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JAMES L. BOGGESS 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE 
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR MISSION SUPPORT UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. SANDRA L. STOSZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:17 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MR6.040 S19MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E365 March 19, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RANDY M. 
HITI 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Randy M. Hiti of Rice Lake, Minnesota. 
Mr. Hiti died suddenly on Wednesday while 
responding to a fire call as a member of the Rice Lake Volunteer Fire Department. During his 26 years of service, I am told that it was a very rare occasion that you would not see him show up when the Fire Department called. He was awarded the Firefighter of the Year Award and taught fire prevention to the Homecroft Elementary School third graders for over ten years. 
He wasn’t just a firefighter. He was a friend 
to many in all his volunteer activities, which in-cluded the Rice Lake Halloween Carnival and Rice Lake Day. Randy also was an eager vol-unteer for the Grandma’s Marathon each year. He was the kind of guy who would drop any-thing for a family member, friend in need or anyone he saw outside of his driving hours to provide roadside assistance or help with day- to-day tasks. It was only recently that his daughter, Katherine Hiti, was inducted into the Volunteer Fire Department and I am sure it was a very proud moment. 
I extend my deepest sympathy to his wife, 
Laura, his daughters Anne and Katherine, his mother Millie, and his brothers Brian and Leon. 
He will be missed in his community as he 
touched so many lives with his spirit of gen-erosity and time. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
MATTHEW EVERETT GREENLEE, MARK ALLEN GREENE, AND ROB-ERT WAYNE VON BOKERN 
HON. THOMAS MASSIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize three of my constituents from Owenton, Kentucky: Matthew Everett Greenlee, Mark Allen Greene, and Robert Wayne Von Bokern. These three outstanding power linemen from Owen Electric Coopera-tive recently volunteered for a project in Haiti that, when completed, will provide safe, afford-able, and reliable power to 1600 consumers. 
The goal of the project is to build a distribu-
tion system that will connect three towns in Haiti and establish its first electric cooperative, the Cooperative Electrique de l’Arrondisement des Co ˆteaux. Upon completion, this diesel- 
solar hybrid electricity distribution system will provide safe, affordable, and reliable power to rural consumers. Tragically, less than 15 percent of Haiti has 
regular access to electricity. So, Mr. Greenlee, Mr. Greene, and Mr. Von Bokern generously gave of their time for two weeks in the town of Roche-a `-Bateaux to help solve this terrible 
problem. My constituents upgraded and in-stalled new lines and service drops. They also trained locally hired linemen in proper con-struction methods, pole climbing techniques, proper handline use, and important safety practices. 
Electricity is essential to the quality of life for 
those in Haiti’s rural communities. It assists in the provision of clean water, healthcare, edu-cation, and general economic opportunity. Therefore, I salute my constituents for contrib-uting their time and efforts in Haiti on this crit-ical project. Their selfless service for others truly helps make this world a better place. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM ‘ZEKE’ 
GRADER, JR. 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with my colleague, M IKETHOMPSON , to recog-
nize the incredible legacy of William ‘Zeke’ Grader, Jr., who has tirelessly served Califor-nia’s fishermen and coastal communities and as an environmental champion and community leader for many decades. Always willing to share his vast knowledge and expertise with others, Zeke has helped fishermen to define their interest in battles over offshore oil and gas development, land-use, timber harvesting, water allocation, and other issues of social eq-uity and sustainability. 
From an early age, Zeke Grader grew up in 
the coastal fishing community. His father founded Grader Fish, Co., in Fort Bragg, Cali-fornia, to buy, process, and broker fresh, local fish. Zeke spent much of his childhood on the family dock, helping fishermen to unload their catch. He graduated from Fort Bragg High School and moved south to attend Sonoma State University, where he studied political science and graduated in 1970. 
Zeke Grader served his country in the 
United States Marine Corps before obtaining a law degree from the University of San Fran-cisco and passing the California State Bar in 1975. At that time, Congress was deliberating how to assert our national sovereignty over a two-hundred mile wide economic zone in order to curb foreign overfishing in U.S. waters, allow depleted stocks to recover, and con-serve fishery resources. Amidst such explo-sive public interest in natural resource protec-tion, some in the fishing industry felt threat-ened by the burgeoning environmental move-ment. Zeke Grader was asked to serve as the executive officer of the newly formed Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations (PCFFA), and he led the organization in a more productive and effective direction by em-bracing efforts to protect the coastal environ-
ment. 
With Zeke at the helm, the PCFFA took a 
leading role in crafting important state and fed-eral legislation to preserve the coastal fishing industry. Zeke lobbied strongly for California’s 1988 Salmon, Steelhead Trout, and Anad-romous Fisheries Program Act, which called for a statewide salmon conservation plan to double the present numbers of wild salmon. He pushed for modernization of the federal Fishery Conservation and Management Act, litigated to expedite water quality restoration under the federal Clean Water Act, and fought for protections of fishing grounds by orga-nizing for the prevention and clean-up of pe-troleum spills. 
In 1988, the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration honored Zeke Grader with its prominent Environmental Hero award. For many Zeke has been a hero over many decades and his tireless efforts to protect the wild California Coast have ensured the present vitality of our fishing communities. 
Our friend and former colleague George Mil-
ler is one of those who counts Zeke as an in-spiration. He passed along this message to us to include in the R
ECORD : ‘‘Zeke Grader has 
been my friend almost my entire time in the Congress. During that time Zeke has been a leader in our state, on the Pacific Coast and in our nation to give voice and rights to the men and women of our vital and historic com-mercial fishing industry. The Pacific coast fish-eries from time to time are threatened with droughts, economic downturns, high fuel prices, habitat destruction, and bad public pol-icy. Through it all, Zeke Grader has led this magnificent group of fishers to maintain and grow our fisheries. So many people in Califor-nia’s diverse economy are dependent on their success. The commercial fishers of the Pacific coast must both catch and protect this mag-nificent species. Zeke Grader for so many years has successfully advocated for both the fish and the fishers. All of us owe him great thanks.’’ 
Today, Zeke continues his strong advocacy 
by working with and advising leaders at every level of industry and government. His legacy shows us the lasting positive impact that one man can have on countless others and he has shown that you can build a thriving and sus-tainable economy without depleting natural re-sources for future generations. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that we honor Zeke today for his work in representing the fishing community, and we express our deepest appreciation for his friendship and his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SKANEATELES 
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS HOCKEY TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the victory of the Skaneateles High 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR8.001 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E366 March 19, 2015 
School Boys Hockey team in the New York 
State Championship game on Sunday, March 15th. The Skaneateles Lakers defeated Williamsville East High School by a score of 5–2 for its first title in 26 years. 
The Lakers fought back from a 2–0 deficit, 
working as a cohesive team to score 3 goals in under 6 minutes. Sophomore Raymond Falso received the tournament’s Most Valu-able Player Award, after having missed six weeks of the regular season due to an injury. Senior Captain Owen Kuhns, sophomores Raymond Falso, Reggie Buell, and Patrick Major were named to the All-Tournament team. The Lakers finished their season with a 22–3–1 record due to the hard work of sen-iors: Briggs Carter, Owen Kuhns, Jarrett McDonald, Cullen McGlynn, James Motyl, Brett Singler, and Trey Wirth; juniors: Karl Adams, Devin Callahan, Sam Clymer, Reece Eddy, Erik Huba, Bennett Morse, Kyle Ochsner, Jacob Patalino, and Benn Russell; sophomores: Matt Benson, Reggie Buell, Dimitris Christou, Ray Falso, Adam Lupo, Pat-rick Major, and Nick Rottger; freshmen: Matt Leveroni and Marc Welch; and eighth-grader: Luke Lynn. The team was coached by Mitch Major, a former captain of the 1989 Skaneateles Lakers team. 
The Lakers have played with dedication and 
respect throughout the entire season. I com-mend the hard work, commitment, and team-work these players have displayed throughout the season and the example they have set for youth throughout the 24th District. Excellence on the ice translates into excellence off the ice and the practice of sacrificing for the common goal, builds character in our children. I could not be more proud to congratulate these young men on their tremendous season. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NATHAN ECK-
ERT ON RECEIVING THE U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE RACHEL CARSON INDIVIDUAL AWARD 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you 
today to honor Nathan Eckert, the recipient of the 2014 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Ra-chel Carson Individual Award. This award is bestowed upon employees of the Service whose outstanding contributions improve the Service’s knowledge and management of fish and wildlife resources. Nathan is a mussel bi-ologist at the Genoa National Fish Hatchery in Genoa, Wisconsin, and this recognition—con-sidered one of the highest honorary awards in the Service—is well deserved for his extraor-dinary work in freshwater mussel conserva-tion. 
At the Genoa Fish Hatchery, Nathan has 
been researching and implementing new tech-niques and rearing systems for imperiled freshwater mussels. As an expert in mussel identification, Nathan has helped the Genoa facility produce nearly 15 million mussels of 17 species, and his endeavors have directly re-sulted in the release of more than 50,000 threatened or endangered mussels into water-ways in the Upper Mississippi River Basin. Nathan’s work also includes assisting various mitigation efforts involving projects that impact 
freshwater mussel populations, providing rare mussel species to partners such as the U.S. Geological Survey and many toxicology labs to study the effects of pesticides and contami-nants on mussel survival. 
Nathan’s dedication and leadership has 
proved critical to protecting and sustaining the rich biodiversity of the Mississippi River. It is with great pride today that I rise to congratu-late Nathan for receiving the Rachel Carson Individual Award and to sincerely thank him and the Genoa Fish Hatchery for building a legacy of conservation for generations to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EL CENTRO 
STUDENTS THIRD PLACE PRIZE IN C-SPAN’S VIDEO DOCUMEN-TARY COMPETITION 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Andrea Vallejo, Shelbie Verbrugh, and Kennent Sandoval, seniors at Southwest High School in El Centro, California, for their out-standing achievement in winning Third Prize at C–SPAN’s National 2015 StudentCam Com-petition. StudentCam offers students across the nation an opportunity to showcase their talents in a friendly national competition. 
All aspects of the video production, includ-
ing the research and planning in their docu-mentary, ‘‘Salton Sea Restoration,’’ dem-onstrated the highest level of critical thinking, initiative, and ingenuity. The ‘‘Salton Sea Res-toration’’ placed third out of the 2,280 videos submitted, by more than 5,000 students around the country. 
This competition is one of our nation’s best 
platforms for our youth to express their opin-ions on national issues, provide eye-opening and inspiring views of the country, and con-tribute to the construction of a beloved com-munity. 
I want to congratulate these award recipi-
ents and encourage more youth involvement in the greater discourse about our commu-nities. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH 
PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF REV. DR. RONALD L. OWENS 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Rev. Dr. Ronald L. Owens as he celebrates his 25th Pastoral Anniversary as Senior Pastor of New Hope Baptist Church in Metuchen, New Jersey. Pastor Owens con-tinues to provide outstanding spiritual leader-ship to the Metuchen community. 
Dr. Owens attended New Hope Baptist 
Church as a child and in 1990 was called back to serve as its pastor. Under his leader-ship, the membership of New Hope Baptist Church has grown immensely. He has encour-aged his congregants to practice faith in ac-tion, serving the needs of people through sev-
eral worship and outreach ministries. 
In addition to his service to New Hope Bap-
tist Church, Dr. Owens is also a leader in the Baptist church and an active member of the community. He has served as General Sec-retary of the General Baptist State Convention of New Jersey, Moderator of the Middlesex Central Baptist Association, Inc. and past president of the Metuchen/Edison Clergy As-sociation. He is also the first Chaplain of the Metuchen Police and Fire Departments, where he continues to counsel, former Vice-Chair-man of the Middlesex County Democratic Party and is a member of The Prince Hall Ma-sons of New Jersey, among others. 
Dr. Owens is married to Sister Cheryl 
Owens, formerly Cheryl Jones, and together they are blessed with two daughters and four grandsons. An active member of her faith, Sis-ter Cheryl Owens is also celebrating her 25th anniversary of First Lady of New Hope Baptist Church and I would like to join with the church and community in thanking her for her service. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
celebrating the 25th Pastoral Anniversary of Rev. Dr. Ronald L. Owens. His leadership, service and dedication to the church and com-munity are truly deserving of this body’s rec-ognition. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ELLIE CAMP-
BELL FOR HONOR ORCHESTRA OF AMERICA SELECTION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ellie Campbell from Richmond, Texas for her selection to the Honor Orchestra of America. She is one of only two Harpists who performed at the Orchestra America Na-tional Festival in Indianapolis. 
Ellie performs with Virtuosi, a Houston-area 
orchestra, and the Region 13 Philharmonic Or-chestra. With Virtuosi, she had the opportunity to perform the prelude music for Violinist Itzhak Perlman’s performance with the Hous-ton Symphony in Jones Hall. Music plays an important role in our lives and talented musi-cians like Ellie contribute to our ability to ap-preciate the beauty of classical music. 
I commend Ellie for all of her musical ac-
complishments in Houston and beyond. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratula-tions again Ellie Campbell for her achieve-ments. 
f 
HONORING MS. GAYE L EBARON, 
SONOMA COUNTY WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Gaye LeBaron as one of the Fifth District of California’s Women of the Year as we celebrate Women’s History Month. I regularly have the privilege to work with ex-traordinary women across our district, and I am proud to recognize Gaye as one of them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MR8.006 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E367 March 19, 2015 
Ms. LeBaron is a renowned columnist for 
the Press Democrat newspaper, the best known historian of Sonoma County, and has been prolifically telling the story of our county, with over eight thousand articles published. Ms. LeBaron posses a rare gift: a genuine in-terest in people and their stories. In even the smallest stories, she saw the larger truth. Her influence and acclaim have grown over the years because of this focus and the level of trust she has built with the general public through her constancy. 
As one of Ms. LeBaron’s colleagues at the 
Press Democrat put it: ‘‘Readers trust her to tell them the truth about what is going on in their community. The depth of her commitment is palpable and readers respond to that.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Ms. LeBaron not only for her commitment to telling the story of Sonoma County, but also for her commitment to our community. Ms. LeBaron’s unyielding dedication to the people and places that make our region unique is greatly appreciated by our entire community and we wish her continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, March 4, 2015, I was unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘no’’ on roll call vote No. 110 (on agreeing 
to the McClintock amendment to H.R. 749), 
‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote No. 111 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 749, with instructions), and 
‘‘yes’’ on roll call vote No. 112 (on passage 
of H.R. 749). 
f 
EXEMPLARY VOLUNTEERISM: PAM 
KLEINSCHMIDT AND JERRY LAWSON 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize two citizen volunteers from the Lin-coln Park neighborhood in Duluth. The have used their talents to give back to the commu-nity by assisting with policing efforts. 
Pam Kleinschmidt regularly staffs the Lin-
coln Park and West Duluth police stations by answering phones and assisting with walk-in traffic. Pam, who is often referred to as the ‘‘Mayor of Lincoln Park,’’ goes out of her way often at her own expense to take phone calls from concerned citizens at all hours of the day and night. In addition to helping the police build relationships with residents and small business owners in the neighborhood, she or-ganizes monthly meetings for citizens and makes sure their concerns are addressed. Pam has been instrumental each week in keeping an eye on problem areas in the neighborhood and works with the police to help find solutions. When the police department found itself 
needing help with managing seized cars used to commit crimes, they were fortunate to find a multi-faceted volunteer in Jerry Lawson. They needed a mechanic, an accountant and a customer service representative. He fulfills all these tasks and the police department frankly says they couldn’t manage the im-pound lot without him. Jerry’s volunteer efforts as he helped establish the ‘‘Vial of Life’’ pro-gram, which provides medical information to first responders as well as helping expand and improve the citizen patrol program. 
They were recently honored by receiving the 
Police Chief’s Citizen Partnerships Awards by Duluth’s Police Chief Gordon Ramsay. I stand today to salute these exceptional volunteers who are making a true difference in their com-munity. 
f 
DEMOCRACY RESTORATION ACT 
OF 2015 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to introduce the Democracy Restoration Act of 2015. This legislation will serve to clarify and expand voting rights, as well as assist former felons with their reintegration into our democ-racy. 
The Sentencing Project reports that, since 
1997, 23 states have amended felony dis-enfranchisement policies in an effort to reduce their restrictiveness and expand voter eligi-bility. These reforms have resulted in an esti-mate of 800,000 citizens regaining their voting rights. Yet, despite these reforms, an esti-mated 5.85 million people continue to be ineli-gible to vote in Federal elections, including more than 4 million who reside in the 35 states that still prohibit some combination of persons on probation, parole, and/or people who have completed their sentence from vot-ing. 
I believe that there are three grave discrep-
ancies in State laws regarding felony convic-tions that lead to unfairness in Federal elec-tions. First, there is no uniform standard for voting in Federal elections, which leads to an egregious disparity and unequal participation in Federal elections based solely on where a person lives. Second, laws governing the res-toration of voting rights after a felony convic-tion are unequal throughout the country and persons in some States can easily regain their voting rights while in other States persons ef-fectively lose their right to vote permanently. Third, State disenfranchisement laws dis-proportionately impact ethnic minorities, thus adversely infringing upon citizens of these communities constitutional right to vote. 
These concerns about ex-offender dis-
enfranchisement are not rhetorical. In the past two election cycles, flawed voter purges have deprived thousands of legitimate voters of their rights. For example, an erroneous inter-pretation of state law by the Ohio Secretary of State deprived thousands of ex-felons in that state of even the right to register. Only Fed-eral law can conclusively resolve the ambigu-ities in this area plaguing our voting system. 
Like the States, Congress has recognized 
the need to address the barriers to full citizen-ship faced by ex-offenders. This voting legisla-
tion is the next step in restoring the ex-felon community to full citizenship. Denying voting rights to ex-offenders robs them of the oppor-tunity to fully participate and contribute to their society. Disenfranchisement laws isolate and alienate ex-offenders, and have been shown to serve as one more obstacle in their attempt to successfully reintegrate into society. More-over, these obstacles adversely impact the voting participation of their families, further un-dermining the effectiveness of our voting sys-tem. 
This legislation is a narrowly crafted effort to 
expand voting rights for ex-felons, while pro-tecting State prerogatives to generally estab-lish voting qualifications. This legislation would only apply to persons who have been released from prison, and it would only apply to federal elections. Consequently, the bill is fully con-sistent with Constitutional requirements estab-lished by the Supreme Court in a series of de-cisions upholding Federal voting rights laws. 
In past Congresses, voting restoration legis-
lation has been supported by a broad coalition of groups interested in voting and civil rights, including the NAACP, ACLU, the National Council of Churches (National and Wash-ington Office), the National Urban League, the Human Rights Watch and the Lawyers Com-mittee for Civil Rights, among many others. 
The practice of many states denying voting 
rights to former felons represents a vestige from a time when suffrage was denied to whole classes of our population based on race, gender, religion, national origin, and property. Ex-felons who have been lawfully re-leased from prisons have paid their debts to society. To continue denying them the ability to reclaim rights as citizens resurrects historic unenlightened practices of our society. Ulti-mately, I believe that we fail not only ex-of-fenders by denying them the right to vote, but the rest of a society that has struggled throughout its history to be legitimate and in-clusive. Just like poll taxes and literacy tests, it is long past time that these restrictions be relegated to unenlightened history. 
f 
EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Rotary Club of Katy for re-ceiving the Katy Area Chamber of Commerce Award for Exceptional Service. Formed in 1946, the Rotary Club has served Katy for nearly sixty years. 
The Katy Area Chamber of Commerce se-
lected the Rotary Club of Katy because of their dedication to our community. Every year they hold two large fundraisers. To date, they have raised and donated over $110,000 to local schools and charities in Katy. I thank the Rotary Club of Katy for their selfless dedica-tion and focus on giving back to our commu-nity. With an emphasis on community service, Rotary Clubs across America play a vital role in strengthening our local communities. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to the Rotary Club of Katy for being presented the Katy Area Chamber of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.004 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E368 March 19, 2015 
Commerce Exceptional Service Award. We 
look forward to their continued success in Katy, TX. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE, ACHIEVE-
MENTS AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF MINNIE MINOSO TO AMERICAN BASEBALL 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a great baseball player and human being who passed away on March 1, 2015, Saturnino Orestes Armas Arrieta who was bet-ter known as Minnie Minoso, the Cuban Comet and Mr. White Sox. 
Minnie Minoso was born November 29, 
1925 in Cuba. He played baseball there and had the opportunity to play baseball here in the U.S. in the Negro Leagues, for, being a Black Cuban, he wasn’t allowed to play in the Major Leagues. He played three years with the New York Cubans and then because of Bill Veeck, who was one of the leaders in inte-grating baseball—the American League’s Branch Rickey, Minoso had the opportunity to play in the Major Leagues. He was originally signed to the Cleveland Indians but was trad-ed to the Chicago White Sox in 1951, where, because of his unlimited exuberance and ef-fort, he became known as the ‘‘Cuban Comet.’’ 
Minoso was a great White Sox player, one 
of the greatest players of the 1950s and a great emissary of Latin American baseball players. He was the first Black Latin American player and superstar, the first black White Sox player and the third American League player of African descent. 
Minnie Minoso had a great career. He did 
everything in baseball. He hit for average, he hit for power, he had speed, he was a great fielder, and a great competitor. In his career, Minoso batted .300 eight times, had a career batting average of .298 with 1023 RBIs and hit 186 home runs. He was a seven-time major league All-Star, a three-time Gold Glove Award winner and was one of only two players to play in the Major Leagues for five decades. In 1990, the White Sox wanted him to play in his sixth decade, which would have placed him in a league of his own. At the time, I placed a call to MLB Commissioner Fay Vin-cent and argued for Minnie being allowed to play in just one game and accordingly have six decades under his belt. Unfortunately Commissioner Vincent respectfully declined. 
In addition to Minnie being one of the great-
est baseball players of the 1950s, he was sim-ply a great human being. In 1955, I lived in Memphis, Tennessee and was recovering from childhood polio. I went to an exhibition baseball game at Russwood Park where the White Sox were playing the Cardinals. I had a White Sox cap kind of like this one—this is a Minnie Minoso cap—and I had a White Sox t- shirt. I was on crutches and getting auto-graphs when a player came and gave me a baseball. I went to my dad and told him about it; we went down to thank the player. He was a white pitcher for the Cardinals named Tom Poholsky. He said, ‘‘Don’t thank me. Thank that player over there.’’ That was number nine for the White Sox, Minnie Minoso. In the entire 
baseball field of 50 players or more, one cared about a young boy with polio who was a White Sox fan and wanted to do something for him. But in segregated Memphis, a black player didn’t feel comfortable doing that, so he did it through a white player. The experience taught me at a very early age about the horrors of discrimination, prejudice and racism. 
After that, Minnie became my friend. I vis-
ited him in Chicago and went into the White Sox locker room where he gave me his bat and cap. When he came to Memphis in 1960, I visited him at the Lorraine Motel, which was where the black players stayed while the white players were at the Peabody—another lesson in discrimination that taught me well and has taught me to this day to be vigilant against all forms of racism and discrimination. The Lor-raine was where Dr. King was killed and now is a great Civil Rights museum in Memphis. 
I followed Minnie my whole life. He was like 
a part of my family. We moved to Los Angeles and we went and visited him at Chavez Ra-vine. He came up to my dad, and he said ‘‘Doc, how’s the kid’s leg, how’s he doing?’’ He always was concerned. 
Minnie was denied one of his life’s goals of 
being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. I tried to help him with that. Baseball made a mistake; they should have put Minnie in the Hall of Fame for his Sporting News Rookie of the Year season in 1951 and for all his great years on the diamond where 
he was unquestionably one of the premiere players of the game through 1961, in addition to being the first Black Latin American Major Leaguer and the first Latin American star. While he was not afforded this honor during his lifetime, Minoso’s achievements were rec-ognized through his induction into the Cuban Baseball Hall of Fame in 1983, the Hispanic Heritage Baseball Hall of Fame in 2002, the Latino Baseball Hall of Fame in 2010, and having had his number nine retired by the White Sox, his statue placed at U.S. Cellular Field as he was ‘‘Mr. White Sox,’’ and over 35 years of being the White Sox ambassador to Chicago. It is my hope that Minnie will soon be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum as it needs Minnie to remember this groundbreaking and popular diamond star. 
Minnie Minoso died Sunday, March 1, 2015. 
Visitation was Friday, March 6th at Holy Fam-ily Church in Chicago and the funeral was that Saturday. I’ll miss Minnie Minoso. He is a les-son in why sports are bigger than runs, hits and errors. It is about human beings and hu-manity and young kids. Thank you, Minnie. Yours was a life well-lived. 
f 
HONORING FRANK DEAN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleas-
ure to recognize Frank Dean who will be retir-ing from the National Park Service after nearly forty years of dedicated service. Since 1976 when he first joined the National Park Service as a Ranger at Alcatraz Island, Frank Dean has remained committed to preserving the nat-ural beauty and strong cultural heritage of America’s National Parks for this and future generations. Over the past four decades, Mr. Dean has 
served the American public at parks across the United States, and he will retire in March 2015 as the General Superintendent of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area (GGNRA). Since 2009, Frank Dean has taken on the monumental task of managing the GGNRA, which is the nation’s largest urban park and is currently visited by an estimated twenty million people each year. As General Superintendent, Mr. Dean has been respon-sible for overseeing a staff of nearly three hundred federal employees and tens of thou-sands of volunteers, in partnership with over twenty-five affiliated nonprofit and commercial organizations. Frank Dean’s ability to balance the diverse and competing interests of those who enjoy the park has allowed the GGNRA to continue to flourish and expand its appeal while keeping pace with America’s changing demographics. 
Under Mr. Dean’s visionary leadership, 
world-class art has been incorporated to en-hance the park through unique installations, such as Mark di Suvero at Crissy Field and @Large: Ai Weiwei on Alcatraz Island. Frank Dean has pursued the park service’s proud tradition of providing youth engagement and educational opportunities through the Park Youth Collaborative. He has overseen critical improvements of park land, notably the res-toration of natural ecosystems at Muir Beach to benefit endangered Coho salmon popu-lations. Frank Dean also played a leading role in forging the Tamalpais Lands Collaborative, a groundbreaking five-way partnership to se-cure a better future for Mt. Tamalpais. 
Frank Dean’s effective leadership has bene-
fited all who enjoy the Golden Gate National Recreation Area. While he may be retiring from the National Park Service, his out-standing commitment to our parks will con-tinue as Mr. Dean works to preserve and pro-tect Yosemite National Park as the new Presi-dent and CEO at Yosemite Conservancy. Please join me in recognizing Frank Dean and expressing deep appreciation to him for his long and impressive career, and exceptional record of service to our great nation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SUPER 
STATE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA SCHOLASTIC STATE CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the members of the Southwest High School Chess Club for their outstanding achievement in winning First Place at the 2015 Super States Southern California Scho-lastic State Chess Championship for the K–12 Under 1200 rating section. This championship offers students across the state an opportunity to showcase their chess skills through friendly competition. 
I would like to recognize the Southwest High 
School Chess Club for providing instructors, equipment and curricula to after-school pro-grams. These programs are designed to pro-mote problem-solving, higher-level thinking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.007 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E369 March 19, 2015 
skills, and improved self-esteem, which are 
crucial to developing the young minds of our children. 
Once again, I would like to congratulate the 
Southwest High School Chess team for a job well done! 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. DAWN 
HOBBY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to a great friend and Emmy award-winning journalist, Ms. Dawn Hobby. Dawn has worked at WALB–TV in Albany, Georgia for more than 20 years and currently serves as the News Director. She will be retiring on March 20, 2015. 
For many years, Dawn was a familiar face 
on the evening news in Albany, Georgia. In-deed, she has built quite an impressive career which began when she worked as a producer at WALB. She later became a reporter and then an anchor. She launched the news oper-ation for Albany station WFXL, before return-ing to WALB five years later. 
A prominent investigative reporter, Dawn 
has received numerous honors and awards for her work. In 2011, she won an Emmy Award from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Southeast for her work on the ‘‘Gulf Oil Crisis’’ special report. In 2007 and 2009, Dawn was awarded the Gabby Award for ‘‘Best TV On-Air Personality’’ by the Geor-gia Association of Broadcasters. She also holds three prestigious Golden Viddy Awards from the National Academy of Television Jour-nalists for ‘‘Best Female Anchor’’ and ‘‘Best In-vestigative Reporting.’’ She has been honored by the Associated Press Broadcasters Asso-ciation, the Green Eyeshade Awards for Ex-cellence in Journalism from the Society of Pro-fessional Journalists, Georgia Trend maga-zine, and numerous other organizations and publications. 
Dawn is a 2011 graduate of the Raycom 
Media Leadership program and a 2012 grad-uate of the Poynter Leadership Academy at the Poynter Institute in St. Petersburg, Florida. She serves on the Board of Directors for the Georgia Associated Press and was appointed to the Raycom Media News Directors Advisory Board in April 2014. 
Dawn’s work at WALB, the NBC- and ABC- 
affiliated television station for Southwest Geor-gia, has made her a household name in Al-bany and the surrounding areas. She an-chored WALB News 10 alongside Ben Rob-erts for more than 20 years, covering many of Southwest Georgia’s most memorable events. I have had the pleasure of working with her throughout the years and I know she will truly be missed on the air and at WALB. 
Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You 
make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Dawn has given her time and talents to keeping the residents of Southwest Georgia informed about current events taking place throughout the state of Georgia, our great na-tion, and the world. A woman of great integ-rity, her efforts, her dedication, and her exper-tise are unparalleled. Albany, Georgia shined 
a little brighter because of Dawn Hobby. 
Dawn has accomplished much in her life but 
none of it would be possible without the love and support of husband, Russell, and her son. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Ms. Dawn Hobby upon the oc-casion of her retirement from an outstanding career in journalism. 
f 
HONORING STEVE BROWN 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Steve Brown, an extraordinary com-munity leader, an accomplished businessman, and a friend, whose life was tragically taken when he was killed riding his bicycle last April. 
Steve was a man who lived his life the right 
way every day. He grew up in Illinois and moved to Florida in 1978 to start his career. Steve was a master salesman, who built Brown’s Furniture in Boca Raton and Jupiter, Florida into landmark furniture and design stores. Steve believed his business should be built on the hallmarks of honesty, integrity, hard work and devoted service. He would do anything for his customers, even loaning them furniture until they had chosen what they wanted, so that their homes wouldn’t be empty in the interim. Steve was extraordinarily loyal to those who worked with him; the average employee of Brown’s has been with the com-pany for more than twenty years. 
Steve was a dedicated member of his com-
munity. He was very active on the board of the Florence Fuller Child Development Center and helped to manage their thrift shop. He served on the board of Temple Beth El of Boca Raton for many years and chaired the membership committee. Steve was active in helping resettle Jewish refugees from the former Soviet Union when they came to South Florida, and he would regularly loan his com-pany’s trucks to needy or vulnerable families if they needed help with a move. He was active with the Jewish Federation of South Palm Beach County and an ardent supporter of America’s bond with the State of Israel through Israel Bonds. 
Most important to Steve was the love he 
shared for his family. He was a loyal son to his father and mother Carol and Murray Brown, a dedicated brother to David and Pam, and a loving and devoted husband to his wife Dana, the love of his life. Most important to Steve were his children: his daughter Susie and her husband Micha, his son Andrew, his wife Jennifer, and his youngest son Jordan. If only he could have lived to see the birth of his granddaughter Sara, born last August. 
I am glad to take this opportunity to cele-
brate Steve’s life and legacy, and I join with my friends at Spanish River Community High School in my district who will be honoring Steve’s memory on March 28, 2015. For all of us who were privileged to know Steve or were touched by his vibrant life that was all too short, Steve’s memory truly is a blessing. HONORING JOHN THOMAS DODSON 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor John Thomas Dodson, Music Director of the Adrian Symphony Orchestra, and to thank him for his impact on the musical life of the Adrian community over the past 14 years. 
Many years ago, I served on the Board of 
Directors which brought John Dodson to the symphony, which he has energetically over-seen since 2001. During that time, he elevated the artistic level of the orchestra while collabo-rating with artists of the highest quality. His authority at the podium and willingness to en-gage new formats and audiences will certainly be missed when he steps down from his posi-tion next month. 
His talents have been recognized beyond 
the walls of the Dawson Auditorium, as Mr. Dodson was awarded the 2008 Lenawee Arts Award from the Croswell Opera House. He also earned the Ross Newsom Award for Out-standing Teaching in 2009 by Adrian College where he taught from 2001–2013. 
On April 19, 2015, he will direct Symphony 
No. 9 in D Minor, the final complete symphony of Ludwig van Beethoven, and fittingly, Mr. Dodson’s final classical concert performance with the Adrian Symphony Orchestra. I know the Adrian community looks forward to one last inspiring performance and wishes Mr. Dodson the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MS. CYNTHIA ORTIZ 
GUZMAN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Ms. Cynthia Ortiz Guzman as one of the Fifth District of Califor-nia’s Women of the Year as we celebrate Women’s History Month. I regularly have the privilege to work with extraordinary women across our district, and I am proud to recog-nize Cynthia as one of them. 
When meeting Ms. Guzman for the first 
time, you are immediately taken in by her per-sonal warmth, keen sense of humor, friendly smile and her enthusiasm for life. In 2011, Ms. Guzman was diagnosed on her 63rd birthday with younger-onset Alzheimer’s disease. Not one to accept her challenges without a fight, Ms. Guzman moved to Napa to be closer to her family, and began raising awareness and advocating for increased research funding for this terrible disease. She has been an active member of the Alzheimer’s Association and has been spreading her personal story throughout the region. 
Ms. Guzman’s story has been published in 
multiple books, magazine, and newspapers. She has come to my office in Washington, D.C. as a part of the Alzheimer’s Association Advocacy Forum and I’m proud to have par-ticipated multiple times in her Walk to End Alz-heimer’s. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Ms. Guzman not only 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.009 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E370 March 19, 2015 
for her commitment to fighting this terrible dis-
ease, but also for her commitment to our com-munity. Ms. Guzman’s unyielding dedication to raising funds and awareness and guiding our policymakers in Napa County is greatly appre-ciated by our entire community and we wish her continued success. 
f 
HONORING MARGARET HARFIELD 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Margaret Harfield, who is celebrating her 105th birthday this month. Margaret is a remarkable woman who has made significant contributions to the film industry, where she established herself as one of the first female professionals in a field once dominated by men. 
Margaret grew up in New Jersey, where she 
had the special privilege of working with the world-renowned escape-artist Harry Houdini as his projectionist and assistant film editor. At a time when few women were able to enter the film industry, Harfield’s unprecedented work for Mr. Houdini and beyond dem-onstrated her extraordinary talent, hard work and dedication to her profession. Margaret continued to break barriers with her work on movie tone newsreels and national commer-cials, later joining the film technicians union where she continued to thrive as an editor. Later, she became one of the founders of the National Film Editors Guild. In 1944, Margaret became an assistant editor for Paramount News and was quickly promoted to be an edi-tor for the Life Stories Divisions, where she worked on film biographies used in newscasts and movie theatre reels. Margaret married the love of her life and late husband Harry Hartfield in 1933, and lived together with him in Florida for more than 50 years. 
Today, Harfield still lives in South Florida 
where she is a proud mother, grandmother and great grandmother. 105 years young, she is still an active member of her community and can be found at the local Bingo hall every Tuesday night and at many other functions across town. 
It is a privilege, Mr. Speaker, to represent a 
district with citizens like Margaret Harfield. Harfield is a woman of great accomplishment, and I am incredibly pleased she is continuing to enrich the lives of those around her. On be-half of my entire district and the United States Congress, Happy Birthday, Margaret! 
f 
RECOGNIZING FREDRICK ‘‘WILL’’ 
WILLIAMS 
HON. RALPH LEE ABRAHAM 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Fredrick ‘‘Will’’ Williams on the oc-casion of his retirement from the SourceAmerica Board of Directors, through which he has helped identify and create work opportunities for individuals with significant disabilities in Louisiana and in communities across America. Mr. Williams served in the U.S. Army from 
February 1983 to March 2006. He is an Iraq War Veteran and two time Purple Heart recipi-ent. He was acting as a convoy escort man-aging a team of 14 soldiers escorting dig-nitaries through the war zone when there was a suicide bomb attack resulting in injuries leading to his retirement from the Army. He later became employed by Training, Rehabili-tation and Development Institute (TRDI) where he worked as a security monitor. While at TRDI he became a knowledgeable and vocal advocate for people with disabilities and the AbilityOne Program and received recognition for his efforts through the SourceAmerica 2007 William M. Usdane Award. 
Mr. Williams is also a mentor in the Boys 
and Girls Club of Monroe and works with young adults who have disabilities and are struggling to find their purpose. Mr. Williams is a deacon of True Vine Baptist Church and has served on the Finance Committee. He is also a member of the AbilityOne Speakers Bureau and has spoken to groups around the nation about the difference employment makes in an individual’s life. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking Mr. Williams for his heartfelt com-mitment to improving the lives of those with disabilities, and wish him well as he departs from the SourceAmerica Board of Directors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RUTH HYMAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Ms. Ruth Hyman as she is honored by the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group at their Ruth Hyman Spiritual Support in the Jewish Tradition Hospice Program Tree of Life Donor Wall Dedication. 
A lifelong resident of Long Branch, New Jer-
sey, Ruth Hyman continues her philanthropic endeavors to improve the well-being of New Jersey’s residents. As the recipient of a gen-erous donation by Ms. Hyman, the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group has named its hospice program’s special services for Ju-daic pastoral care in her honor. The Ruth Hyman Spiritual Support in the Jewish Tradi-tion program will continue to provide important spiritual and pastoral care and comfort to indi-viduals and their families. The Visiting Nurse Association Health Group’s mission to make the community a better place reflects Ms. Hyman’s passion for helping others. 
The largest non-profit visiting nurse associa-
tion in New Jersey, the Visiting Nurse Asso-ciation Health Group provides an invaluable service to our communities through compas-sionate home health care and support serv-ices. Its skilled health aides continue to meet the needs of over 120,000 individuals in the comfort and security of their homes each year. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, please join me in 
thanking Ruth Hyman and the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group for their immeas-urable contributions to our community. VOLUNTEER OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mr. Douglas Gorman of Katy, TX for being named the Katy Area Chamber of Commerce Volunteer of the Year. He self-lessly donates his time to serve the people of TX–22. 
Mr. Gorman has been a strong volunteer 
since he moved to Katy in 2008. He serves on the advisory board for the Fussell Senior Cit-izen Center and volunteers weekly at Katy Prairie Conservancy and St. Paul’s Episcopal Church. He is also as a board member of the Katy Home Savers Association, and an advo-cate to preserve safe home environments for the elderly. We are lucky to have such a com-mitted civil servant living in Katy. His selfless dedication to community service strengthens our community. 
On behalf of the residents of the Twenty- 
Second Congressional District of Texas, con-gratulations again to Douglas Gorman for being selected as the Katy Area Chamber of Commerce Volunteer of the Year. We appre-ciate your service and continued successes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HILARIO ‘‘LALO’’ 
RODRIGUEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Hilario ‘‘Lalo’’ Rodriguez of Laredo, Texas on the occasion of his retirement. For the last 42 years, Mr. Rodriguez has become a renowned and respected member of both the Laredo and HEB communities. 
Lalo Rodriguez began his career with HEB 
in 1972 as a carryout at the original Laredo 3 store. From there, he rose in the ranks, serv-ing as a department manager in Carrizo Springs, Hondo, and Eagle Pass and then as top store leader in Crystal City in 1984. Most recently, Mr. Rodriguez served as a Unit Di-rector in Laredo stores 1, 2, 3, 5, and 6. As a result, he has emerged as a tenet of the HEB organization in Laredo. 
Over the last 42 years, Mr. Rodriguez has 
developed a reputation as an exemplary lead-er and role model at HEB. His colleagues de-scribe him as ‘‘one of Laredo’s most iconic top store leaders’’ and credit him with helping to position HEB as ‘‘the retailer of choice’’ in La-redo. During his 42-year tenure, Mr. Rodriguez has been a ‘‘positive role model,’’ helping to empower the next generation of leaders in Southwest area stores. 
Mr. Rodriguez is celebrated for his business 
acumen and love of the job. Many have attrib-uted the rise of HEB in Laredo to his leader-ship and hard work. Overall, he will be re-membered as being an effective business owner and merchant, as well as an excep-tional developer of people. 
In addition to his 42 years of exemplary 
service to HEB, Mr. Rodriguez is a devoted husband and father of four daughters. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize Hilario ‘‘Lalo’’ Rodriguez 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.013 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E371 March 19, 2015 
for his 42 years of service to HEB and the 
people of Laredo. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ABILITYONE AND 
BOSMA ENTERPRISES 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to an exemplary partnership be-tween the AbilityOne Program and Indiana’s own Bosma Enterprises. 
AbilityOne is an extraordinary initiative that 
helps people with disabilities. It is the largest single provider of employment for people who are blind or face other significant disabilities. The Program puts more than 47,000 Ameri-cans to work by providing products and serv-ices to both federal government and commer-cial customers. 
For twenty five of the past 100 years that 
Bosma Enterprises has been in business it has partnered with the AbilityOne Program to serve hundreds of Hoosiers each year through Community and Center-Based Services; serv-ices that have helped disabled Hoosiers achieve a greater level of independence and self-esteem. Their partnership has also en-abled many people to gain employment in good paying Indiana jobs. Nearly 60 percent of all employees at Bosma Enterprises are blind or suffer some degree of visual impair-ment. But Bosma’s partnership with AbilityOne is about more than just the number of people. It is about the individuals that are being as-sisted. 
One such man was stay-at-home dad Don 
Green. Retinitis pigmentosa left Don totally blind making it very difficult for him to reenter the job market after taking time off to care for his twins. On more than one occasion he was asked why potential employers ‘‘should have to make accommodations for someone who is blind.’’ Almost 200 applications later, Don was disenchanted, dismayed and about to give up when a friend encouraged him to check into the opportunities provided by Bosma Enter-prises. That application changed his life as Bosma hired Don as a material handler in its warehouse. 
Bosma Enterprises was able to offer Don a 
job because of its contracts through the AbilityOne Program. Through this important program, Bosma provides exam and surgical gloves to VA hospitals across the country and has created nearly 100 jobs for people who are blind or visually impaired in Indiana. Today, just six years later, Don is the Produc-tion Supervisor managing 40 people working on the exam glove lines. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work Bosma 
Enterprises is doing in partnership with the AbilityOne Program and ask all Hoosiers to join me in recognizing the life altering work they do each and every day. They open doors of opportunity and help make the state of Indi-ana a better place to live. In the words of Don Green, ‘‘It means everything to be able to have a job. I am so glad that I am able to take care of my family and give them a better life.’’ STRONG COMMITMENT TO 
SERVICE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate two members of the Brazos Val-ley Community-Girl Scout Troop 28028— Sarah-Leanne Sherman and Katie Stone. These young women received the Silver Award, the second highest Girl Scout award and the highest award at the middle school level. 
Sarah-Leanne and Katie have continually 
showed their commitment to changing society and helping their community. They were awarded the Silver Award after running a cheer and dance camp for the children staying at the Fort Bend Women’s Shelter over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. At the end of the camp, the children were able to perform their routine for their mothers. 
I am proud to represent two young leaders 
who possess a strong commitment to service. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sarah-Leanne and Katie for earning this distinguished award. I look forward to seeing what Sarah-Leanne and Katie do in the future. 
f 
HONORING MS. KAREN TAYLOR, 
SOLANO COUNTY’S WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Karen Taylor as one of the Fifth District of California’s Women of the Year as we celebrate Women’s History Month. I regularly have the privilege to work with ex-traordinary women across our district and I am proud to recognize Karen as one of them. 
Ms. Taylor is a considerate woman with a 
loving and giving heart, and is always seeking to help the less fortunate in our community, especially youth, homeless, and elders. From block parties that she put on as a teenager to field trips to take kids to Lake Tahoe to see snow for the first time, she has been a fixture in her neighborhood and the Vallejo commu-nity. Forming activity groups, such as Karen’s Tiny Tots and Karen’s Girls Clubs for kids and teenagers, she has helped young people in Vallejo experience and see the best in them-selves. 
Ms. Taylor has strived to improve our com-
munity for more than thirty years. She has worked with kids to perform plays, has hosted meetings on pregnancy prevention for teenage girls, and has devoted countless hours of work to the Solano AIDS Coalition. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Ms. Taylor not only for her commitment to bettering the lives of the less fortunate around her, but also for her commitment to our community. Ms. Taylor’s unyielding dedication to the people that make region unique is greatly appreciated by our en-tire community and we wish her continued success. BRAIN AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in 
celebration of the 20th anniversary of Brain Awareness Week and the importance of edu-cating students and the general public on brain science in the United States and around the world. I’d like to highlight an issue that’s important to me and the people of California’s 14th District. Traumatic brain injury, known as TBI, affects over 1.7 million people in the United States each year and costs Americans almost $77 billion annually in direct and indi-rect medical costs. The effects of TBI on the brain vary greatly. TBI includes concussions, which may not show brain damage on an MRI, but can lead to headaches, fatigue, behavioral changes, and long-term effects on cognition or personality. More severe TBIs may lead to loss of consciousness for over 30 minutes, and can result in severe headaches, seizures, loss of motor coordination, and agitation. TBI can result from falls, car accidents, or due to combat trauma or athletics. 
TBI has been called the signature wound of 
the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, and many of the TBI cases from these wars are due to in-jury from Improvised Explosive Devises (IEDs). The DoD states that since 2000, more than 287,000 U.S. service members have sus-tained a TBI. Research indicates that TBIs are related to development of PTSD or major de-pression in veterans, and being able to accu-rately diagnose and treat TBI is an important step in caring for the mental and physical health of our veterans. 
TBI is also an issue in athletes of all levels, 
ranging from high school sports to profes-sional sports. It is estimated that 300,000 sports-related concussions occur each year. In recent years, repeated concussions in athletes have been shown to be related to chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) that leads to increased irritability, and eventually dementia. Many people with traumatic brain injury never get diagnosed, and there are not reliable treat-ments available for those who do get diag-nosed. Being able to accurately identify and then treat TBI is important for the health and long-term well-being of high school athletes, professional athletes, service members, and veterans. 
In an effort to improve diagnosis and treat-
ment of TBI, the University of California, San Francisco is leading several federally-funded research initiatives. UCSF will be directing an $18.8 million award from NIH that will support research on how to improve diagnosis and treatment for TBIs, which are frequently undiagnosed, misdiagnosed, and under-treated. UCSF has also received a $17 million Department of Defense award that aims to im-prove clinical trials for TBI which may lead to better treatments. Researchers will use data from thousands of patients to identify effective measures of brain injury and recovery using brain imaging, biomarkers, and other tools. This may lead to the first successful treatment of TBI. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing Brain Awareness Week and the con-
tributions that thousands of dedicated sci-entists are making to unlock the mysteries be-hind the human brain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.018 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E372 March 19, 2015 
HONORING MALCOLM JAMES 
‘‘JIMMY’’ KEEP FOR HIS SERVICE AND BRAVERY AS A MARINE WITH THE FOURTH MARINE DIVI-SION DURING THE PACIFIC CAM-PAIGNS OF WORLD WAR II 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Malcolm James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Keep, a life-long Memphian and a veteran of World War II who fought bravely against Japanese forces on Guam, Saipan and Iwo Jima. Keep, now 88 years of age and one of two surviving vet-erans in the Memphis area who fought on Iwo Jima, served with the Fourth Marine Division after joining the Marines in 1943 at just 17 years old. On March 17, Mr. Keep and his son, Mickey, will travel to Iwo Jima with the help of Memphis-based nonprofit organization Forever Young Senior Veterans to join 70 other Marine veterans for a 70th anniversary gathering. 
Assigned to reconnaissance duty early in 
his career along with his partner from training, Charlie Ciulla of Massachusetts, Keep experi-enced the brutality of war that many people can only imagine through Hollywood films. Keep remembers fighting on Saipan as the bloodiest thing he had ever seen as Japanese soldiers employed Banzai charges, or human wave assaults, on Marines who were firing 50- caliber machine guns—essentially guaran-teeing their own deaths. Even though Keep was trained in fighting and all too familiar with death, he took no satisfaction from the number of Japanese lives lost to his gun fire. On Iwo Jima, Keep and Ciulla found themselves ex-posed to enemy fire from all sides when their amphibious tank was disabled near Mount Suribachi, causing them to evacuate on foot. The two Marines then ran across the island without injury, earning them both the nickname ‘‘rain-walkers.’’ It was believed that if they could survive that kind of heavy fire without being hit, then they could walk through rain without getting wet. Their mission was not in vain as they saw the American flag raised on Suribachi. 
Also on Iwo Jima, the American Marines fell 
under fire from seemingly ghost bullets, which were claiming the lives of many. It was discov-ered that Japanese fighters were using huge tunnels from which they launch their attacks. As a recon man, Keep was responsible for clearing out the tunnel, and in doing so, he found himself fighting a squad of roughly 15. He performed this task every other day for two weeks. In addition to helping his fellow Ma-rines depart the island safely; Keep was pho-tographed helping a wounded Marine back to the beach. He recalled telling the Marine, ‘‘You’re getting off this rock. I’ll trade places with you.’’ Jimmy Keep is a true hero. 
After returning to Memphis, Tennessee, 
Jimmy became an electrician and started a family. Today, he still resides in Memphis and is an ardent fan of the Memphis Grizzlies. When Jimmy and his son travel to Iwo Jima, Jimmy will no doubt be filled with emotions as he is united with other Marines who also fought valiantly during World War II. While there, Keep plans to visit Japanese Shinto 
shrines to ask Japanese gods for forgiveness for the lives that he took as a result of war. This show of sorrow and respect is to be com-mended. It is my hope, however, that he also remain mindful of the countless lives that were saved because of his selfless decision at such a young age to fight for his country against those forces that sought to do harm to Amer-ica and the American way of life. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring Malcolm James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Keep for his service and brav-ery as a Marine with the Fourth Marine Divi-sion during the Pacific campaigns of World War II. 
f 
HONORING MS. PAMELA PHILLIPS, 
LAKE COUNTY WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Pamela Phillips as one of the Fifth District of California’s Women of the Year as we celebrate Women’s History Month. I regularly have the privilege to work with ex-traordinary women across our district, and I am proud to recognize Pamela as one of them. 
Over her exemplary five decade career as a 
public servant, Ms. Phillips worked her way up from receptionist to Field Manager of the Lakeport Social Security Office. I’ve worked with Ms. Phillips for the past sixteen years and her work ethic and dedication to our mutual constituents was outstanding. She always did her upmost to alleviate the immediate per-sonal need in every dire situation and to see that every question was answered and every beneficiary was well-served. 
Employees such as Ms. Phillips are often 
underappreciated, overworked and their impor-tant work sometimes goes unrecognized, but she has always been patient, compassionate and understanding. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Ms. Phillips not only for her commitment to public service, but also for her commitment to our community. Ms. Phillips’ unyielding dedication to every recipi-ent of Social Security benefits in Lake County is greatly appreciated by our entire community and we wish her a most enjoyable retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ACHIEVEMENT 
OF THE BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB OF GREATER WATERBURY 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the unveiling of the newly renovated Boys & Girls Club of Greater Waterbury. 
On March 19, 2015, the Boys & Girls Club 
of Greater Waterbury opens its doors to our community, unveiling recently completed up-grades. I was proud to help secure the $750,000 in state bonding funds for improve-
ments to enhance the overall structure and amenities of the facility. 
For over 125 years, the Boys & Girls Club 
of Greater Waterbury has shaped successful members by fostering leadership skills, devel-oping educational enrichment programs, and designing activities focused on health and wellbeing. The club continues to demonstrate its commitment to our children through a vari-ety of invaluable programming from promoting a healthy lifestyle to achieving academic suc-cess. 
Thank you to the Boys & Girls Club for the 
countless hours you serve as youth advocates for children from all backgrounds. Your sense of purpose and passion creates an environ-ment where boys and girls are welcomed for their diversity and encouraged to build strong character and responsible citizenship. 
The Boys & Girls Club of Greater Waterbury 
transforms lives by expanding opportunities and empowering youth. I offer my congratula-tions and sincere thanks to the Boys and Girls Club for all of these contributions to our com-munity. I wish them many more years of con-tinued success. 
f 
HONORING MS. MAUREEN TOMS, 
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Maureen Toms as one of the Fifth District of California’s Women of the Year as we celebrate Women’s History Month. I regularly have the privilege to work with ex-traordinary women across our district, and I am proud to recognize Maureen as one of them. 
Ms. Toms has been a strong supporter of 
the Special Olympics; as a parent of a child with Down Syndrome, she has been a tireless advocate for children with disabilities. She has also donated hundreds of hours as a volunteer on numerous planning committees that have led to improving the quality of life for the fami-lies and residents in the City of Pinole and West Contra Costa County. 
Ms. Toms grew up in a family that believed 
in serving their community, and that philos-ophy became a lifelong passion. From helping children with intellectual disabilities overcome barriers through sports and shatter stereo-types with the Special Olympics to helping beautify her local neighborhood by obtaining grants to plant trees in a local park, she has been a tireless advocate for the people and places that make our community special. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate at this time 
that we honor and thank Ms. Toms not only for her commitment to improving the lives of children with disabilities, but also for her com-mitment to our community. Ms. Toms’ unyielding dedication to the people that make our region unique is greatly appreciated by our entire community and we wish her continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:03 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MR8.023 E19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D305 Thursday, March 19, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1637–S1673. 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-three bills and two 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 796–828, and S. Res. 105–106.
                                      Pages S1659–61 
Measures Passed: 
National Rehabilitation Counselors Apprecia-
tion Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 106, designating 
March 22, 2015, as ‘‘National Rehabilitation Coun-selors Appreciation Day’’.
                                      Page S1672 
Measures Considered: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act: Senate 
continued consideration of S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed there-to:
                                                                 Pages S1638–57, S1672 
Pending: 
Portman Amendment No. 270, to amend the 
Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services systems to im-prove the identification and assessment of child vic-tims of sex trafficking.
                                    Pages S1638–57 
Portman Amendment No. 271, to amend the def-
inition of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth.
                      Pages S1638–57 
Vitter Amendment No. 284 (to Amendment No. 
271), to amend section 301 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citi-zens of the United States at birth.
            Pages S1638–57 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 75), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill.
                    Page S1641 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the committee-reported substitute amendment to the bill.
                                                                           Pages S1641–42 By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 76), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the bill.
           Pages S1641–42 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the bill.
                                                                           Pages S1642–57 
Budget Committee Reporting—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the adjournment of the Senate, that on Friday, March 20, 2015, between 12 noon and 2 p.m., it be in order for the Budget Committee to report out a concurrent resolution and that it be in order for the Senate to begin consideration of that resolution on Monday, March 23, 2015.
       Page S1672 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Francine Berman, of New York, to be a Member 
of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. 
Richard Christman, of Kentucky, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2017. 
Shelly Colleen Lowe, of Arizona, to be a Member 
of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2018. 
Juan M. Garcia III, of Texas, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Defense. 
Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense. 
Andrew J. Read, of North Carolina, to be a Mem-
ber of the Marine Mammal Commission for a term expiring May 13, 2016. 
Douglas J. Kramer, of Kansas, to be Deputy Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Administration. 
LaVerne Horton Council, of New Jersey, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Information and Technology). 
David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Under 
Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 33 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D306 March 19, 2015 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
Routine lists in the Army.                       Pages S1672–73 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1659 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1659 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S1659 
Executive Communications:                             Page S1659 
Additional Cosponsors:                                        Page S1661 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1661–69 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1658–59 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1669–71 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1671–72 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—76)                                                            Pages S1641–42 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:50 p.m., until 12 noon on Monday, March 23, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1672.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration, after receiving testimony from Allison A. Hickey, Under Secretary for Benefits, James E. Manker, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, and Thomas Murphy, Director, Compensation Service, all of the Veterans Benefits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
APPROPRIATIONS: UNITED STATES 
SECRET SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the United States Secret Serv-ice, after receiving testimony from Joseph P. Clancy, Director, United States Secret Service, Department of Homeland Security. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine U.S. Strategic Command, U.S. Transportation Command, and U.S. Cyber Command 
in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Pro-gram, after receiving testimony from Admiral Cecil D. Haney, USN, Commander, U.S. Strategic Com-mand, General Paul J. Selva, USAF, Commander, U.S. Transportation Command, and Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agency, and Chief, Cen-tral Security Services, all of the Department of De-fense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland 
concluded a hearing to examine Air Force force structure and modernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from William A. LaPlante, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Lieutenant General Tod D. Wolters, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Air Force for Operations, and Lieutenant General James M. Holmes, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Air Force for Strategic Plans and Requirements, all of the Department of Defense. 
REGULATORY REGIME FOR REGIONAL 
BANKS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the reg-ulatory regime for regional banks, after receiving tes-timony from Thomas J. Curry, Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury; Martin J. Gruenberg, Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and Daniel K. Tarullo, Member, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
BUDGET: 2016 
Committee on the Budget: Committee ordered favorably 
reported a concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016, revising the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal year 2015, and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2015 through 2025. 
CYBER INSURANCE MARKETPLACE 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine the evolving cyber insurance marketplace, after receiving testimony from Ben Beeson, Lockton Companies, Washington, D.C.; Catherine Mulligan, Zurich, New York, New York; Ola Sage, e-Manage-ment, Silver Spring, Maryland; and Michael Menapace, Wiggin and Dana, Hartford, Connecticut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D307 March 19, 2015 
U.S. CRUDE OIL EXPORT POLICY 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine U.S. crude oil export policy, after receiving testimony from Carlos Pascual, IHS, Elizabeth Rosenberg, Center for a New Amer-ican Security, Charles T. Drevna, American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers, and Jeffrey Warmann, Monroe Energy Inc., on behalf of the CRUDE Coali-tion, all of Washington, D.C.; and Ryan Lance, ConocoPhillips, Houston, Texas. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AT FIVE YEARS 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the Affordable Care Act at five years, after receiving testimony from Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Holly Wade, National Fed-eration of Independent Business, and David Blumenthal, The Commonwealth Fund, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
UNITED STATES–AFRICA LEADERS 
SUMMIT 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Afri-
ca and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine the United States-Africa leaders summit seven months later, focusing on progress and set-backs, after receiving testimony from Ben Leo, Cen-ter for Global Development, Del Renigar, General Electric, Susan C. Tuttle, IBM Government and Regulatory Affairs, and Thomas J. Bollyky, Council on Foreign Relations, all of Washington, D.C. 
FEDERAL RULEMAKING CHALLENGES 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-
eral Management concluded a hearing to examine Federal rulemaking challenges and areas of improve-ment within the existing regulatory process, after re-ceiving testimony from John D. Graham, former Ad-ministrator, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Af-fairs, Bloomington; Neil Eisner, former Acting As-sistant Chief Counsel for Regulations and Enforce-ment, Federal Aviation Administration, American University Washington College of Law, and Pamela Gilbert, former Executive Director, Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, Cuneo Gilbert and LaDuca, both of Washington, D.C.; and Drew Greenblatt, Marlin Steel Wire Products, LLC, Baltimore, Mary-
land, on behalf of the National Association of Manu-facturers. 
TEXAS V. UNITED STATES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts concluded a hearing to examine reining in amnesty, focusing on Texas v. United States and its 
implications, after receiving testimony from Kris W. Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, Topeka; David B. Rivkin, Jr., BakerHostetler, LLP, Washington, D.C.; and Jill E. Family, Widener University School of Law Law and Government Institute, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 
PATENT REFORM 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine patent re-form, focusing on protecting innovation and entre-preneurship, including H.R. 9, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and S. 632, to strengthen the position of the United States as the world’s leading innovator by amending title 35, United States Code, to protect the property rights of the inventors that grow the country’s economy, after receiving testimony from David Winwood, Louisiana State University Pen-nington Biomedical Research Center, Baton Rouge, on behalf of the Association of University Tech-nology Managers; Robert N. Schmidt, Small Busi-ness Technology Council, Fort Meyers, Florida; Ra-chel King, GlycoMimetics, Inc., Gaithersburg, Maryland; Craig Bandes, Pixelligent Technologies, Baltimore, Maryland; and Timothy A. Molino, BSA The Software Alliance, Washington, D.C. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to consider pending intelligence mat-ters. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D308 March 19, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 66 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 12, 1457–1522; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 25–26; and H. Res. 160–161, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H1800–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1806–07 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Tipton to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1773 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 159 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 129. 
                                                                      Pages H1773, H1788–89 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Schock, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the Eighteenth Congressional District of Illinois, effective on March 31, 2015.
       Page H1773 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures: The House passed S.J. Res. 8, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures, by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 128, after the previous question was ordered.
                                                                   Pages H1782–88 
H. Res. 152, the rule providing for consideration 
of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) and the resolu-tion (H. Res. 132), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 127, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 
233 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 126.
      Pages H1775–82 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
it may be in order at any time on Tuesday, March 25, 2015 for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, the President of the Islamic Republic of Af-ghanistan.
                                                                      Page H1789 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns on Tuesday, March 24, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, March 25.
                                                                                     Page H1789 Providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representatives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress: The House agreed 
to H. Res. 152, amended, providing for the expenses of certain committees of the House of Representa-tives in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, by voice vote after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H1789–92 
Pursuant to House Resolution 152, the amend-
ment printed in House Report 114–45 was agreed to.
                                                                              Pages H1789–92 
H. Res. 152, the rule providing for consideration 
of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) and the resolu-tion (H. Res. 132), was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 127, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 126.
      Pages H1775–82 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, March 23rd for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H1800 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1781, H1781–82, H1788, and H1789. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 1:59 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 897, the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015’’. H.R. 897 was ordered re-ported, without amendment. 
APPROPRIATIONS—BUREAU OF LAND 
MANAGEMENT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Bureau of Land Management budget. Testimony was heard from Neil Kornze, Director, Bureau of Land Management. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of the Inspector General oversight. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D309 March 19, 2015 
Testimony was heard from Richard J. Griffin, Dep-
uty Inspector General, Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and John D. Daigh, Jr., Assistant Inspector General for Healthcare Inspection, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE FARM AND FOREIGN AGRICULTURAL SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture Farm and Foreign Agri-cultural Service budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Michael T. Scuse, Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agriculture Service; Brandon Willis, Administrator, Risk Management Agency; Val Dolcini, Adminis-trator, Farm Service Agency; Phil Karsting, Admin-istrator, Foreign Agriculture Service; and Michael Young, Budget Officer. 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES 
EUROPEAN COMMAND 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on United States European Command budget. Testimony was heard from General Philip M. Breedlove, United States Air Force, Supreme Al-lied Commander Europe (NATO), Commander, United States European Command. This hearing was closed. 
APPROPRIATIONS—TRANSPORTATION 
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-
land Security held a hearing on Transportation Secu-rity Administration budget. Testimony was heard from Melvin Carraway, Acting Administrator, Trans-portation Security Administration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—CONSUMER PRODUCT 
SAFETY COMMISSION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Consumer Product Safety Commission budget. Testimony was heard from Elliot F. Kaye, Chairman, Consumer Product Safety Commission; and Ann Marie Buerkle, Commissioner, Consumer Product Safety Commission. 
APPROPRIATIONS—SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Surface Trans-portation Programs budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Transportation of-ficials: Gregory G. Nadeau, Acting Administrator, 
Federal Highway Administration; Therese W. Mc-Millan, Acting Administrator, Federal Transit Ad-ministration; Mark R. Rosekind, Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration; and Paul N. Jaenichen Sr., Administrator, Maritime Ad-ministration. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 MISSILE DEFENSE 
HEARING 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Missile Defense Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense; Admiral Bill Gortney, USN, Commander, North American Aerospace Defense Command, U.S. Northern Command; Vice Admiral James Syring, USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency; and Lieu-tenant General David L. Mann, USA, Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Inte-grated Missile Defense. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 GROUND FORCE 
MODERNIZATION AND ROTORCRAFT MODERNIZATION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-
tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Ground Force Modernization and Rotorcraft Modernization Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Michael E. Williamson, USA, Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology); Major General Michael D. Lundy, USA, Commander, U.S. Army Aviation Center of Excellence; Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, USN, Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisi-tion); Lieutenant General Anthony R. Ierardi, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–8; Brigadier General Joe Shrader, USMC, Commanding General, Marine Corps Systems Command; and Bill Taylor, Program Executive Officer Land Systems, U.S. Marine Corps. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee concluded a 
markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. The concurrent resolution was ordered reported, as amended. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing on H.R. 906, to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heaters. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D310 March 19, 2015 
FCC REAUTHORIZATION: OVERSIGHT OF 
THE COMMISSION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘FCC Reauthorization: Oversight of the Com-mission’’. Testimony was heard from the following Federal Communications Commission officials: Tom Wheeler, Chairman; Mignon Clyburn, Commis-sioner; Jessica Rosenworcel, Commissioner; Ajit Pai, Commissioner; and Michael O’Rielly, Commissioner. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE SEC’S DIVISION OF 
ENFORCEMENT 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-
ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Di-vision of Enforcement’’. Testimony was heard from Andrew J. Ceresney, Director, Division of Enforce-ment, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN: BLOCKING 
OR PAVING TEHRAN’S PATH TO NUCLEAR WEAPONS? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Negotiations with Iran: Blocking or Paving Tehran’s Path to Nuclear Weapons?’’. Tes-timony was heard from Antony J. Blinken, Deputy Secretary of State, Department of State; Adam J. Szubin, Acting Under Secretary, Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, Department of the Treas-ury. 
AGENTS OF OPPORTUNITY: RESPONDING 
TO THE THREAT OF CHEMICAL TERRORISM 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Agents of Oppor-tunity: Responding to the Threat of Chemical Ter-rorism’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Kirk, Di-rector, Chemical Defense Program, Office of Health Affairs, Department of Homeland Security; Armando B. Fontoura, Sheriff, Essex County, New Jersey; and public witnesses. 
CHILD EXPLOITATION RESTITUTION 
FOLLOWING THE PAROLINE V. UNITED 
STATES DECISION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Child Exploitation Restitu-tion Following the Paroline v. United States Deci-
sion’’. Testimony was heard from Jill E. Steinberg, National Coordinator for Child Exploitation Preven-tion and Interdiction, Department of Justice; and public witnesses. EXAMINING THE SPENDING PRIORITIES 
AND MISSIONS OF THE U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE AND THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION IN THE PRESIDENT’S FY 2016 BUDGET PROPOSAL 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Spending Priorities and Missions of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the President’s FY 2016 Budget Proposal’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel M. Ashe, Director, Fish and Wildlife Service; and Kathryn D. Sullivan, Administrator, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
A REVIEW OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY’S POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR THE APPREHENSION, DETENTION, AND RELEASE OF NON- CITIZENS UNLAWFULLY PRESENT IN THE UNITED STATES—PART II 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Department of Homeland Security’s Policies and Procedures for the Apprehension, Detention, and Re-lease of Non-Citizens Unlawfully Present in the United States—Part II’’. Testimony was heard from Sarah R. Saldan ˜a, Director, Immigration and Cus-
toms Enforcement. 
CONTRACTING AND THE INDUSTRIAL 
BASE III: REVERSE AUCTIONS, VERIFICATION AND THE SBA’S ROLE IN RULE MAKING 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce held a hearing entitled ‘‘Contracting and the Industrial Base III: Reverse Auctions, Verification and the SBA’s Role in Rule Making’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations held a hearing on H.R. 571, 
the ‘‘Veterans Affairs Retaliation Prevention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 593, the ‘‘Aurora VA Hospital Financ-ing and Construction Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1015, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1016, the ‘‘Biological Implant Tracking and Veteran Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1017, the ‘‘Veterans Information Security Im-provement Act’’; H.R. 1128, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Cyber Security Protection Act’’; and H.R. 1129, the ‘‘Veterans’ Whistleblower and Pa-tient Protection Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D311 March 19, 2015 
from Meghan Flanz, Director, Office of Account-
ability Review, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
THE GROWING CYBER THREAT AND ITS 
IMPACT ON AMERICAN BUSINESS 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Growing Cyber Threat and Its Impact on American Business’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MARCH 20, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD312 March 19, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
12 noon, Monday, March 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of 
the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. Senators should expect at least one vote on or in relation to an amendment to the concurrent resolution at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, March 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Abraham, Ralph Lee, La., E370 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E369 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E368, E372 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E367 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E370 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E369, E370 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E372 
Huffman, Jared, Calif., E365, E368 Kato, John, N.Y., E365 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E366 Massie, Thomas, Ky., E365 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E365, E367 Olson, Pete, Tex., E366, E367, E370, E371 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E366, E370 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E371 
Smith, Adam, Wash., E367 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E371 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E366, E369, E371, E372, E372 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E366, E368 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E369 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Mar 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19MR5.REC D19MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST