Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6263 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 No. 140 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
ENHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 28, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J EFF 
DENHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
HONDURAS MUST PROTECT 
HUMAN RIGHTS, VULNERABLE COMMUNITIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, last 
week I joined a fact-finding delegation to Honduras led by WOLA, the Wash-ington Office on Latin America. We looked at the problem of violence and the lack of opportunity in order to un-derstand why families and young peo-ple continue to flee the country. We wanted to learn what the Honduran Government and people were doing in 
response to the problems that confront their country and how the United States might help. We met with fami-lies, young people, and community leaders in several marginal and violent communities, including those who ben-efit from programs at Casa Alianza. 
The delegation also visited an inno-
vative USAID-sponsored violence pre-vention program. It not only offers pro-grams for young people in a poor and dangerous neighborhood, but brings to-gether community leaders and local in-stitutions to tackle local problems. By strengthening local leaders and groups and working with trained and vetted local police, crime levels have dropped and new opportunities for youth have been created. These are hopeful results for a community that 1 year ago was under siege by violent criminal actors. 
We also met with many NGOs, 
human rights defenders, and inter-national organizations to understand the intertwined problems of human rights, Democratic governance, and corruption. We had substantial con-versations with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez and met with our Ambassador, James Nealon, and his team, and I am grateful for how generous they were with their time. 
I would like to share with my col-
leagues a few thoughts and conclusions from this trip. 
First, I have no doubt that violence 
or lack of opportunity are driving fam-ilies and young people to flee Hon-duras. I saw the marginal communities and heard the stories from families about the problems young people face. The best thing we can do is support ef-forts that break the cycle of violence and help build opportunities for youth in Honduras and elsewhere in Central America. At Casa Alianza and the USAID project, we saw the kind of pro-grams that actually make a difference. That is where we should be directing our assistance. Additionally, I also heard how long- 
term drought is exacerbating hunger, malnutrition, and the loss of liveli-hoods in rural central Honduras and ig-niting a new wave of migration. 
Second, I heard from returned mi-
grants and the families of migrants, in-cluding those whose loved ones have disappeared and never been heard from again. Migrants face abuse as they travel. They are extorted by authori-ties in Mexico and sometimes Guate-mala and robbed or kidnapped and held for ransom by criminal groups. Young women run the risk of being trafficked and forced into prostitution. 
We heard from returned migrants, es-
pecially those who had been stopped in Mexico, about the return journey and the lack of services at the El Corinto border crossing. We met migrants who had fled gang violence only to be forced to return to the same dangers. 
I was moved by many of these sto-
ries. Migrants, even those traveling without legal documents, have basic rights, and we should be working with the Governments of Mexico and Hon-duras to ensure that they get decent treatment, access to needed services, and the protection they deserve. 
Third, human rights abuses continue 
to be a serious problem in Honduras. Longtime human rights defenders, journalists, and gay, lesbian, and transgender activists described ongoing threats, attacks, and even assassina-tions, and the response by the police and the attorney general has not im-proved. In fact, a U.S.-supported spe-cial investigative unit that was sup-posed to focus on attacks on the LGBT community, journalists, and others has investigated even fewer cases this year than last. 
I am troubled by the government’s 
focus on special military police units, whose human rights record isn’t good. I support the U.S. decision not to pro-vide aid to the military police. Instead, the Honduran Government needs to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.000 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6264 September 28, 2015 
clean up and strengthen civilian police 
and the Attorney General’s Office. 
My trip to Honduras was both chal-
lenging and inspiring. I saw troubling problems of poverty and violence, heard painful stories about migrant abuses and disappearances, and saw major problems in the area of human rights and the protection of human rights defenders and activists. 
But I also saw hope. I met with 
young people who dream of bright fu-tures for themselves in Honduras, with student and youth leaders who are campaigning selflessly and coura-geously to build mechanisms to tackle corruption, and with LGBT activists, human rights defenders, and journal-ists who are standing up to threats. I saw community-led projects to combat violence and poverty that are making a real difference. 
Mr. Speaker, last week our Nation 
was graced by the presence of Pope Francis. I was deeply moved by his call for us to welcome the stranger, to help the most vulnerable among us, and to work together for the common good. I believe each of those calls to action apply to the case of Honduras, both in how we respond to Hondurans fleeing to the United States to find safe haven and a new life and how we help Hondurans respond to their own prob-lems inside their country. 
I look forward, Mr. Speaker, to work-
ing with my colleagues to help the Honduran people deal successfully with these challenges. 
f 
DKI APCSS 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
VIDEO MESSAGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Stud-ies, located in Waikiki, Hawaii. I want to extend my congratulations to the Center on reaching this important milestone. 
For the last 20 years, the Asia-Pacific 
Center for Security Studies has made significant strides in educating, con-necting, and empowering security prac-titioners. I would like to thank the Center for their leadership. I am pleased to see the APCSS renamed as the Daniel K. Inouye Center, honoring the legacy of the late Senator who ad-vocated strongly for peace and sta-bility around the world. 
As the United States shifts its focus 
to the Asia-Pacific region, the Daniel K. Inouye Center will be uniquely situ-ated to play a critical role in driving our Nation’s security policy. 
The U.S. rebalance to Asia will rely 
heavily on Hawaii’s location and rela-tionship with our partner nations in the region. 
I can think of no better venue than 
the Inouye Center for bringing to-gether representatives from different countries to discuss joint cooperation on important issues. As I have witnessed firsthand, the 
Center is focused on producing results. This will be crucial as we continue to move forward with the rebalance and begin to tackle some of the most press-ing security-related issues. 
Once again, I want to extend my con-
gratulations on 20 years of service and my warmest thanks—mahalo—for the tremendous work being done there. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Dear Lord, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We come to You as a Nation in the 
midst of significant imminent transi-tion, even as important disagreements on policy promise vigorous debate in the days and weeks to come. As people look for causes and solutions, the temptation is great to seek ideological position. 
We ask that You might send Your 
spirit of peace and reconciliation; that instead of ascendancy over opponents, the Members of this people’s House and all elected to represent our Nation might work together humbly, recog-nizing the best in each other’s hopes, to bring stability and direction toward a strong future. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CYBER WEEK 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, this week the House Armed Services Committee, led by Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY , marks Cyber Week, 
a week that highlights the importance of cyber to our families and to our military. This week of hearings, with witnesses from private corporations and the Department of Defense, is a fit-ting start as we also recognize Cyber Security Awareness Month during Oc-tober. 
Recent cyber attacks, like the dev-
astating attack on the Office of Per-sonnel Management, have made it clear that cyber is the new domain of attacks on American families. Per-sonal data, such as Social Security numbers, financial information, and se-curity clearance documents, were sto-len, putting the personal and financial security of our citizens at risk. The at-tack underscores the increased reports of cyber attacks against our military Web sites, government data, and busi-nesses. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities, with dedicated staff members like Pete Villano, Kevin Gates, and Nevada Schadler, I look forward to Cyber Week’s focus to protect American fam-ilies. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
GOP GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, almost 
unbelievably here we are just 2 days away from another GOP government shutdown. Republicans, who control both Houses of Congress, have yet to bring a budget agreement, just a couple of days before the government shuts down, that would keep government open. Democrats stand ready to nego-tiate, to talk, to come up with an agreement that can move this country forward, that can keep government open, at the very least. 
We just can’t afford another govern-
ment shutdown. The last time this hap-pened, it cost the economy billions of dollars and people lost their jobs. Shut-ting this government down, allowing the government to be shut down over a partisan ideological point, is reckless, and it ought to be avoided at all costs. 
You don’t have to look very far in 
the headlines to see that the Repub-lican Conference is in some disarray. I understand that. The politics of that are just going to have to work them-selves out. 
Meanwhile, the business of the Amer-
ican people has to be attended to. We have got to get this country back to work. If we don’t do that, we will not be doing the jobs that people sent us here to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.002 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6265 September 28, 2015 
THE CITY OF CARPINTERIA’S 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate the 50th anniversary of the city of Carpinteria. 
Incorporated on September 28, 1965, 
the city of Carpinteria is home to over 13,000 residents on the central coast of California. It is known as one of Amer-ica’s finest small towns, and Carpinteria has also been recognized as one of the American cities with the highest quality of life. 
The city of Carpinteria is a leader in 
environmental stewardship, working to protect California’s precious coastline. In fact, Carpinteria City Beach has been recognized as the world’s safest beach. Their local economy has thrived with its vibrant cultural history, and this unique agricultural region is home to California’s famed avocado festival. 
I am proud to honor the city of 
Carpinteria on their 50th anniversary. It is a key treasure on the central coast. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 25, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 25, 2015 at 5:12 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 2082. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 3 o’clock 
p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules 
on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
PROTECTING AFFORDABLE 
COVERAGE FOR EMPLOYEES ACT 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1624) to amend title I of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the defini-tion of small employer, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1624 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Affordable Coverage for Employees Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REVISION OF DEFINITION OF SMALL EM-
PLOYER UNDER HEALTH INSUR-ANCE MARKET PROVISIONS. 
(a) PPACA A MENDMENTS .—Section 1304(b) 
of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18024(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘101’’ and 
inserting ‘‘51’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘100’’ and 
inserting ‘‘50’’; and 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) S
TATE OPTION TO EXTEND DEFINITION OF  
SMALL EMPLOYER .—Notwithstanding para-
graphs (1) and (2), nothing in this section shall prevent a State from applying this sub-section by treating as a small employer, with respect to a calendar year and a plan year, an employer who employed an average of at least 1 but not more than 100 employees on business days during the preceding cal-endar year and who employs at least 1 em-ployee on the first day of the plan year.’’. 
(b) PHSA A
MENDMENTS .—Section 2791(e) of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg–91(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘101’’ and 
inserting ‘‘51’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘100’’ and 
inserting ‘‘50’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(7) S
TATE OPTION TO EXTEND DEFINITION OF  
SMALL EMPLOYER .—Notwithstanding para-
graphs (2) and (4), nothing in this section shall prevent a State from applying this sub-section by treating as a small employer, with respect to a calendar year and a plan year, an employer who employed an average of at least 1 but not more than 100 employees on business days during the preceding cal-endar year and who employs at least 1 em-ployee on the first day of the plan year.’’. 
(c) D
EPOSIT OF SAVINGS INTOMEDICARE IM-
PROVEMENT FUND.—Section 1898(b)(1) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$0’’ and inserting ‘‘$205,000,000’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. C A´RDENAS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on H.R. 1624. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The bipartisan bill before us today is 
a much-needed fix for small-business owners and employees struggling to comply with the healthcare law. H.R. 1624 is a bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act and the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer. The bill would allow the States to continue defining the small group health insur-ance market as employers with 1 to 50 employees. 
Section 1304 of the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act changed the Federal definition of the small group market to include employers with 1 to 100 employees. The States, however, have been allowed to continue defining the small group market as em-ployers with 1 to 50 employees until January 1, 2016. 
But beginning on or after January 1, 
2016, plans sold or renewed for employ-ers with 51 to 100 employees will be subject to the various small group health plan regulations established by PPACA. These more restrictive rating rules will increase health insurance premiums for these employers and re-duce flexibility in benefit design. 
The new requirements could also lead 
some employers with 51 to 100 employ-ees to self-insure to avoid higher pre-miums. If that happens, this could re-sult in adverse selection in the small group pool and higher premiums for employers with 1 to 50 employees. 
Unless this current law is reversed, 
the disruption in the marketplace will be significant. For example, it is esti-mated that, under current law, more than 3 million employees will experi-ence a double-digit percent increase in their healthcare premiums. 
Ultimately, cost increases for small 
employers will change their choices re-garding offering coverage, could change their business model, and will ultimately be felt by millions of work-ers. 
Because the impact of current law 
will vary by State, defining the small group market should be left to the States, which is a policy envisioned in H.R. 1624. 
I am pleased to say there is consider-
able support for this legislation in the House and the Senate. 
The flexibility that would be given to 
States with immediate passage of H.R. 1624 would help ensure stable, small group health insurance markets that reflect the unique characteristics in each of the States. 
If Congress passes H.R. 1624, pre-
miums will be lower and allow millions of employees and employers to keep the plan they have and like. This is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.005 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6266 September 28, 2015 
commonsense policy that deserves our 
bipartisan support. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of H.R. 1624. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, at this 
point, I reserve the balance of my time so that Congressman G
UTHRIE can 
speak first. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ), the vice chair of 
the Health Subcommittee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to be here. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1624, the Pro-
tecting Affordable Coverage for Em-ployees Act. This bill, which I intro-duced along with my friend from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ), Congressman 
MARKWAYNE MULLIN of Oklahoma, and 
KYRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona will pro-
tect smaller employers from increased healthcare costs and will prevent their employees from being forced out of their current healthcare plans. 
The small group market is currently 
defined as 1 to 50 employees, but a pro-vision in the healthcare law will ex-pand the group’s size from 1 to 100 on January 1. With this expansion comes more onerous regulations and the ex-pectation of dramatic rate hikes. 
One estimate by Oliver Wyman pre-
dicts that those in the 51 to 100 group will see an average of an 18 percent pre-mium increase in 2016 based on the new rating rules alone. H.R. 1624 stops the mandated expansion of the small group market that will occur on January 1 and allows States to define their own market. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard from many 
Kentuckians who would be impacted by this change, and their concerns are real. Small businesses are afraid to ex-pand, and mid-sized businesses have no idea what the costs would be or how they can plan for this new change. 
This issue has widespread support, 
with over half the House as cosponsors and nearly a third of the Senate as co-sponsors. Members on both sides of the aisle agree that we must act now to stop this new mandate. 
It has been a great pleasure working 
with the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ). It is an issue that we 
see is happening in Washington, that is happening out in our districts, out across to the businesses. 
Both sides of the aisle have come to-
gether to say: Let’s change the law. Let’s make sure that the small busi-nesses and medium-sized businesses are not affected, and let’s move forward. 
It wasn’t just that we signed our 
names as cosponsors. There was a lot of hard work that I know the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ) did to 
bring more and more cosponsors to this bill. This is a significant change. It is significant for the people who live in our districts. I encourage support. 
I appreciate Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. 
SINEMA , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first 
thank my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ). It has been a pleasure 
and honor to serve with him on this bill. 
It is really important for us to under-
stand how monumental this moment is. This isn’t the biggest bill in the world. But, yet, at the same time, if you are a small business in the United States of America and you have 1 to 50 employees or now even 1 to 100 employ-ees, this bill hopefully will help affect your business and your employees in a way that is better. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1624. I truly 
appreciate the willingness to work on a bipartisan bill, as demonstrated today, which is going to positively impact so many communities across the country through the small businesses it will af-fect. 
H.R. 1624, the Protecting Affordable 
Coverage for Employees Act, intro-duced by my colleagues, once again, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. S INEMA , 
and myself—two Republicans and two Democrats is a true bipartisan effort— would stop a potential health insur-ance rate shock by allowing States to determine the appropriate size of their small group market. 
As a former small-business owner 
myself, I recognize the struggle there is to live out the American Dream. I know how difficult it can be when a specific sector of small business is af-fected by regulations and laws created by local, State, or Federal govern-ments. 
I have seen the impact in neighbor-
hoods throughout my district when a small local business opens their doors or closes their doors. Their supply chain is local. Their employees have a vested interest in their success. Their customers treasure the connection a small hometown business brings. 
I know I echo the view of the entire 
U.S. House of Representatives when I applaud these small businesses, the risks that they have taken, and the celebration of their successes. 
The Affordable Care Act isn’t perfect. 
By no means is the Affordable Care Act perfect. But I am grateful for all the benefits that the law has provided since its enactment. 
Today more than 16 million Ameri-
cans have gained access to affordable health insurance that did not have it before enacting the act. My district is one of only two districts in the United States to see a double-digit increase in insured residents since the implemen-tation of the Affordable Care Act. 
The Affordable Care Act is the big-
gest change to American health care in the past 70 years. It brings down costs, covering more Americans and making dozens of other crucial changes to how our Nation views health care. However, no law is perfect. 
When it was first created, Social Se-
curity didn’t cover agricultural and do-mestic workers. Medicaid didn’t begin to cover mammograms until 1991. Even with these fundamental programs of our Nation’s safety net, improvement 
and compromise was necessary to lead to more perfect laws. 
While certain States, like California, 
have decided to move forward with the expansion, this bill still provides States the flexibility to ensure market stability for small businesses across the country. 
I appreciate the bipartisan effort to 
bring this bill to the floor. I look for-ward to advancing the PACE Act and continuing to build on a record of working together in a bipartisan fash-ion. 
I was just sharing a moment with my 
colleague from Kentucky, Congress-man G
UTHRIE , in talking about how 
proud I am of this moment and how much I appreciate his willingness to reach across the aisle and work with us to make sure that we bring a fix—not the biggest fix, but a fix—that will help American businesses and American workers across this country. 
It is an opportunity for us to work 
together. But, more importantly, it is an opportunity for us to do the job that we were elected to do: to put aside par-tisan bickering, to make sure that we look at what is best for America, try our best to bring a bill to the floor through both houses, and, hopefully, get the signature of the President of the United States. 
Again, it was due to this bipartisan 
effort that I think that what I just de-scribed is going to happen. Come Janu-ary of 2016, it is going to be a better place for all of us—for our businesses and our workers—because we were will-ing to work together. 
Once again, it is not the easiest thing 
to do, but it is something that, unfor-tunately, is far too rare. I hope that this is the beginning, the beginning of many of us working together and mak-ing good things happen for America and its Territories. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 
1624. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, this is a 
good bill. It is an important bill. It is a bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 1624. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, since the pas-
sage of the Affordable Care Act, 17.6 million Americans have gained health insurance cov-erage and are no longer one accident, injury, or diagnosis away from financial ruin. This is the largest reduction in the uninsured in four decades. 
The ACA has increased access and re-
duced financial barriers to important preven-tive services, such as cancer screenings and well-woman visits by requiring their coverage with no cost sharing. The law also stopped in-surers from discriminating based on pre-existing conditions or placing annual limits on how much health care they will cover. 
Though the ACA is already helping millions 
nationwide, no law is perfect, and there are certainly ways we can improve the ACA and build upon its successes. Given the political theatre that tends to surround the ACA, I am pleased to see that my Republican colleagues 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.008 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6267 September 28, 2015 
are ready to work together on bipartisan pro-
posals such as H.R. 1624 with the goal of strengthening the law. Unfortunately, though, I do not agree with the approach this bill takes. 
H.R. 1624 would permanently change the 
law to make the small group expansion cur-rently required under the ACA optional for states and allow states to ‘‘opt in’’ if they choose. Research tells us that some states simply are not ready to expand their small group market and that expansion in these states could result in higher costs for certain consumers. However, the small group expan-sion was included in the ACA for good reason. The benefits of expansion such as added con-sumer protections and increased stability for small employers are important and achievable goals. States like Washington are already ex-periencing the benefits of an expanded small group market. 
I am concerned that H.R. 1624 is pre-
mature, and I would instead prefer a few year transitional delay of the small group expansion or an ‘‘opt out’’ option for states instead. I be-lieve these alternatives would ensure that states continue to work towards the goal of expansion, rather than disregarding the provi-sion altogether. 
Mr. Speaker, I am also disappointed that 
this bill was not considered under regular order. Such an important issue deserves thoughtful discussion and opportunities for amendments. I had hoped to offer an amend-ment that would allow states to ‘‘opt out’’ of the expansion. Since I was unable to discuss this amendment and other potential changes 
to the bill with my colleagues in a committee markup, I remain uncertain that this legislation is the best course of action. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1624, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1515 
GOLD STAR FATHERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 136) to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fa-thers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as pref-erence eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 136 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star 
Fathers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PREFERENCE ELIGIBLE TREATMENT FOR 
FATHERS OF CERTAIN PERMA-NENTLY DISABLED OR DECEASED VETERANS. 
Section 2108(3) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (F) and (G) and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) the parent of an individual who lost 
his or her life under honorable conditions while serving in the armed forces during a period named by paragraph (1)(A) of this sec-tion, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; 
‘‘(G) the parent of a service-connected per-
manently and totally disabled veteran, if— 
‘‘(i) the spouse of that parent is totally and 
permanently disabled; or 
‘‘(ii) that parent, when preference is 
claimed, is unmarried or, if married, legally separated from his or her spouse; and’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendment made by this Act shall 
take effect 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of S. 136, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015. This important piece of legisla-tion supports fathers of permanently disabled or deceased veterans in their search for employment with the Fed-eral Government. 
Mr. Speaker, under current law, 
mothers of certain permanently dis-abled or deceased veterans receive pref-erence in hiring for civil service posi-tions in recognition of their sacrifice. That preference applies when the mother is widowed, divorced, or sepa-rated, or if their husband is totally or permanently disabled. 
The Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015 ex-
tends this same benefit to fathers. The bill also grants preference in hiring to parents who never married along with those that are widowed, divorced, or le-gally separated. 
I thank Senators W
YDEN , BROWN , and 
COLLINS for their work over several 
Congresses on this important issue, and Congresswoman E
STY for spon-
soring the House companion bill. 
Mr. Speaker, we owe a debt of grati-
tude to our veterans and to the moth-ers and fathers of our veterans. I urge my colleagues to support this bipar-tisan legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of S. 136, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, bipartisan legislation introduced by my colleague, Senator R
ONWYDEN  
of Oregon, last January and cospon-sored by Senators S
HERROD BROWN of 
Rhode Island and S USAN COLLINS of 
Maine. This bill passed the United States Senate by unanimous consent in May of this year and was favorably re-ported out of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in July. 
This legislation also has bipartisan 
support in the House in the form of identical legislation, H.R. 1222, intro-duced by my colleague, Representative E
LIZABETH ESTY, of Connecticut. 
In appreciation of the sacrifices that 
Gold Star families have made on behalf of our grateful Nation, the Gold Star Fathers Act would extend the 10-point hiring preference for Federal civilian jobs to the fathers of servicemembers who have been permanently disabled or who lost their lives while serving on Active Duty. This would be identical to the Federal hiring preference that has been available to our Gold Star Moth-ers since 1948. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation is re-
flective of the immense gratitude that we hold as a nation for the parents of our fallen and disabled heroes. It also recognizes the profound sacrifice that our Gold Star families continue to en-dure every day. It is a burden that is shouldered by the very few on behalf of the entire Nation. 
Back in South Boston, my mother-in- 
law, Helen Shaughnessy, originally Helen Bailey, is a Gold Star sister. She lost her brother, Arnie Bailey, in April of 1944 on his first jump over the Rhine close to the end of the Second World War in Europe. I know that their fam-ily continues to carry that pain and that burden each and every day. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support Ms. E
STYin her ef-
forts, along with Senator W YDEN and 
others in the Senate, to support S. 136. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). I would like to 
introduce and welcome her remarks. She is the lead sponsor of this bill in the House and has been a true cham-pion on behalf of veterans all over this country. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of S. 136, the Senate com-panion to my bill in the House, the Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HAFFETZ  
and Ranking Member C UMMINGS for 
their support of our Gold Star families and for prioritizing this bipartisan bill that would bring equity to the treat-ment of all Gold Star families, and I 
want to thank my friends Mr. W
ALBERG  
and Mr. L YNCH for their support today. 
Mr. Speaker, on Memorial Day last 
year, I met with Gold Star families in Waterbury, Connecticut, and I heard the stories of how deeply they feel the loss of their loved ones, whether that loss was a year ago, 20 years ago, or 40 years ago. I heard from mothers and I heard from fathers about the difficulty of continuing on without a member of their family that they held so dear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.009 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6268 September 28, 2015 
Those willing to make the ultimate 
sacrifice for their country deserve to know that we will support and care for their loved ones they leave behind. After talking with these families, I knew that we needed to do more for these grieving families and we needed to do more to recognize the sacrifice of their loved ones. That is why I intro-duced the House bill companion of the Gold Star Fathers Act. 
Mr. Speaker, our country has long 
recognized that mothers who have lost a child in military service or are caring for their son or daughter who was per-manently disabled in the military de-serve a hand when seeking Federal em-ployment. Currently, qualifying moth-ers of certain disabled or deceased vet-erans are eligible to receive the vet-erans hiring preference that will no longer be used by their loved one when applying for certain Federal service jobs. 
However, mothers are not the only 
ones who grieve. The loss of a child is felt just as strongly by our veterans’ fathers as by their mothers. It is time to ensure equal treatment of and re-spect for all parents of deceased or dis-abled veterans. That is why the Gold Star Fathers Act would extend this hiring preference to fathers as well. 
In many cases, not only have the par-
ents undergone significant trauma emotionally, but they have lost a working-age member of their family; and in the case of a permanently dis-abled child, they may have mounting medical bills to deal with as well. It is time to establish equality in our Na-tion’s treatment of the parents of de-ceased and disabled veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Sen-
ators W
YDEN , COLLINS , and B ROWN for 
their leadership on the Gold Star Fa-thers Act in the Senate, and I want to thank my former colleague Represent-ative Tim Bishop for his past leader-ship on this issue as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I call on all of my col-
leagues to join us in honoring our Gold Star families. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of this bipartisan, unanimously sup-ported Gold Star Fathers Act. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I urge pas-
sage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
commonsense bill. It is more than com-mon sense. We talk about family val-ues a lot. These are family values. These are highest family values of par-ents that have raised young people who are willing to step forward for our country without consideration of their own lives or their futures in most cases. So I applaud my colleagues’ ef-forts on this behalf, and I support and ask that this bill be supported fully by this body. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 136. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL 
LEAVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 313) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for pur-poses of undergoing medical treatment for such disability, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 313 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wounded 
Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL LEAVE FOR FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES WHO ARE DISABLED VET-ERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6329. Disabled veteran leave 
‘‘(a) During the 12-month period beginning 
on the first day of employment, any em-ployee who is a veteran with a service-con-nected disability rated at 30 percent or more is entitled to leave, without loss or reduction in pay, for purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability for which sick leave could regularly be used. 
‘‘(b)(1) The leave credited to an employee 
under subsection (a) may not exceed 104 hours. 
‘‘(2) Any leave credited to an employee 
pursuant to subsection (a) that is not used during the 12-month period described in such subsection may not be carried over and shall be forfeited. 
‘‘(c) In order to verify that leave credited 
to an employee pursuant to subsection (a) is used for treating a service-connected dis-ability, such employee shall submit to the head of the employing agency certification, in such form and manner as the Director of the Office of Personnel Management may prescribe, that such employee used such leave for purposes of being furnished treat-ment for such disability by a health care provider. 
‘‘(d) In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 2105, and includes an officer or employee of the United States Postal Service or of the Postal Regulatory Commission; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘service-connected’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 101(16) of title 38; and 
‘‘(3) the term ‘veteran’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 101(2) of such title.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6328 the following: 
‘‘6329. Disabled veteran leave.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any employee (as that term is defined in sec-tion 6329(d)(1) of title 5, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)) hired on or after the date that is one year after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 9 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall prescribe regulations with respect to the leave provided by the amend-ment in subsection (a) for employees, but not including employees of the United States Postal Service or the Postal Regulatory Commission; and 
(2) the Postmaster General shall prescribe 
regulations for such leave with respect to of-ficers and employees of the United States Postal Service and the Postal Regulatory Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 313, the Wounded Warriors Fed-eral Leave Act of 2015, sponsored by my colleague, Congressman S
TEPHEN  
LYNCH . This important piece of legisla-
tion supports wounded warriors newly hired in the Federal Government. 
The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave 
Act of 2015 supports our disabled vet-erans transitioning to civilian careers by providing sick leave for medical treatments and appointments that are related to their service-connected dis-ability. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legisla-
tion provides immediate access to sick leave for any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-con-nected disability rated at 30 percent or more for the purposes of undergoing medical treatment for such disability. 
Because Federal employees begin 
with a zero sick leave balance and ac-crue sick leave over time, disabled vet-erans beginning civilian jobs often have insufficient sick leave to attend medical appointments required for treatment of their service-connected disabilities. This bill provides our newly hired disabled veterans with im-mediate access of up to 13 days for sick leave so that our disabled veterans do not have to take unpaid leave to care for their service-connected injuries. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 313 is supported by 
a number of veterans and employee or-ganizations, including the American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and Federal Managers Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.012 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6269 September 28, 2015 
I commend Mr. L YNCH for his leader-
ship on this issue and for working with Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Ranking Member 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. N OR-
TONto bring this bipartisan legislation 
before the committee. I also want to acknowledge Senators T
ESTER , MORAN , 
and T OOMEY for their work on the Sen-
ate companion bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this important piece of legisla-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 313, the Wounded Warriors Fed-eral Leave Act of 2015. 
I introduced this bipartisan legisla-
tion in January of this year, and I am proud that it has now gained the sup-port of over 30 Democratic and Repub-lican Members of Congress. 
I also want to thank the gentleman 
from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), for his 
remarks and his support of this bill. At the outset, I would also like to thank Chairman J
ASON CHAFFETZ and Rank-
ing Member E LIJAH CUMMINGS along 
with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and the gentleman from 
Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ) of the House 
Oversight and Government Reform Committee for their leadership in bringing H.R. 313 to the floor. I would also like to thank many of the vet-erans groups and Federal unions and workforce organizations that have joined together to endorse this legisla-tion. They include the Veterans of For-eign Wars, the American Legion, and the 31 unions and member organiza-tions that make up the Federal Postal Coalition. 
Let me also commend Jennifer Hem-
ingway of the majority staff for the Oversight and Government Reform Committee and Lena Chang of the Democratic staff for our committee for their great work on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the Wounded Warriors 
Federal Leave Act will address a prob-lem faced by many wounded warriors who are transitioning to civilian life through new careers in the Federal workforce. Currently, a first-year Fed-eral employee will begin his or her ca-reer with zero sick leave in the event of a medical event. That is because under current law, full-time Federal employ-ees only earn 4 hours of paid sick leave for each pay period that they work. 
Obviously, starting from the begin-
ning, they will have zero balance in their sick leave bank—with a max-imum of 104 hours of paid sick leave that is available per year. Neverthe-less, new employees start with zero. While Federal workers are able to carry over unused annual sick leave from year to year, they begin their first year on the job with no sick leave whatsoever. 
Now, this lack of initial leave for 
newly hired Federal workers is particu-larly burdensome on those employees who are also wounded warriors. These employees need to make regular visits 
to the VA to seek medical treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, and other serv-ice-connected disabilities, and they are quickly forced to burn up any sick leave that they do accrue during their first year at a Federal agency. 
b1530 
Several wounded warriors who have 
transitioned to the Federal workforce following their tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan and other assignments have highlighted this difficulty during discussions with me and my staff. 
These workers reported that, without 
sufficient leave during their first year on the job, they were routinely faced with the difficult choice between hav-ing to take a day off work without pay or simply skipping their scheduled VA appointments altogether. Some wound-ed warriors reported that the closest VA facility to their job was located a 2- or 3-hour drive away. 
As additionally noted by the Federal 
Managers Association: ‘‘Young men and women struggle with available leave as they attempt to keep service- related, medically-necessary appoint-ments, which puts undue stress on both managers and their Federal employees as they try to meet their Congression-ally-mandated missions and goals.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we must afford our 
wounded warriors the flexibility to re-ceive medical care as they transition to serving our Nation in a new capac-ity, through a Federal civilian job. The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act would do just that. 
This bill will provide first-year Fed-
eral employees who have a VA dis-ability rating of 30 percent or greater with 104 hours of wounded warrior leave from the moment they begin their Federal workforce careers. This 
includes eligible new hires at our Na-tion’s largest employer of veterans— the Defense Department—as well as the United States Postal Service. 
H.R. 313 also recognizes that these 
dedicated Federal workers will have accumulated up to 104 hours of tradi-tional sick leave by the end of their first year on the job. That is why the bill also provides that any unused wounded warrior leave would not carry over beyond the second year. 
The Wounded Warriors Federal Leave 
Act will also provide critical impor-tance, given that the most recent Fed-eral data on veterans employment indi-cates that Federal agencies are hiring a growing number of veterans each year. In fiscal year 2014, nearly 60,000, or 33.2 percent, of new hires at Federal agencies were veterans. That is an in-crease of 9.2 percent over fiscal year 2009. 
With the number of our young people 
who have served multiple tours of duty—three, four, five tours of duty in Iraq and Afghanistan—this is espe-cially important. Approximately 16,000 of newly Federal employees were wounded warriors with a disability rat-ing of 30 percent or greater. Again, I am thankful to Mr. 
C
HAFFETZ , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . And, also, I 
want to thank Mr. T ESTER . When we 
sent this bill over to the Senate look-ing for a cosponsor in the Senate, Sen-ator T
ESTER was quick to step up and 
take on this fight in the Senate. I want to thank him for his work on this bill in the Senate side. 
In closing, I urge all our Members to 
vote in favor of H.R. 313. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I truly thank Congressman L
YNCH for 
his leadership on this issue. It is an issue not only whose time has come, but probably should have come long be-fore this. It is a great idea that deals with the reality of what we face in dealing with wounded warriors and their ongoing success that this coun-try—a grateful country—ought to be involved with encouraging. 
I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 313. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FEDERAL VEHICLE REPAIR COST 
SAVINGS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 565) to reduce the operation and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 565 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Ve-
hicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that, in March 2013, the 
Government Accountability Office issued a report that confirmed that— 
(1) there are approximately 588,000 vehicles 
in the civilian Federal fleet; 
(2) Federal agencies spent approximately 
$975,000,000 on repair and maintenance of the Federal fleet in 2011; 
(3) remanufactured vehicle components, 
such as engines, starters, alternators, steer-ing racks, and clutches, tend to be less ex-pensive than comparable new replacement parts; and 
(4) the United States Postal Service and 
the Department of the Interior both in-formed the Government Accountability Of-fice that the respective agencies rely on the use of remanufactured vehicle components to reduce costs. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.014 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6270 September 28, 2015 
(1) the term ‘‘Federal agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(2) the term ‘‘remanufactured vehicle com-
ponent’’ means a vehicle component (includ-ing an engine, transmission, alternator, starter, turbocharger, steering, or suspen-sion component) that has been returned to same-as-new, or better, condition and per-formance by a standardized industrial proc-ess that incorporates technical specifica-tions (including engineering, quality, and testing standards) to yield fully warranted products. 
SEC. 4. REQUIREMENT TO USE REMANUFAC-
TURED VEHICLE COMPONENTS. 
The head of each Federal agency— 
(1) shall encourage the use of remanufac-
tured vehicle components to maintain Fed-eral vehicles, if using such components re-duces the cost of maintaining the Federal ve-hicles while maintaining quality; and 
(2) shall not encourage the use of remanu-
factured vehicle components to maintain Federal vehicles, if using such components— 
(A) does not reduce the cost of maintaining 
Federal vehicles; 
(B) lowers the quality of vehicle perform-
ance, as determined by the employee of the Federal agency responsible for the repair de-cision; or 
(C) delays the return to service of a vehi-
cle. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of S. 565, the 
Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 2015. This bill is a bipartisan and bicameral effort designed to reduce the costs of maintenance for the Federal vehicle fleet. 
The Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Sav-
ings Act encourages agencies to use re-manufactured vehicle components when doing so will reduce maintenance costs while also maintain quality. 
The term ‘‘remanufactured vehicle 
components’’ refers to components that have been returned to same-as- new or better condition and perform-ance by a standardized industrial proc-ess that incorporates technical speci-fications. 
In 2013, a Government Accountability 
Office report found that remanufac-tured vehicle components, such as en-gines, starters, alternators, steering racks, and clutches, tend to be less ex-pensive than comparable new parts. 
In fact, a 2012 study by the U.S. 
International Trade Commission found that remanufacturing parts can result in savings of 85 percent of the energy and material used to manufacture 
equivalent new parts. Further, this study found that remanufactured parts are, on average, 20 to 50 percent less ex-pensive. 
Requiring agency heads under this 
bill to encourage their Federal vehicle maintenance staff to use remanufac-tured components will reduce mainte-nance costs, which totaled $975 million in 2011, for 588,000 vehicles. 
This bill is also supported by the 
Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association, which directly employs over 734,000 people in U.S. manufac-turing jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-
gressmen H
UIZENGA and A SHFORD for 
their work on the House companion bill. I also want to thank Senators P
ETERS and L ANKFORD for their work 
on this legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan cost savings legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of S. 565, the Federal 
Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act, intro-duced by Senator P
ETERS of Michigan. 
I would also like to recognize Rep-
resentative B ILLHUIZENGA of Michigan 
for his good work on this legislation. 
S. 565 passed the United States Sen-
ate by unanimous consent last month. With today’s House passage, it can go straight to the President’s desk for his signature. 
The Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Sav-
ings Act would require the head of each Federal agency to encourage the use of remanufactured vehicle components if doing so would reduce costs while maintaining high quality. The intent behind this bill is to raise awareness of the option of using remanufactured parts and inform agency fleet man-agers of this cost-saving option. 
I would note that the bill encourages 
the heads of Federal agencies to use re-manufactured parts, but the decision ultimately to do so would remain at the discretion of fleet managers. 
According to a March 2013 Govern-
ment Accountability Office report, Federal agencies spent about $1 billion on vehicle repair and maintenance in 2011. The report also found that re-manufactured vehicle components tend to be much less expensive. For exam-ple, the Postal Service and the Depart-ment of Interior informed GAO that they rely on remanufactured vehicle components to reduce costs. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense 
piece of legislation that seeks to save taxpayer dollars and better ensure that the Federal Government is purchasing high-quality products. 
I urge Members on both sides of the 
aisle to vote for this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), 
my good friend and colleague. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, especially my friend, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , and my friend, 
Mr. W ALBERG , here from Michigan, as 
well as Ranking Member C UMMINGS , for 
bringing this bipartisan, bicameral bill to the floor to save taxpayer dollars and create jobs. 
I often hear, like most of us do, from 
our constituents: Why can’t Congress work together and get something done and eliminate wasteful spending and create jobs? Well, we have got it, folks. Here we go. 
With the Federal Vehicle Repair Cost 
Savings Act, I teamed up with Senator G
ARYPETERS , also of Michigan. We are 
going to save literally millions of tax-payer dollars by reducing spending on Federal vehicle maintenance and cre-ate good manufacturing jobs. 
Our commonsense bill calls on Fed-
eral agencies to use remanufactured components to repair and maintain the Federal vehicle fleet when using those parts would lower costs, achieve higher safety standards, and maintain quality and performance. 
Remanufactured parts are less expen-
sive than brand-new parts and have been returned to same-as-new condi-tion. I know this from firsthand experi-ence, owning a small sand and gravel operation where we oftentimes use re-manufactured parts on our own trucks. The component may be an engine, may be a transmission, may be a drivetrain, may be a rear end or an alternator. Each of those repairs presents an op-portunity to be more fiscally respon-sible with taxpayer dollars. 
In 2013, a GAO report found that the 
Federal Government owns a fleet of ap-proximately 588,000 vehicles. The cost of maintaining that fleet has ballooned to nearly $1 billion. 
While it is clear there needs to be a 
fleet of these Federal vehicles to have access to a reliable motor pool, it is important that these vehicles be main-tained efficiently and effectively to en-sure that those tax dollars—our pre-cious tax dollars—are used in the most effective way possible. 
In addition to eliminating wasteful 
spending, this legislation serves as an important boost to good-paying jobs and remanufacturing suppliers. 
According to the Motor and Equip-
ment Manufacturers Association, re-manufacturing of motor vehicle parts is responsible for over 30,000 full-time jobs across the United States. For ex-ample, in my district, Valley Truck Parts, headquartered in Wyoming, em-ploys 250 Michiganders. In Kentwood, Michigan, North America Fuel Sys-tems Remanufacturing employs more than 150 people. 
These companies, among so many 
others across Michigan and so many other States, demonstrate how re-manufacturing supports good-paying middle class jobs in States like Michi-gan and Ohio and North Carolina and Pennsylvania and so many others. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.006 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6271 September 28, 2015 
going to play an expanded role, I be-
lieve, in making this Federal Govern-ment even more efficient. 
I encourage my colleagues to join us 
in this effort to save millions of tax-payer dollars, support good jobs, and make the Federal Government run more efficiently. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, having heard the com-
ments on this, I urge the adoption of this commonsense bill that encourages also us doing an environmental thing as well in using resources that we have. 
I ask that my colleagues support this 
commonsense bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 565. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
GRANTS OVERSIGHT AND NEW 
EFFICIENCY ACT 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3089) to close out expired grants, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3089 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Over-
sight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IDENTIFYING AND CLOSING OUT EXPIRED 
GRANTS. 
(a) E XPIRED GRANT REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordination with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than December 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, that— 
(A) lists each covered grant held by such 
agency; 
(B) provides the total number of covered 
grants, including the number of grants— 
(i) by time period of expiration; (ii) with zero dollar balances; and (iii) with undisbursed balances; (C) for an agency with covered grants, de-
scribes the challenges leading to delays in grant closeout; and 
(D) for the 30 oldest covered grants of an 
agency, explains why each covered grant has not been closed out. 
(2) U
SE OF DATA SYSTEMS .—An agency may 
use existing multiagency data systems in order to submit the report required under paragraph (1). 
(3) E
XPLANATION OF MISSING INFORMATION .— 
If the head of an agency is unable to submit all of the information required to be in-cluded in the report under paragraph (1), the report shall include an explanation of why the information was not available, including any shortcomings with and plans to improve 
existing grant systems, including data sys-tems. 
(b) N
OTICE FROMAGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date on which the head of an agen-cy submits the report required under sub-section (a), the head of the agency shall pro-vide notice to the Secretary specifying whether the head of the agency has closed out grant awards associated with all of the covered grants in the report and which cov-ered grants in the report have not been closed out. 
(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date on which all of the no-tices required pursuant to paragraph (1) have been provided or March 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year described in subsection (a)(1), whichever is sooner, the Secretary shall compile the notices sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and submit to Congress a report on such notices. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than one year after the date on which the head of an agency provides notice to Con-gress under subsection (b)(2), the Inspector General of such agency with more than $500,000,000 in grant funding shall conduct a risk assessment to determine if an audit or review of the agency’s grant closeout process is warranted. 
(d) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date on which the second report is submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(2), the Director of Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall submit to Congress a report on recommendations for legislation to improve accountability and oversight in grants management, including the timely closeout of a covered grant. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) C
LOSEOUT .—The term ‘‘closeout’’ means 
a closeout of a grant account conducted in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, including sections 200.16 and 200.343 of such title, or any suc-cessor thereto. 
(3) C
OVERED GRANT .—The term ‘‘covered 
grant’’ means a grant in an agency cash pay-ment management system held by the United States Government for which— 
(A) the grant award period of performance, 
including any extensions, has been expired for not less than 2 years; and 
(B) closeout has not yet occurred in ac-
cordance with section 200.343 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I introduced H.R. 3089, the Grants 
Oversight and New Efficiency, or GONE, Act, to bring much-needed ac-countability to the Federal grant-mak-ing process. 
This bipartisan bill requires each 
agency to report to Congress on the amount of expired and empty grant ac-counts that remain open on the govern-
ment’s books. 
Under the bill, the agencies must ex-
amine the 30 grants that have been ex-pired for the longest period of time and explain why these grants have not been closed. 
One year after this initial report, 
these agencies will update Congress, re-porting on which accounts previously identified have been closed and which remain open. These reports will help Congress better understand why ex-pired grant accounts remain open at taxpayer expense. 
Mr. Speaker, in fiscal year 2014, Fed-
eral grant expenditures exceeded $529 billion, and that is real money. This enormous amount of money demands strong financial management to pro-tect taxpayer dollars from waste. 
In 2012, GAO released a report on the 
timeliness of grant closeouts by Fed-eral agencies. The report found nearly $1 billion remaining in undisbursed funds within expired grant accounts. 
Within one of the grant management 
systems GAO examined, there were al-most 1,000 accounts that had been ex-pired for 5 years or more and still had not been closed out. 
b1545 
GAO found out that this same man-
agement system contained 28,000 ex-pired grant accounts with no funds in them. Mr. Speaker, expired grant ac-counts create multiple levels of waste. 
First, the undisbursed funds remain-
ing in expired accounts could be better used for their appropriated purpose or returned to the Treasury to help bring down the deficit and mounting debt. 
Second, agencies pay a monthly fee 
for each account that remains open within the Federal payment manage-ment system. As a result, agencies could be spending roughly $2 million per year to maintain these 28,000 ac-counts with no funds in them, assum-ing they have not been closed. Surely we can find a better use for these tax-payer dollars rather than wasting funds maintaining expired accounts. 
Finally, grants that are not properly 
closed out slow the grant-making agen-cy from conducting the necessary over-sight to ensure that funds were prop-erly spent and that taxpayer money is not being wasted. The GONE Act is a response to these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3089 utilizes the 
Department of Health and Human Services to coordinate with agencies to provide these reports to Congress. HHS was chosen for this role because of some of its successful closeout efforts implemented in 2011. HHS’s commend-able work on grant closeout is exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\H28SE5.REC H28SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6272 September 28, 2015 
why we added a provision to this bill 
requiring HHS to coordinate with the Office of Management and Budget in reporting to Congress on legislative changes needed to improve the process of grants administration. 
H.R. 3089 strengthens oversight by 
asking the inspectors general of the largest grant-making agencies to con-duct a risk assessment of their agen-cy’s grant closeout processes. 
I thank Senators F
ISCHER and 
MANCHIN for their work on the Senate 
companion bill, S. 1115, including their work on the bill before the House today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
bring some commonsense steps to the Federal grant-making process by sup-porting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the legislation under 
consideration, H.R. 3089, the Grant Oversight and New Efficiency Act, was introduced by my friend Mr. W
ALBERG  
of Michigan in July of this year; and it was reported out of the House Over-sight Committee with the support of Mrs. B
RENDA LAWRENCE , also of Michi-
gan, this month. This bill would re-quire one-time reports from Federal agencies on expired grants. 
As noted earlier by Mr. W
ALBERG , in 
a report by the Government Account-ability Office, Federal agencies do not always close out expired grants prop-erly. In fact, GAO has found that in 2011, nearly $800 million in undisbursed balances remained in expired grant ac-counts. That money could be returned to the Treasury and spent on any num-ber of pressing priorities here in the House and Senate. 
In particular, Mr. W
ALBERG ’s bill, 
H.R. 3089, would require agencies to re-port to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Congress on grants that have expired and whether they have undisbursed balances. The bill would also require agencies to make recommendations on which grants should be closed out imme-diately as well as explain why certain grants were not properly closed out to begin with. 
I commend the Representatives from 
Michigan, both Mr. W
ALBERG , our lead 
sponsor on this bill, and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , for their work on this bipar-
tisan bill. This is a commonsense, good government measure that every Mem-ber should support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his support and lead-ership on the floor. I thank the chair-man and ranking member of our com-mittee. Most importantly, I thank my good friend and colleague from Michi-gan, Congresswoman B
RENDA LAW-
RENCE , for her support and helpful addi-
tions to this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this 
commonsense bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3089, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AIRPORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3614) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expendi-ture authority of the Airport and Air-way Trust Fund, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3614 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—AIRPORT AND AIRWAY 
PROGRAMS 
Sec. 101. Extension of airport improvement 
program. 
Sec. 102. Extension of expiring authorities. Sec. 103. Federal Aviation Administration 
operations. 
Sec. 104. Air navigation facilities and equip-
ment. 
Sec. 105. Research, engineering, and develop-
ment. 
Sec. 106. Funding for aviation programs. Sec. 107. Essential air service. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 201. Expenditure authority from Air-
port and Airway Trust Fund. 
Sec. 202. Extension of taxes funding Airport 
and Airway Trust Fund. 
TITLE I—AIRPORT AND AIRWAY 
PROGRAMS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AIRPORT IMPROVE-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 48103(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and $1,675,000,000 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
(2) O
BLIGATION OF AMOUNTS .—Subject to 
limitations specified in advance in appro-priation Acts, sums made available pursuant to the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be obligated at any time through Sep-tember 30, 2016, and shall remain available until expended. 
(3) P
ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—For pur-
poses of calculating funding apportionments and meeting other requirements under sec-tions 47114, 47115, 47116, and 47117 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall— (A) first calculate such funding apportion-
ments on an annualized basis as if the total amount available under section 48103 of such title for fiscal year 2016 were $3,350,000,000; and 
(B) then reduce by 50 percent— (i) all funding apportionments calculated 
under subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) amounts available pursuant to sections 
47117(b) and 47117(f)(2) of such title. 
(b) P
ROJECT GRANT AUTHORITY .—Section 
47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘March 31, 2016,’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING AUTHORI-
TIES. 
(a) Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2016’’. 
(b) Section 47115(j) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
(c) Section 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and not more than $5,175,000 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
(d) Section 47141(f) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(e) Section 50905(c)(3) of title 51, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2016,’’. 
(f) Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-
tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
(g) Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-
tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(h) Section 140(c)(1) of the FAA Moderniza-
tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2016,’’. 
(i) Section 411(h) of the FAA Modernization 
and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(j) Section 822(k) of the FAA Moderniza-
tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47141 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 103. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
OPERATIONS. 
Section 106(k) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D) by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the 
following: 
‘‘(E) $4,870,350,000 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘and for 
the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 104. AIR NAVIGATION FACILITIES AND 
EQUIPMENT. 
Section 48101(a) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) $1,300,000,000 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.020 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6273 September 28, 2015 
SEC. 105. RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, AND DEVEL-
OPMENT. 
Section 48102(a) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7) by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (8) by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) $78,375,000 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016.’’. 
SEC. 106. FUNDING FOR AVIATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 48114 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2016’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(b) C OMPLIANCE WITHFUNDING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The budget authority authorized in 
this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, shall be deemed to satisfy the re-quirements of subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2) 
of section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016. 
SEC. 107. ESSENTIAL AIR SERVICE. 
Section 41742(a) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $93,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$93,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $77,500,000 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on March 31, 2016,’’. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIR-
PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ in the 
matter preceding subparagraph (A) and in-serting ‘‘April 1, 2016’’, and 
(2) by striking the semicolon at the end of 
subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘or the Air-port and Airway Extension Act of 2015;’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2016’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIR-
PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(b) T
ICKET TAXES .— 
(1) P ERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(2) P
ROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
(c) F
RACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— 
(1) T REATMENT AS NON -COMMERCIAL AVIA -
TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘April 1, 2016’’. 
(2) E
XEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec-
tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) and the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D EFAZIO) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 3614. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, on September 30, 2015, 
the authorization for the Federal Avia-tion Administration programs and taxes that fund those programs will ex-pire. H.R. 3614 is a clean, 6-month ex-tension of all necessary authorizations through March 31 of 2016. 
As the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Aviation, I believe it is critical for Congress to come together in a bipartisan, long-term FAA reau-thorization bill. 
On the Aviation Subcommittee, 
Chairman S
HUSTER and I have had 
great working partnerships with Con-gressman D
EFAZIO and Congressman 
LARSEN . I want to thank Congressman 
DEFAZIO and Congressman L ARSEN for 
their bipartisan cooperation in this very important area. 
Without an extension, the FAA will 
not be able to spend funds from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. There-fore, airport construction projects across the country will be halted, con-tractors that support FAA will not be paid, construction jobs will be lost, and thousands of FAA employees could be furloughed. 
In my district in New Jersey, I have 
the privilege of representing approxi-mately 4,000 FAA employees and con-tractors who work at the FAA’s pre-mier technical center in the Nation. They contribute an extraordinary amount of energy and dedication to making sure that aviation continues to move forward. Without them, the state of aviation in our country would suffer, and we cannot afford them to be at home for failing because we failed to do our work and pass an extension bill. 
A lapse in the authorization will also 
result in the halt of certification and registration of new aviation products, greatly disrupting the aviation manu-facturing industry and jeopardizing more good paying jobs. The FAA’s air-craft registry would close, delaying de-liveries of new aircraft. As many as 10,000 aircraft a month could be grounded if registration cannot be re-newed. 
H.R. 3614 will allow us to continue 
developing a bipartisan, long-term re-authorization bill which will improve, rebuild, and modernize our Nation’s safe, yet highly antiquated, aviation system. 
I urge support of H.R. 3614. I reserve the balance of my time Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with my good 
friend, the gentleman from New Jersey, that it is essential that we pass H.R. 3614—the Senate passed it expedi-tiously—and it be signed by the Presi-dent. We cannot afford even, you know, the thought of a shutdown of the FAA. We have actually gone down that road in the past. Chairman M
ICA, in July of 2011, put 
some provisions into an FAA reauthor-ization that were objectionable to two very powerful Senators, and we actu-ally went through a shutdown. What we lost was $400 million of revenue be-cause the excise tax expired. 
Now, one airline, to give them credit, 
did pass the savings through, the excise tax, Alaska Airlines. All the other air-lines kept the money, and we lost $400 million from the trust fund. 
Capital programs ground to a halt. 
Airport construction ground to a halt, threatening tens of thousands of jobs. Airport inspectors had to work. They were essential employees. They weren’t paid, and they couldn’t get government vouchers, so they had to use their per-sonal credit cards to purchase tickets to go to work to do their job, which they weren’t being paid for. 
I mean, this was the ultimate of ab-
surdity. I only go into some detail on that because that is relevant to this extension. 
This is a 6-month extension. That 
should give us more than ample time to agree upon a long-term FAA author-ization. Much work has already been done on major portions of the bill, but some disagreements remain over the future of the air traffic organization. 
My preference would be to insulate 
the entire FAA from future vicissi-tudes of Congress going off the rails with a shutdown and furloughs and pro-visions that are unacceptable to the Senate that cause a temporary lapse in authorization. You know, we can get there. We are very close now. This year, all but 7 percent of the FAA’s budget will be paid for by user fees, ex-cise taxes, and others, so we are quite close. 
We would like to reform procure-
ment, to streamline it and make it work better at the FAA. When I was a very young Member of Congress, I got to witness the airport air traffic con-troller’s workstation of the future. That was 1987. Well, it is 2015, and they don’t have them yet. 
The FAA is the only agency of gov-
ernment worse at procurement than the Pentagon. Congress has tried to re-form it; it didn’t stick. We have got to try something different to get it to be more agile to give us the 21st century equipment and software that we need. 
Then there are issues of the actual 
sort of shape of the FAA bureaucracy, a little bit like that in the middle. Congress, also back in 1986, gave the FAA license to reform personnel prac-tices to deal with some of that mid-level management bulge and stream-
line the agency and decisionmaking process, but that didn’t take either. 
So the three problems are the pre-
dictability of funding and the agency being able to look into the future with-out having to worry about shutdowns, furloughs—I don’t know how much time they spent over the last couple of weeks getting ready for this shutdown that everyone thought would come this week before Speaker B
OEHNER an-
nounced his retirement; that has got to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.008 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6274 September 28, 2015 
be dealt with—and then also the pro-
curement reform and the personnel. 
The chairman’s solution is to sepa-
rate only the air traffic organization from the FAA and insulate that from Congress and those sorts of problems and make it, you know, free of the pro-curement rules and a lot of the per-sonnel rules. I would prefer to do that with the entire agency, because there are functions—we do have the best air traffic control system in the world. We are busier in the U.S. with more planes under instrument flight rules on a daily basis, about 20 percent more on an IFR average, than Canada, U.K., France, and Germany combined. 
So we know we have a safe system. 
We move massive amounts of air traf-fic. We don’t want to mess that up. And I understand, but I also don’t think we can isolate it from other decision-makers in the agency and leave them subject to the vicissitudes of Congress. 
The people who do the certifications, 
who do the inspections, who do the safety, it seems to me it should all be moved; and I propose a 21st century constitutionally chartered corporation in order to accomplish those goals and make it self-funding, self-sufficient, and not subject to appropriations or shutdowns or anything else that a fu-ture Congress might imagine. So that is the hangup. We haven’t agreed on that part yet, but I think we can. 
We share common objectives, and 6 
months should be more than ample time. I am hopeful that early this fall the chairman and I can resolve those issues with other members of the com-mittee, and then we can go forward with our colleagues in the Senate and hopefully have, you know, a bill on the President’s desk early, early next year, if not by the end of this year, although December promises to be perhaps a bit chaotic around here. 
b1600 
In any case, 6 months should be 
ample time. I do not anticipate mul-tiple short-term extensions. I don’t want them, nor does the chairman, nor do, I believe, any other thoughtful members of the committee. 
I see the gentleman from New Jersey 
shaking his head. We couldn’t agree more. We have been down that road be-fore, down that runway before. We don’t want to go down that runway again. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. L
AR-
SEN). 
Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise in support of the tem-porary measure to extend the author-ization of the FAA today, but I do so with great disappointment. We could be on the floor today to enact a longer term FAA reauthorization bill. In the last 2 years, the Subcommittee 
on Aviation, led by my colleague from New Jersey, Mr. L
OBIONDO , has held 16 
hearings on a variety of topics. We have heard from stakeholders that there is a long list of things that we need to do to stay competitive with our economic rivals and keep our airspace the safest and most efficient in the world: 
We need to reform aircraft certifi-
cation so that manufacturers can get the newest, safest equipment to mar-ket. 
We need to set clear rules for un-
manned aerial vehicles and accelerate efforts for their safe use. 
We need to advance NextGen pro-
grams to move air traffic faster and more efficiently. 
Chairman S
HUSTER , Chairman L OBI-
ONDO , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and I 
have achieved a bipartisan agreement on most of these major key issues that we need to address. That bill is ready to go. 
We didn’t hear during these hearings 
that we needed to privatize air traffic control. Now, some people want to pri-vatize air traffic control. I know that they want to do this in good faith. But we don’t need to do it, and it is pre-venting the things that we need to do from getting done. 
An entire bipartisan bill is being held 
up because we can’t agree yet on the details of what would be a very com-plex proposal. I fail to understand why at this juncture such a proposal is nec-essary, particularly when it prevents significant and much-needed reform from taking place. 
There is no dispute that today we 
safely operate the most complex and congested airspace in the world. Last year the Government Accountability Office asked 76 aviation stakeholders whether the FAA is capable of oper-ating an efficient air traffic control system. The overwhelming majority, 64 of those, said the FAA is, in fact, capa-ble of doing so. Privatizing the current system is clearly not a pressing need. It is a want. 
I wish I could say today I am sur-
prised that we find ourselves here today, but many people have been say-ing for a long time that this was the situation that we would be facing on September 30. In fact, when we held a hearing on air traffic privatization back in March, I predicted we were headed down this road of multiple short-term reauthorizations. 
The bipartisan portions of the bill 
that Chairman S
HUSTER , Chairman 
LOBIONDO , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, 
and I have agreed to would have imme-diate benefits all over the country. 
In my home State of Washington, it 
would protect and create American jobs through airport construction and aerospace manufacturing; it would im-prove aviation safety; it would improve the way the aircraft and parts are cer-tified to get newer and safer tech-nology to market; it would build on the safety improvements that this body has made following the tragic Colgan 
flight 3407 in 2009; it would improve the regulation and the development of un-manned aerial systems, which continue to proliferate in our airspace. 
We need a strong regulatory system 
in place to safely grow the unmanned aircraft industry, and until we act, that system cannot be in place. For every day of this extension, travelers and the aerospace industry will not re-ceive the improvements and protec-tions that we have crafted in the bipar-tisan portions of the bill that we are close to agreeing on. We will continue to fall behind other countries that are making similar improvements. 
As many lawmakers and aviation 
stakeholders recall, the last FAA reau-thorization bill came after a period of 5 years and 23 short-term extensions. I had hoped we would avoid serial exten-sions this time around, but today we start down that path. 
Yes, it is with disappointment that I 
am here to support a temporary exten-sion and strongly urge all my col-leagues to make sure this is the only temporary extension before enactment of a long-term bill. 
We have a long list of things that we 
need to do today to improve our air-space. We should focus on those things instead of the things only that we want to do. 
Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ), the chairman of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, here we 
are with a short-term extension for 6 months. I believe it is critical that we do this, obviously, as it is about to ex-pire. There are things that not only do we want to do, but we need to do, to make sure that we have the safest air-space in the world. 
We also need to make sure it is the 
most efficient airspace in the world. We can do that if we deploy the tech-nology and the things we have been talking about for almost 2 years now to transform the FAA into something that can move quicker, that can deploy the technology that is available to us. 
When we look around the world, 
there are over 50 countries that have taken the air traffic control organiza-
tion out of government and have been able to maintain the highest levels of safety, but deploy technology that makes their airspace more efficient. That is the kind of thing we are look-ing at. 
I think we are at a critical time. 
What we have been talking about is not anything new. It is something that we have been talking about for 20 years. In fact, the Clinton administration had a similar proposal, the Bush administra-tion had a similar proposal, and here we are today talking about it. But I think that we have different groups that are looking positively at this. 
We are very close to putting some-
thing together that, as I said, will transform the air traffic control sys-tem while keeping back in government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.022 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6275 September 28, 2015 
the safety and regulatory oversight to 
this agency to make sure that we are streamlining the certification process for our aviation industry that is manu-facturing everything from Boeings to Gulfstreams, to the avionics, to the parts that go into these flying systems. 
We have got to maintain our lead in 
the world. The way we do that is to streamline the certification process. The gentleman from Washington, who has Boeing in his district, agrees with me on that issue. There is a lot more in this that we need to do to move for-ward. 
I think, as we get through September 
and into October, we are going to be able to see the bill that we have put forth that is going to have, I believe, bipartisan support not only from Con-gress, but around the country, around Washington, D.C., and, as I said, here in the House. In talking to the Senate, I am encouraged by what they have said about what we are looking at pro-posing. 
Again, I would encourage all Mem-
bers to support this 6-month extension to give us the time to get our bill on and off the floor and let the Senate work on it so we can truly do some-thing that is bold, do something that is transformational, and do something that will be very, very positive for aviation, not only travel, but for the manufacturing industry in this coun-try. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I have 
requests to speak from Members who aren’t here. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
would like to thank Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. L ARSEN . I urge all 
my colleagues to support the legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, with passage of 
H.R. 3614 today, the House will ‘‘kick the can down the road’’ on a long-term FAA reauthor-ization for another six months. I certainly rec-ognize the dire need to keep our airports and air travel system functioning in the face of an expiration of the FAA’s authorization in less than 72 hours. However, I’m very disappointed that this bill does not contain any changes to current policy regarding aircraft noise impacts on communities surrounding airports. 
Over the last several months, constituents 
throughout my Congressional District have ex-perienced an alarming increase in aircraft noise due to the implementation of new flight paths under the FAA’s Next Gen program. The new flight paths have caused certain communities to be hit especially hard by air-plane noise, and other rural communities that have never experienced it are now being bombarded by noise. Many of these commu-nities received little or no advance notice or opportunity to comment on the flight path changes before they were implemented, and they were blindsided when the changes went into effect earlier this year. 
In July, I joined the Congressional Quiet 
Skies Caucus so that together we could make recommendations for the Transportation Com-mittee to include in an FAA reauthorization bill. These recommendations include: ensuring that FAA completes a robust community engage-
ment process before flight paths are changed; requiring the FAA to use a new method of measuring noise that captures the true levels of noise on the ground; removing the categor-ical exclusion from full environmental reviews for flight path changes; and mandating inde-pendent research on the health impacts of aviation noise. These important reforms would substantially improve the FAA’s process of ad-dressing and avoiding noise impacts. 
Once again, I wish to express my dis-
appointment that the bill before us today sim-ply reauthorizes the FAA for another six months with none of these important changes included. As the debate over a long-term FAA reauthorization continues, I hope these rec-ommendations will be carefully considered and ultimately included in the final legislation. The ability to get a good night’s sleep for thou-sands of my constituents depends on it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
OBIONDO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3614. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EQUITABLE ACCESS TO CARE AND 
HEALTH ACT 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2061) to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2061 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equitable Ac-
cess to Care and Health Act’’ or the ‘‘EACH Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION 
FROM HEALTH COVERAGE RESPON-SIBILITY REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(d)(2)(A) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) R
ELIGIOUS CONSCIENCE EXEMPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Such term shall not include 
any individual for any month if such individual has in effect an exemption under section 1311(d)(4)(H) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act which certifies that— 
‘‘(I) such individual is a member of a recog-
nized religious sect or division thereof which is described in section 1402(g)(1), and is adherent of established tenets or teachings of such sect or division as described in such section, or 
‘‘(II) such individual is a member of a reli-
gious sect or division thereof which is not de-scribed in section 1402(g)(1), who relies solely on a religious method of healing, and for whom the acceptance of medical health services would be inconsistent with the religious beliefs of the in-dividual. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(I) M EDICAL HEALTH SERVICES DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘med-ical health services’ does not include routine 
dental, vision, and hearing services, midwifery services, vaccinations, necessary medical serv-ices provided to children, services required by law or by a third party, and such other services as the Secretary of Health and Human Services may provide in implementing section 1311(d)(4)(H) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
‘‘(II) A
TTESTATION REQUIRED .—Clause (i)(II) 
shall apply to an individual for months in a taxable year only if the information provided by the individual under section 1411(b)(5)(A) of such Act includes an attestation that the indi-vidual has not received medical health services during the preceding taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amend-
ment made by subsection (a) shall preempt any State law requiring the provision of medical treatment for children, especially those who are seriously ill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2061 currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise to speak in favor of the EACH 
Act. This bill would expand the reli-gious liberty exemption to the indi-vidual mandate. Right now the exemp-tion is minuscule. To qualify, you have to believe as a matter of faith in giving up any private or public insurance, in-cluding Social Security. That includes the Amish, the Order of Mennonites, and that is about it. That is way too strict. 
Let’s remember the reason for this 
mandate in the first place. The other side said that, if you get sick and you don’t have insurance, the rest of us will have to pay for your health care. Well, we are talking about people who do not use health care. So why should they have to be forced to buy insurance for health care that they don’t use? 
I don’t think we should force any-
body to buy health insurance against their will, for that matter, but I think it is especially wrong to force people to buy insurance against their faith. This bill simply says: If you, as a matter of faith, don’t use health care, then you are exempt from the individual man-date. 
I am glad we are working on this 
long overdue change today. I would note that this came out of committee on a voice vote. I encourage Members to support it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.023 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6276 September 28, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The current religious exemption from 
ACA mirrors other religious exemp-tions used in the Internal Revenue Code. The EACH Act provides that any-one who ‘‘is a member of a religious sect that relies solely on religious methods of healing and for whom med-ical care is inconsistent with religious beliefs’’ can claim a religious exemp-tion from the individual mandate re-quirement. 
As a step to maintain a narrowly de-
fined religious exemption and meet concerns, this legislation is written more precisely than the previous bill that passed unanimously in this House. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), the 
author of the EACH Act. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Chairman R YAN for 
his leadership on this issue. I really ap-preciate the Committee on Ways and Means allowing me, a noncommittee member, to be able to take this impor-tant piece of legislation to the floor today. 
Today this Congress has an oppor-
tunity to work in a bipartisan way to promote religious liberty and, frankly, Mr. Speaker, fairness. H.R. 2061, the EACH Act, does this by modestly ex-panding the religious conscience ex-emption under the Affordable Care Act to include individuals like Christian Scientists, who rely solely on religious methods of healing. 
The existing religious conscience ex-
emption under the Affordable Care Act exclusively applies, as Chairman R
YAN 
said, to a few certain sects of faith. As a result, many Americans—as I men-tioned before, the Christian Sci-entists—are required to purchase med-ical health insurance that does not cover the health care of their religious practice or choice. Alternatively, they are forced to pay tax penalties for not purchasing such insurance. 
A similar version of the EACH Act 
passed this House unanimously under the suspension of the rules during the last Congress. In order to improve the bill, as Mr. L
EVIN, my colleague stated, 
modest changes to this bill’s language were made, with input from the De-partment of Treasury, the Department of Health and Human Services, and other key stakeholders. 
Under this bill’s new language, appli-
cants must annually attest to the ex-change that they are a member of a re-ligious group, that they rely solely on a religious method of healing, and that they have not received medical health services during the preceding taxable year. 
Additionally, with the help of input 
from the American Academy of Pediat-rics, the bill now makes it clear that the legislation does not preempt any State laws requiring the provision of 
medical treatment for children. Fur-ther, if a parent needs to provide nec-essary medical services to a child, doing so would not invalidate the indi-vidual’s exemption. 
The EACH Act is truly an example of 
bipartisan legislation with input from stakeholders to make it better. As of today, it has more than 100 Republican and more than 60 Democratic cospon-sors. 
I am particularly proud to have 
worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. K
EATING , on moving this legisla-
tion forward. He knows this issue well. His home State of Massachusetts es-tablished a similar religious conscience exemption in State law, and it is work-ing just as planned. 
Mr. Speaker, I also represent 
Principia College in Elsah, Illinois. It is a college for Christian Scientists. I am proud to stand up and promote their religious liberty and that of many others in this great Nation. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
b1615 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I think Mr. D
AVIS captured it quite 
well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2061, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENSURING ACCESS TO CLINICAL 
TRIALS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 139) to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income program and the Med-icaid program for compensation pro-vided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or con-ditions. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 139 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring 
Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF SUNSET PROVISION. 
Effective as if included in the enactment of 
the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–255, 124 Stat. 2640), section 3 of that Act is amended by striking subsection (e). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. D OGGETT ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on S. 139, currently under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of S. 139, the Ensur-
ing Access to Clinical Trials Act. 
The National Institutes of Health 
says that there are 7,000 rare diseases affecting people in the United States, and if we are going to find cures for those diseases, the first thing we need to do is to get people to participate in clinical trials. All too often, research-ers cannot find enough participants be-cause so few people have these diseases in the first place. 
Now—no surprise here—the govern-
ment used to make it more difficult for researchers to find people. Say you had a rare disease and you were on public assistance, like SSI or Medicaid. If you got compensated for participating in one of these trials, you got smaller benefits. That is why, in 2010, we passed the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act. 
For the past 5 years, this law has al-
lowed people to collect up to $2,000 per year by participating in rare-disease clinical trials without threat of losing their SSI or Medicaid benefits. The GAO says the law is working. Ever since we passed this law, more people on SSI have been participating in clin-ical trials as a result of it. 
The problem is this law expires next 
week, on October 5, so this bill would simply extend current law. That way, more people can participate in clinical trials without any reason to worry or without any threat to a loss of their benefits, and that way, we will con-tinue to make strides in fighting these diseases. CBO tells us this bill will cost virtually nothing. 
My friends, Senator H
ATCH and Sen-
ator W YDEN , introduced this bill in the 
Senate. It passed the Senate by unani-mous consent. In the House, my col-leagues Mr. D
OGGETT and Mr. M ARINO  
from Pennsylvania have introduced it along with 50 other cosponsors. 
I will include in the R
ECORD a letter 
listing the many supporters of this leg-islation. It is a list of over 70 organiza-tions, including the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, and the Huntington’s Dis-ease Society of America, just to name a few. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.025 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6277 September 28, 2015 
SEPTEMBER 22, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. S ANDER M. L EVIN, 
Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and 
Means, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
Hon. C
HARLES BOUSTANY , Jr., 
Chairman, Subcommittee on Human Resources, 
Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
Hon. L
LOYD DOGGETT , 
Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Human Re-
sources, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMEN RYAN AND BOUSTANY AND  
RANKING MEMBERS LEVIN AND DOGGETT : The 
undersigned organizations, representing mil-lions of Americans with rare and genetic dis-eases, advocates, industry, and academic in-stitutions, write to express strong support for H.R. 209/S. 139, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015. This legislation will permanently remove a barrier to clin-ical research and allow Supplemental Secu-rity Income (SSI) and Medicaid recipients to participate in and benefit from clinical trials without fear of losing vital benefits. 
The Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act 
of 2015 eliminates the sunset clause from the Improving Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2009 (IACT), legislation signed into law in 2010, making the IACT a permanent law. This will allow patients with rare diseases to continue to receive up to $2,000 in compensa-tion for participating in clinical trials with-out that compensation counting towards 
their income eligibility limits for SSI and Medicaid. 
Removing barriers to drug trial participa-
tion is particularly important as recent ad-vances in medical research and technology allow for the development of new and prom-ising medications. Securing an adequate number of clinical trial participants is vital for therapies that treat rare conditions, but rare disease researchers in particular often have difficulty recruiting drug trial partici-pants, simply because they have a smaller pool of patients. 
Further, with the advent of precision medi-
cine, therapies are being customized to treat a patient’s specific genetic makeup. These types of trials often require clinical trial participants bearing specific genetic mutations, which necessarily creates an even more complex and exclusive clinical trial re-cruitment process. Ensuring that all pa-tients with rare diseases are able to partici-pate in clinical trials can help open the door for the advancement of new targeted thera-pies in many important areas of medicine, including cancer and rare diseases like cys-tic fibrosis. 
Now is the time to ensure that all patients 
have access to clinical trials for potentially life-saving treatments. We look forward to working with you to secure passage of this bill to enable Social Security beneficiaries to participate in clinical trials so that re-search into life-saving treatments may con-tinue to advance. 
Sincerely, 
Actavis Adult CF Program—Northwestern Univer-
sity 
Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease Research 
Foundation APBDRF 
Alpha-1 Foundation ALS Association American Association for Respiratory Care 
(AARC) 
American Autoimmune Related Diseases As-
sociation (AARDA) 
Amyloidosis Support Groups Inc. Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of 
Chicago Antonio J. and Janet Palumbo Cystic Fibro-
sis Center, Pediatric and Adult Program, Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh UPMC 
Association of Clinical Research Organiza-
tions (ACRO) 
Association of Gastrointestinal Motility Dis-
orders, Inc. (AGMD) 
Batten Disease Support and Research Asso-
ciation 
Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) CADASIL Association Inc. Cardio-Facio-Cutaneous International CARES Foundation, Inc. (Congenital Adre-
nal hyperplasia Research, Education and Support Foundation) 
CF Care Center at Dayton Children’s Hos-
pital 
Congenital Hyperinsulinism International 
(CHI) 
COPD Foundation Cure CMD Cure SMA Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Cystinosis Foundation Debra of America FasterCures First Focus Foundation Fighting Blindness Foundation for Prader-Willi Research Foundation to Eradicate Duchenne Friedreich’s Ataxia Research Alliance 
(FARA) 
Genetic Alliance Hide & Seek Foundation for Lysosomal Dis-
ease Research 
Huntington’s Disease Society of America International Fibrodysplasia Ossificans 
Progressiva Association (IFOPA) 
Indiana University School of Medicine, CF 
Care Center 
International Society of Nurses in Genetics 
(ISONG) 
Lymphangiomatosis & Gorham’s Disease Al-
liance 
Lymphedema Advocacy Group Maine Medical Center CF Program M-CM Network MEBO Research, Inc. Medical College of Wisconsin, Milwaukee 
Cystic Fibrosis Care Center 
MitoAction MLD Foundation Moebius Syndrome Foundation Muscular Dystrophy Association Myotonic Dystrophy Foundation National Gaucher Foundation, Inc. National MPS Society National Organization for Albinism and 
Hypopigmentation (NOAH) 
National Organization for Rare Disorders 
(NORD) 
National PKU Alliance National Spasmodic Torticollis Association Parent Project Muscular Dystrophy (PPMD) Parents and Researchers Interested in 
Smith-Magenis Syndrome (PRISMS) 
Progeria Research Foundation ProMedica Toledo Children’s Hospital PXE International Research! America Rett Syndrome Research Trust Stanley Manne Children’s Research Institute Tarlov Cyst Disease Foundation The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia The Detroit Medical Reserve Corps The Massachusetts Medical Society The National Alopecia Areata Foundation 
(NAAF) 
The State University of New York School of 
Medicine and Biomedical Sciences 
Trimethylaminuria Foundation Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance University of Michigan Health System, Cys-
tic Fibrosis Center 
University of Pennsylvania Health System, 
Cystic Fibrosis Center 
University of Washington, Cystic Fibrosis 
Care Center Vertex Pharmaceuticals 
Virginia Commonwealth University Health 
System, Adult Cystic Fibrosis Program 
Wilson Disease Association 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. This is com-
mon sense, and I urge my colleagues to adopt this. 
There is one more point I would like 
to make. Nick Gwyn, the minority staff director of the Human Resources Subcommittee on Ways and Means, is retiring. 
I would like to take a minute to rec-
ognize Nick Gwyn for his work on this issue. He is leaving the staff of Ways and Means after serving on the com-mittee since 1998. This should be the last of many bills that he has helped our colleagues manage on the floor. 
During his time staffing the com-
mittee, Nick has worked on numerous laws related to welfare, disability, and unemployment policy. He also worked closely with our staff to create bipar-tisan child welfare laws that found more loving families for children in need. 
We wish Nick well in the next stage 
of his career, and we thank him for his service to the committee, the House, and the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I also 
wanted to honor Mr. Gwyn, and this is a good opportunity for us to do that. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), the ranking Democrat on the 
committee. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. D OGGETT and I will 
say a few words, when many, many are in order. 
Nick Gwyn has been, as our chairman 
said, a more than valuable member of this staff and a more than dedicated member of this staff. He has been in-valuable. His dedication has been end-less. 
Nick is leaving to pursue family and 
other needs. He knows he is going to leave us in need, in terms of his im-mense talents. His dedication to the subject matter that is, by definition, so directly involved with people is really beyond estimation. 
The subcommittee’s work deals, as I 
said, with the everyday challenges that so many of the citizens in this country face day in and day out. It was only a few days ago that we heard from Pope Francis how important it is for this in-stitution to focus on the individual needs of people, including those who are poor, some with handicaps, but ev-erybody who is in need of a hand up, really, as much, if not more than, a helping hand. And Nick has devoted over a dozen years to this very purpose. 
So, if I might say so, we have worked 
together with Nick, and we just want to thank him for more than a job well done. We have been very proud to serve with him. 
Mr. DOGGETT. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
I will just add, Nick, that I know you 
have spent some 25 years here on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.018 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6278 September 28, 2015 
Hill, 17 with our committee. Though I 
benefited from your good counsel be-fore becoming the ranking Democrat on the Human Resources Sub-committee, I particularly appreciated your good counsel during the last 3 years, whether it was working on child abuse and our successful work with former Chair Dave Camp and getting a national commission or dealing with problems of the unemployed. 
Just overall, the jurisdiction of our 
subcommittee is about children, chil-dren in need. Whether they are under this SSI program or child abuse or child care, they are children who should be able to rely on the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Family program for their needs. 
Nick has been an able advocate for 
children and someone who did work well, as Chairman R
YAN said, with all 
members of our committee to advance these purposes. We wish him well in his new endeavors, and we thank him for his service. 
Mr. Speaker, if I might talk just a 
little bit about the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act, it is about getting new treatments quickly into the lives of patients that are suffering from dread diseases across America, reau-thorizing existing law. 
Senator R
ONWYDEN led this effort 
successfully in the Senate with Sen-ator H
ATCH . And here, my colleagues, 
Mr. M ARINO and Mr. J IMMCGOVERN , co- 
chairs of the Cystic Fibrosis Caucus, joined with me in the introduction of this legislation in the House. 
The National Organization for Rare 
Disorders, and over 75 other organiza-tions, has been a strong supporter of this legislation, and I thank them for their work on behalf of the legislation. 
This bill makes permanent a law that 
is due to expire that will allow for indi-viduals with certain debilitating condi-tions to exempt a small amount of their income gained from participating in medical trials from Supplemental Security Income, or SSI, and for Med-icaid eligibility determination. 
This exemption removes an impor-
tant barrier to participating in clinical trials. If it is allowed to expire, pa-tients contributing to vital research could face the difficult decision of ei-ther dropping out of the trials alto-gether or losing their benefits. 
If you have ever met with someone 
with cystic fibrosis or someone in your family has it, you recognize how small the daily challenges that you face are compared to theirs. 
I think of Nicole Flores in Austin, 
who has two children battling with rare diseases. She explained that pa-tients shouldn’t have to worry about losing assistance when they are just working hard to stay alive. 
Over the past several months, I have 
heard from a number of families af-fected by rare diseases. These are par-ents who shared with me how far- reaching the modest relief this bill pro-vides can provide for a number of peo-ple. One couple recently sent me a pic-
ture of their 15-year-old son Mac Rung, who was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis at birth. Every morning and every evening, Mac undergoes chest therapy in order to clear his lungs and to avoid serious damage to help him get through the day. He takes medications with every meal to help him absorb his food and gain weight. He is battling a disease that many Americans have never heard of at an age where he shouldn’t have to worry about any-thing other than school. And because this disease is progressive, they are really working against the clock. 
Because of the approval of two new 
drugs, they told me that they never have had as much hope for Mac and his future as they do today. And while they are not a family that themselves rely on the bill that we have today be-fore us, as Chairman R
YAN indicated, 
they, and anyone with these rare dis-eases, stand to benefit if we have wide-spread participation in clinical trials on the approval of other new promising drugs like the ones that are already helping Mac. 
Financially penalizing vulnerable 
people for participating in research does nothing to advance that research. The National Institutes of Health— NIH, as we know it—estimates that 25 million Americans are suffering be-cause of rare disease. 
I hope now that today, the House will 
join the Senate in approving the Ensur-ing Access to Clinical Trials Act and that we continue this important effort to support patients across the country. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 209, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act, legislation that I have co-
sponsored. 
We must continue to ensure barriers 
do not stall patients from participating in rare disease clinical trials. This bill will continue to encourage rare disease patients, even those receiving Social Security Income or Medicaid benefits, to participate in clinical trials without jeopardizing their eligibility for those benefits. All patients should have ac-cess to these important and often life-saving trials that will advance medical research and work towards improving their health. 
The Senate has taken the important 
step to pass this legislation, and I en-courage my colleagues to advance this commonsense, bipartisan initiative and send it to the President’s desk for his signature. I thank the chairman and all those involved in the House for their work on this. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Chairman R
YAN as well as Chairman 
UPTON and Ranking Member F RANK  
PALLONE , who marked up this bill, and 
urge bipartisan approval of it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I also urge 
our colleagues to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased 
to support S. 139, the Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015. This bill will ensure current Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and Medicaid recipients can maintain those benefits while participating in clinical trials. Keeping their benefits will help them, but as a doctor I know that their participation in such trials stands to benefit countless others as well who suffer from rare conditions, both in the U.S. and abroad. We should ensure that pub-lic policy encourages that whenever we can, and that’s what this bill does. 
Under current law, the Social Security Ad-
ministration excludes up to $2,000 annually in compensation received by individuals partici-pating in rare disease clinical trials when de-termining their SSI and Medicaid eligibility and benefits. But this provision, put in place by bi-partisan legislation in 2010, is set to expire on October 5, 2015. After that date, all payments for participating in such clinical trials would be counted as income for SSI and Medicaid re-cipients, reducing or even ending their eligi-bility for those benefits. 
A number of people with rare diseases like 
Cystic Fibrosis receive SSI benefits. If this pol-icy is not made permanent, an individual par-ticipating in a clinical trial for a new treatment for Cystic Fibrosis could see a reduction or even the complete elimination of those impor-tant benefits. 
The reality is, most simply won’t take that 
risk, and will avoid participating in such trials. As GAO found in a 2014 report, ‘‘some stake-holders noted that compensation decreased participation in clinical trials in the past be-cause individuals were concerned about its impact on their SSI eligibility and benefits.’’ On the other hand, ‘‘financial incentives to partici-pate in clinical trials have generally been found to encourage participation in trials. This is likely because of the time, inconvenience, and expense that may be involved.’’ 
Ultimately, not continuing this policy could 
actually prevent clinical trials from occurring, since it would restrict the already small num-ber of people able to participate in the trial in the first place. 
That’s why the passage of S. 139 is so im-
portant, as it will remove the sunset date for current law—October 5, 2015. Failing to do so would force individuals to once again choose between maintaining their current health and disability benefits and the chance to partici-pate in a clinical trial that could improve or even cure their condition, as well as help oth-ers like them in the future. 
This bill is simple and consistent with cur-
rent SSI program exemptions. S. 139 strikes the October 5, 2015 sunset date on current policy, permitting SSI and Medicaid recipients with rare diseases to participate in such trials that help to advance research into finding cures. The Congressional Budget Office esti-mates that S. 139 will result in insignificant costs to the Federal government over the next 10 years, meaning no offset for this legislation is required. 
But its true value to people with rare dis-
eases—and those who in the future might benefit by their participation in clinical trials permitted under this legislation—could be enormous. Let’s pass this important legisla-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.030 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6279 September 28, 2015 
the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 
RYAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, S. 139. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1630 
HIGHER EDUCATION EXTENSION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3594) to extend tem-porarily the Federal Perkins Loan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3594 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Higher Edu-
cation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL ADVISORY 
COMMITTEE ON INSTITUTIONAL QUALITY AND INTEGRITY. 
Section 114(f) of the Higher Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
SEC. 3. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL PERKINS LOAN 
PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE LOANS .—Section 
461 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TOMAKELOANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to any stu-
dent who is not described in paragraph (2), an institution of higher education may make loans under this part to such a student until September 30, 2016, from the student loan fund established under this part by the insti-tution. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL LOANS FOR CERTAIN STU -
DENTS .—With respect to any student who has 
received a loan made under this part for an academic year ending prior to October 1, 2016, an institution of higher education that has most recently made such a loan to the student for an academic program at such in-stitution may continue making loans under this part through March 31, 2018, from the student loan fund established under this part by the institution to enable the student to continue or complete such academic pro-gram, but only if the institution has awarded all Federal Direct Stafford Loans for which such student is eligible. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—No funds are authorized to be appro-
priated under this Act or any other Act to carry out the functions described in para-graphs (1) and (2) for any fiscal year fol-lowing fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (c). 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS FROM STUDENT  
LOANFUNDS .—Section 466 of the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087ff) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘After September 30, 2003, and not later than March 31, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2016’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2003’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2016’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘After Oc-
tober 1, 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning Octo-ber 1, 2016’’. (c) A
DDITIONAL EXTENSIONS NOTPER-
MITTED .—Section 422 of the General Edu-
cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1226a) shall not apply to further extend the duration of— 
(1) the authority under paragraph (1) of 
section 461(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa(b)), as amended by sub-section (a)(1) of this section, beyond Sep-tember 30, 2016, on the basis of the extension under such subsection; or 
(2) the authority under paragraph (2) of 
section 461(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa(b)), as amended by sub-section (a)(1) of this section, beyond March 31, 2018, on the basis of the extension under such subsection. 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE. 
Section 491(k) of the Higher Education Act 
of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1098(k)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska). Pursuant to the 
rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from 
Wisconsin (Mr. P OCAN ) each will con-
trol 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rial on the bill, H.R. 3594. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise in support of the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this week, several pro-
visions of the Higher Education Exten-sion Act are set to expire, including the Perkins Loan Program. 
For several decades, the Perkins 
Loan Program has provided low-inter-est-rate loans to college students with severe financial need. If we allow this program to expire, it would be at a time when our Nation’s higher edu-cation system is failing many students trying to earn a college degree and a lifetime of opportunity and success. 
College costs continue to soar, new 
rules and regulations discourage inno-vation and deny access, and students are struggling to complete their edu-cation, not to mention find good-pay-ing jobs. 
This is a very bleak reality facing 
students from my home State of Michi-gan and across the country. The Amer-ican people deserve better. Students and families in my district and across the country deserve better, and my three children, who will one day in the not-so-distant future begin their col-lege careers, deserve better. The reau-thorization of the Higher Education Extension Act presents Congress an op-portunity to strengthen higher edu-cation for students, families, and tax-payers. 
My colleagues and I have already 
proposed a number of responsible re-forms that promise to promote innova-
tion, strengthen transparency, and help students complete their edu-cation. Members are also working to streamline the confusing maze of fi-nancial programs so that students can get the support they need. 
As we continue our efforts to reau-
thorize the law, now is not the time to turn our backs on the students who rely on the Perkins Loan Program for their college education. Now is the time to help meet the immediate need of students in Michigan and across our country, and the Higher Education Ex-tension Act of 2015 will do just exactly that. 
This bipartisan proposal will extend 
for 1 year the Perkins Loan Program, allowing participating colleges and universities to continue to service their borrowers. It will also allow cur-rent Perkins recipients who remain in the same academic program to be eligi-ble to receive those funds through March 2018. The legislation will also extend other provisions in the Higher Education Extension Act that aim to support students, institutions, and pol-icymakers. 
Finally, let me note for my col-
leagues and the American people, by reforming the Perkins Loan Program, we ensure that this legislation is fully paid for, at no additional cost to tax-payers. 
I am proud to lead this bipartisan ef-
fort with the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ), who shares my 
commitment to helping other students achieve their dream of a college edu-cation. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 3594, 
the Higher Education Extension Act, and I would like to thank my col-league, Mr. B
ISHOP , as well as my col-
leagues, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M ESSER , 
and Ranking Member S COTT, for their 
leadership on this issue. 
This bill would extend the Perkins 
Loan Program for 1 year. Perkins loans are need-based loans which foster ac-cess to higher education for low-in-come students by providing low-inter-est loans to students in need. Colleges and universities tailor the program to best fit borrowers’ and educational in-stitutions’ situations. 
Perkins is a risk-sharing program, 
with institutions contributing one- third of their students’ awards. This ‘‘ownership interest’’ also contributes 
to the successful management of this vital program. 
We have only 2 days before the Per-
kins Loan Program is set to expire, so we must act immediately. 
Since its inception in 1958, over $28 
billion in loans have been made to stu-dents through almost 26 million aid awards. Perkins Loan borrowers are predominantly from lower income fam-ilies and are often the first in their family to attend college. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.032 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6280 September 28, 2015 
Perkins loans have a set interest rate 
of 5 percent, which begins to accrue 9 months after the borrower ceases to be a student. However, this program has not been reauthorized since the 2009 fis-cal year. 
Besides making higher education ac-
cessible for lower income students, this program serves as an incentive for peo-ple who wish to go into a public service by offering targeted loan cancellations for specific progression in areas of na-tional need, including teaching, nurs-ing, and law enforcement. 
Earlier this year, I introduced a bi-
partisan resolution in support of the Perkins loans with Congressman M
ESSER of Indiana, H. Res. 294, with 56 
cosponsors. My colleague Representa-tive L
OUISE SLAUGHTER , a leader on 
this issue, offered a letter with more than 90 bipartisan signatures in sup-port of this important program. Over 33 groups and higher educational institu-tions have supported this bill’s reau-thorization. 
Bottom line, the Perkins Loan Pro-
gram has helped millions of students and families struggling to find a way to pay for college. I applaud my colleague 
across the aisle, specifically, a thank- you to Mr. B
ISHOP , for helping to en-
sure students have access to Federal fi-nancial aid that they need to make col-lege affordable and accessible. 
I urge support of this bill, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman 
BISHOP and Congressman P OCAN for in-
troducing H.R. 3594, the Higher Edu-cation Extension Act. 
I would also like to thank Chairman 
K
LINE and Ranking Member S COTT for 
supporting a bipartisan effort to avoid the expiration of the Federal Perkins Loan Program, a program that helps make college affordable for low-income students across the country. 
In my district in Oregon, across the 
State, and across the country, colleges and universities use the Perkins Loan Program to expand access to higher education. For example, Linfield Col-lege and Pacific University, in my dis-trict, award Perkins loans to hundreds of students; and University of Oregon and Oregon State University distribute Perkins loans to thousands, providing a clear benefit to students who have significant financial need. 
As Congress works to reauthorize the 
Higher Education Extension Act, it is important that we continue to increase access to affordable higher education. 
I commend my colleague for intro-
ducing the Higher Education Extension Act, and I ask all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my colleagues for this bipartisan effort, and I want to thank the gen-tleman for yielding. 
I rise today also in support of the 
Higher Education Extension Act. 
The Perkins Loan Program provides 
low-interest loans to economically dis-advantaged students to help finance their postsecondary educations. 
The Perkins Loan Program assisted 
nearly 540,000 American students na-tionwide in the 2013–2014 academic year by providing $1.2 billion in loans. More than 1,500 colleges and universities across the United States participate in this popular program. 
While the Perkins Loan Program is 
sometimes viewed as benefiting stu-dents predominately in the Northeast, California is the second largest recipi-ent. In California, more than 46,000 stu-dents received these loans last year. These loans resulted in more than $105 million in the last year to California students. 
Students from across the country 
who attend California schools, like Saint Mary’s College in my district, are able to receive a top-notch edu-cation through assistance programs like the Perkins Loan Program. In-creasing access and improving afford-ability translates to increased opportu-nities for students and improves the Nation’s economy by ensuring that to-day’s students are tomorrow’s highly trained workforce. 
This bill is a necessary step to ensur-
ing that our students continue to re-ceive the assistance they need and de-serve. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), who has been a 
leader on this issue. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I am very grateful to Mr. B
ISHOP and to 
Mr. M ESSER and Mr. P OCAN and all oth-
ers who worked on this really impor-tant issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the Perkins Loan Pro-
gram is 57 years old. It is the Nation’s longest running Federal student loan program. It is unlike any other Federal student aid program because this crit-ical program is specifically directed at helping low-income students afford the cost of higher education. It helps the deserving students who would not be able to afford a college education oth-erwise, students that save up and work hard for every credit that they earn. 
Without Perkins, 500,000 low-income 
students across the country, nearly 50,000 from the State of New York and over 6,000 in my district alone, would not have access to a critical safety net. 
The Perkins Loan fills the gaps in 
student aid, and acts as a lifeline when unforeseen disruptions jeopardize a 
student’s ability to pay for college. They offer an affordable alternative to private student loans and, furthermore, they are self-sustaining, meaning that as graduated students pay back their loans, they fund the current students’ loans. 
This summer, 94 bipartisan col-
leagues joined me in a letter urging Chairman K
LINE and Ranking Member 
SCOTT to ensure that the Perkins Loan 
Program was not allowed to expire, and I am grateful for their help here on this today. 
I stood with students and the presi-
dents of colleges and universities in my district, two of whom have received Perkins loans themselves, to voice sup-port for the continuation of the pro-gram. Among the people attending were three medical students from the University of Rochester. Heaven knows, we cannot afford to lose the services of three medical students. 
I was also privileged to stand with 
my good friend Congressman P
OCAN  
and to hear from advocates and stu-dents who see and experience the bene-fits of the Perkins loans every day. 
While I strongly prefer a long-term 
reauthorization and look forward to working with my colleagues in the coming months to secure one, I am pleased that the Higher Education Ex-tension Act succeeds in keeping the program alive, ensures that next year’s incoming class will be able to access Perkins loans, and buys us some time to secure a lasting extension. 
I urge passage of this bill for all 
those students whose education dreams depend on having the Perkins loans. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I just want to again thank Rep-
resentative B
ISHOP for all your work on 
this—thank you very much—and Chair-man K
LINE and Ranking Member 
SCOTT. This is, I think, a good example 
of how we can work together in a com-mittee to make sure that higher edu-cational needs are met. 
I represent about 75,000 higher edu-
cation students. With UW Madison as the flagship, about 45,000 students, we have other campuses for the UW sys-tem, Beloit College and other smaller private colleges, Madison College and others. 
This is a really important program, 
not just back home in Wisconsin, but across the country; and the fact that we are able to get this done in a bipar-tisan manner shows how I think Con-gress can work its very best. So I urge my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like 
to thank Mr. P
OCAN as well and all 
those that have come to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.034 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6281 September 28, 2015 
Helping more individuals access and 
complete higher education is a goal we all share. Research shows that students who earn a degree or credential are more likely to succeed in today’s glob-al economy. 
For example, those with an Associate 
Degree are expected to earn 27 percent more than those with a high school di-ploma over the course of a lifetime, un-derscoring the value of higher edu-cation. 
b1645 
Unfortunately, less than 60 percent of 
students complete their studies within 6 years often because they can’t afford to. Failure to pass the Higher Edu-cation Extension Act of 2015 will only make it more difficult for some stu-dents to access and complete their edu-cation. 
Students across the country—includ-
ing in my home State of Michigan— count on the Perkins Loan Program to help afford a college education. By sup-porting this responsible bipartisan leg-islation, we will deliver certainty to students and institutions as we con-tinue to work on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 3594. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, as we pass 
the Higher Education Extension Act of 2015, I would like to emphasize the importance of higher education in assisting our young people in building the knowledge and skills that will allow them to succeed in the workforce and, ultimately, help U.S. businesses and industry to compete in the global market. 
Michigan is home to many outstanding col-
leges and universities and I often speak with families throughout the 14th District and the state about the financial burden created by the increasing cost of higher education. Like many Americans, I firmly believe that making higher education more affordable and accessible should be among our foremost priorities. Dur-ing a recent trip to my District, I spoke with a student who held a full-time job while in school because her family could not afford her tuition. Although work can be extremely rewarding and helps to build a strong work-ethic, stu-dents who are forced to work long hours and attend school full-time often suffer diminished academic success. 
Since 1986, the Federal Perkins Loan Pro-
gram has been an essential part of college fi-nancial aid packages because it provides a long-term and low-interest alternative to ex-pensive private loans for students. Extending the Perkins Loan Program will provide lower income students with the funding they need to attend college with their full focus on their education. Additionally, the cost of this exten-sion is not borne by taxpayers. Rather, the Perkins Loan Program fully funds itself when past loan recipients pay-off the balance of their loan. 
I am proud that our Chamber has taken this 
important step toward ensuring all young peo-ple have the opportunity to benefit from a world class education. I want to thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for sup-porting the fight to make higher education af-fordable and accessible for all Americans. Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of this bill, which would extend the Per-kins Loan program for one year, so that stu-dents who have demonstrated exceptional fi-nancial need can complete their under-graduate or graduate education in order to be-come academically qualified to join our work-force. 
Historically, Perkins loans have served our 
students well by offering low-cost loans with flexible repayment terms and generous for-giveness options. They are often the dif-ference between whether or not our students can afford to attend college, including 12,000 students in Texas. 
For the academic year 2013–2014, nearly 
500,000 students who needed financial assist-ance were awarded nearly $1 billion in Perkins loans. And throughout its 57-year history, more than 30 million students with need have benefited from this program. 
The Congressional Budget Office has esti-
mated that the federal government will reclaim nearly $5 billion in revenue from Perkins loans over the next ten years. That is $5 billion that should be returned to students to help keep college affordable for the most financially chal-lenged students. And that is $5 billion that would have been lost if the program is not ex-tended. 
Without Perkins loans, schools would lose 
the necessary flexibility to help students cover their expenses after federal grants and Staf-ford loans are applied or unforeseen cir-cumstances jeopardize a student’s ability to pay for college. 
If we want the United States of America to 
remain a global leader with the competitive edge necessary to sustain economic growth and job creation, we need the best, most high-ly trained workforce to sustain our advantages. The Perkins Loan program is a major part of helping our students develop, reach for and join that workforce. 
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to extend the federal Perkins Loan program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3594. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AMERICAN SAMOA MINIMUM 
WAGE INCREASE POSTPONEMENT 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2617) to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2617 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MINIMUM WAGE FOR AMERICAN 
SAMOA. 
(a) M INIMUM WAGE.—Paragraph (2) of sec-
tion 8103(b) of the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 (29 U.S.C. 206 note) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(2) the minimum wage applicable to 
American Samoa under section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)) shall be— 
‘‘(A) the applicable wage rate in effect for 
each industry and classification as of Sep-tember 29, 2015; and 
‘‘(B) increased by $0.50 an hour (or such 
lesser amount as may be necessary to equal the minimum wage under section 6(a)(1) of such Act), beginning on December 31, 2016, and on December 31 of every third year thereafter, until the minimum wage applica-ble to American Samoa under this paragraph is equal to the minimum wage set forth in such section.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORTS .—Section 8104 of the Fair 
Minimum Wage Act of 2007 (29 U.S.C. 206 
note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘September 1, 2011’’ and in-
serting ‘‘April 1, 2017’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence and in-
serting the following: ‘‘The Government Ac-countability Office shall submit a subse-quent report not later than April 1, 2020.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the study 
under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘any re-port under subsection (a)’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON ALTERNATIVE METHODS OF  
INCREASING THE MINIMUM WAGE IN AMERICAN  
SAMOA .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this subsection, the Govern-ment Accountability Office shall transmit to Congress a report on alternative ways of in-creasing the minimum wage in American Samoa to keep pace with the cost of living in American Samoa and to eventually equal the minimum wage set forth in section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gen-
tleman from the Northern Mariana Is-lands (Mr. S
ABLAN ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 2617. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2617. 
This legislation is simple and straight-forward. It would delay for 15 months a minimum wage increase that will take effect in American Samoa in just 2 days. If this increase takes effect, it will harm the very people it was in-tended to help, the hard-working men and women of American Samoa. 
The reason we are here today is also 
quite simple. We are here because the local government in American Samoa is urging us to do this. We are here be-cause the employers in American Samoa, who are few and far between, are urging us to do this. And, most im-portantly, we are here because the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.035 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6282 September 28, 2015 
workers in American Samoa are urging 
us to do this. 
You don’t have to take my word for 
it. Those are the facts that have been reported by the nonpartisan Govern-ment Accountability Office. For years, the territory has been plagued by a weak economy, fewer jobs, and higher inflation. 
The tuna canning industry, an essen-
tial part of the American Samoa econ-omy, has been hit especially hard. Ac-cording to our own independent gov-ernment watchdog, previous wage in-creases have forced employers to delay expansion, limit overtime, and cut labor costs, which means that they have ultimately had to lay off workers. Many fear these tough challenges will only get worse if we fail to act now. 
It should be noted that this isn’t the 
first time we have had to take this step. When our Democratic colleagues were in control a few years back, they passed legislation delaying the arbi-trary wage increase they set in motion. That effort passed with strong bipar-tisan support, and I expect today’s leg-islation will as well. 
I also want to note that the legisla-
tion will help us end a dangerous pat-tern of uncertainty and last-minute delays. Under the bill, the Government Accountability Office is required to re-port on alternatives to setting the min-imum wage in American Samoa. 
No doubt there are a number of alter-
natives Congress could consider. For example, local leaders have proposed bestowing upon them the responsibility for setting wages in their local commu-nities. While this is certainly an inter-esting idea, it is a debate for another day. 
Today let’s do the right thing by 
passing this important legislation. 
In closing, I wish to thank my col-
league from American Samoa, Delegate A
MATA RADEWAGEN , for authoring this 
legislative proposal and for her tireless leadership on behalf of her constitu-ents. 
I urge all of my colleagues to stand 
with the people of American Samoa and support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, reducing the income in-
equality between the people I represent in the Northern Mariana Islands and Americans in the rest of our Nation is one of my key goals as a Member of Congress. 
Household median income in the 
Marianas was just $20,000 in the last census compared to $53,000 nationwide. For that reason, I have always sup-ported the decision made in the 110th Congress to raise the minimum wage in the Marianas to the U.S. level in a se-ries of graduated steps. 
When that decision was enacted in 
Public Law 110–28, the locally set min-imum wage in the Mariana Islands was just $3.05 per hour and the minimum wage had been stuck at that level since the 1990s. Today the minimum wage has effectively doubled to $6.05 and will 
increase to $6.55 a year from now. 
That doubling of the minimum wage 
has occurred during a period of eco-nomic difficulty for the Mariana Is-lands. Gross domestic product was dropping by 8 percent, 12 percent, 19 percent in the first 3 years of minimum wage increase. 
I should say, however, that these 
drops had nothing to do with the wage and everything to do with the loss of manufacturing because of the General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade and be-cause of a loss of tourism. 
In the most recent year for which 
GDP data is available for our islands, we had economic growth of 4.4 percent, even as the minimum wage continued to rise. 
The U.S. Bureau of Economic Anal-
ysis says that this economic growth re-flects a growth in tourism, especially an increase in tourism from China. But it also reflects a growth in consump-tion because workers who are paid more can spend more, and that is good for the economy. 
So I look forward to next year’s in-
crease of another 50 cents in the min-imum wage in the Mariana Islands. I look forward to reaching the national minimum wage in 2019, and I support legislation raising the national min-imum wage because I have now seen in my district that increasing wages can have a positive impact on economic ac-tivity and improve people’s lives. 
At the same time, I recognize that 
there is such a thing as economic re-ality. Raising the minimum wage too quickly could have a detrimental ef-fect, could cause employment to shrink. For that reason, over the last 7 years that I have been in Congress, I worked with Members on both sides of the aisle to tailor the minimum wage increases to the specific economic re-alities in my district. 
Instead of raising it by 50 cents every 
year, as the original law required, we skipped the increases in 2011, 2013, and this year, 2015. We arrived at the deci-sion to stretch out the time of the in-creases by listening to employers on the island and to workers because workers also understand that increas-ing wages too quickly could jeopardize their jobs. We also listened carefully to the Government Accountability Office experts who look at the effect of these minimum wage increases periodically and report back to Congress. 
I think that, so far, as least, we have 
successfully walked the fine line. We have kept the minimum wage increas-ing—faster than prices, GAO tells us— without disrupting the economy. 
I am very grateful to both Democrats 
here in Congress, who agreed to slow down the increases, and to Repub-licans, who agreed to let the minimum wage keep going up. They did so, I think, because of a recognition that a relatively isolated island economy might need special consideration and because, when it comes to a decision that only affects a Member’s own dis-trict, there is a tradition of deference 
here in Congress to the views of that Member. 
This is a very long way around to 
saying that I support H.R. 2617, the bill now under consideration. 
The gentlewoman from American 
Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) has made the 
determination that what is best for her constituents is to delay further in-creases in the minimum wage. She too represents a relatively isolated island economy. Her constituents too have in-comes much below the U.S. average. The specific economic factors in Amer-ican Samoa are not the same as in the Northern Mariana Islands. 
So while a delay for American Samoa 
may be appropriate, I would not want to imply a further delay for the North-ern Marianas is called for at this time. But I do think that the same courtesy that the House has provided to me, when it comes to making a judgment about the well-being of the people I represent, should be given to the Dele-gate from American Samoa with re-spect to her own district. 
For that reason, I urge Members to 
support passage of H.R. 2617. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield 10 minutes to the gentle-woman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ). 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, it 
is an honor and a privilege for me to serve the people of American Samoa in the U.S. House of Representatives. My home district of American Samoa, an isolated group of islands, is 6 hours by plane south of Hawaii. 
Sometimes we jokingly refer to our 
three main exports as canned tuna, military personnel, and NFL players. 
Today I would like to talk about the 
canned tuna, though. Due to an over-sight, the Fair Minimum Wage Act, which became law in 2007, contained language that stipulated that Amer-ican Samoa must raise its minimum wage by 50 cents every 3 years starting in 2009 until it meets the Federal standard. 
Since that time, Congress has gra-
ciously granted two waivers to Amer-ican Samoa which prevents them from having to institute the increase, and wisely so. Had Congress not granted the waivers, the effects would have been absolutely devastating to our local economy, of which the tuna can-neries comprise 80 percent. 
When the Fair Minimum Wage Act 
was passed in 2007, American Samoa had two canneries on the island. As a direct result of the law and concern with future wage increases, in 2009, the day after a deadly tsunami struck our island, the cannery operated by Chick-en of the Sea relocated to Thailand, causing thousands to instantly lose their jobs and hundreds shortly fol-lowed. 
In Thailand, Chicken of the Sea now 
pays their workers a mere $1.25 an hour and are rumored to be cutting wages further in 2016, while the workers in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.038 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6283 September 28, 2015 
American Samoa are paid $4.76 an 
hour. While $4.76 may not seem like a large amount here in the States, one must realize that, in American Samoa, the cost of living is drastically dif-ferent. 
Due to how the lands are owned and 
managed in American Samoa, there is actually no such thing as rent or a mortgage, items that often comprise up to one-half of a person’s monthly expenses. Because our people do not have an expense for housing, $4.76 an hour goes much further than it would here in the States. 
While well-intended, the Fair Min-
imum Wage Act has placed the eco-nomic well-being of American Samoa in great jeopardy. No one would like to see the people of American Samoa prosper and have their wages increased more than I. 
However, this is neither the time nor 
mechanism for such a drastic increase, as it would surely be the proverbial nail in the coffin for the local econ-omy, as the two canneries that are cur-rently operating out of American Samoa have stated the strong possi-bility of having to leave our island be-cause they simply would not be able to compete financially against their for-eign competitors. One of these can-neries just opened this year and is try-ing to establish a toehold in the region. Without the extension, this will be 
very difficult for them. 
Currently, due to many factors, the 
long-term continuity of the Pago Pago- based canneries is now threatened by reduced tuna deliveries and supply, which will negatively affect cannery production, impact cannery employ-ment and support services, and could possibly destroy American Samoa’s economy altogether. 
b1700 
Past decisions by the United States 
Government have led to the current dire situation. 
In 2005, the U.S. Government agreed 
to reduce fishing opportunities by U.S. purse seine vessels on the high seas and within the U.S. EEZ. At the same time, the U.S. purse seine fleet contracted from 49 vessels in 1994 to 11 in 2007. 
This major shift in the management 
of the purse seine fishery should have been recognized by the United States Government as significant in terms of fleet operations and the impact it would have on American Samoa. Unfor-tunately, it seems that the territory was not considered. 
That same year, the U.S. allowed 
Taiwanese-built vessels to become U.S. flagged, thereby receiving the same benefits afforded under the South Pa-cific Tuna Treaty. These new vessels fish farther away from American Samoa and predominantly offload their catch in Thailand. 
In 2013, the U.S. Government agreed 
to pay a combined amount, from both government and industry, of approxi-mately $90 million, while agreeing to further reduce the United States fish-ing effort on the high seas. After that, in 2014, the United States 
agreed to an inexcusable deal, to the detriment of American Samoa, reduc-ing the amount of fishing days avail-able in Kiribati waters to the United States fleet from 4,313 to just 300 days in just 1 year. Kiribati waters are typi-cally the most productive purse seine fishing grounds in close proximity to Pago Pago. However, the American Samoa-based purse seine vessels are now forced to travel great distances, making Pago Pago canneries less desir-able and increasing transshipping to foreign ports. 
In addition, the expansion of the Pa-
cific Remote Islands Marine National Monument and the high seas effort limit have further reduce the fishing grounds available to the American Samoa-based purse seine fleet, lending to the dire situation facing American Samoa’s local canneries. These are waters that have been fished by our people for many centuries. 
Like other small island developing 
states and territories in the Pacific, American Samoa and the fishing indus-try it supports should be afforded spe-cial recognition, not crushed by the worst aspects of capitalism—and I say this as a devout capitalist. 
Until we begin to safeguard our fish-
ery interests in the region, American Samoa’s tuna fisheries will continue to wither, creating economic ruin in American Samoa, the other Pacific ter-ritories, and even Hawaii, leaving the United States as a passive observer in the world’s largest tuna fishery, leav-ing other nations such as China to run roughshod over fisheries to the det-riment of not only the people, but the environment as well. 
We must reverse some of the 
missteps the United States has taken over the years which have left the American Samoa economy in this high-ly vulnerable position. The closing off of large swaths of ocean, under the guise of national monuments, which cover thousands of square miles of tra-ditional fishing grounds that our peo-ple have used for centuries, to the re-duction in allotted fishing days that have gone from over 4,000 to under 500 in just 1 year, this is certainly not the time to put further pressure on an in-dustry that is seemingly under attack from all sides, a local industry that op-erates at a loss in comparison to its competitors when it comes to labor, due to their longstanding relationship with the people of American Samoa, for which we are very grateful. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard some con-
cern about Congress continuing to kick the can down the road on this issue. To those, I extend willing and eager hands for cooperation and assistance in fixing the mechanism by which the wages are set in American Samoa. The playing fields between the United States and American Samoa are too drastically different to place on the same wage scale, and to keep American Samoa tied to the current standard is dan-gerous and irresponsible. It is my plan to use the time granted in the exten-
sion to work on a new mechanism for setting the minimum wage rate in American Samoa, and I happily encour-age fellow Members to join me in this mission. 
If there is ever any bill that I intro-
duce that I wish I could vote against, this would be it. However, while it is difficult, I also know that it must be done. Oftentimes, the things that are the most difficult are also the most im-portant, and currently, there is no issue more important to the economic well-being of American Samoa than this. 
I respectfully and wholeheartedly ask 
my colleagues in both the House and Senate to support this legislation that is so absolutely critical to the eco-nomic stability of American Samoa. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield the gentlewoman an addi-tional 3 minutes. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Without it, Mr. 
Speaker, I am afraid we will be back here in just a few months trying to fig-ure out a way to subsidize what is al-ready the most economically chal-lenged territory or State in our Nation. 
The tuna canning industry is all we 
have. There is no Coca-Cola or IBM. We have no Silicon Valley there to provide massive revenue and employment op-portunity to the territory. There aren’t numerous military and government fa-cilities that provide sources of eco-nomic growth. We are not surrounded by fellow States that enable us to ex-pand to other markets. All we have is the tuna industry, and we are grateful for them. 
So again, I graciously ask my fellow 
colleagues to support this unfortunate, yet essential, piece of legislation. If you cannot support it, all I ask is that you do not block it, because it would be absolutely devastating to our peo-ple. 
I want to thank Chairman K
LINE, 
Ranking Member S COTT, and the com-
mittee staff for their assistance in get-ting this measure to the floor, as well as the numerous other staff and Mem-bers who put in many hours of hard work to get us here today. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further speakers, and I do urge my col-leagues to please support H.R. 2617. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, as I noted earlier, this 
effort is supported by local leaders in American Samoa. It is supported by employers in American Samoa, and, most importantly, it is supported by the working men and women of Amer-ican Samoa. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.039 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6284 September 28, 2015 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
BISHOP ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2617, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CROSS-BORDER RAIL SECURITY 
ACT OF 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2786) to require the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on cross-border rail security, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2786 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cross-Border 
Rail Security Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CROSS-BORDER RAIL SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection (CBP) shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report on the following: 
(1) The number of shipments entering the 
United States by rail annually that are de-termined to be high-risk by the Commis-sioner. 
(2) Specific details on the status of radi-
ation detection units, by type, at each rail crossing on the northern and southern land borders as of such date of enactment. 
(3) An assessment of whether additional ra-
diation detection equipment is necessary to ensure that all such high-risk cross-border rail shipments are examined with appro-priate equipment. 
(4) A plan for ensuring that all relevant 
CBP personnel receive adequate training and guidance on the proper use of CBP’s Auto-mated Targeting System for such high-risk cross-border rail shipments, the use of appro-priate radiation detection equipment for ex-amination of such high-risk cross-border rail shipments, and requirements for recording examination results. 
(b) GAO A
UDIT.—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall periodically audit U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ations at rail crossings on the northern and southern international borders to ensure rail shipments are targeted, examined, and the results of such examinations properly docu-mented. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2786, the Cross-Border Rail Se-curity Act of 2015. 
First, I would like to thank the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. V
ELA), the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, for introducing this thoughtful bill and working in a collaborative manner as this legislation moved through the committee process. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation requires 
the Commissioner of Customs and Bor-der Protection to submit a report to Congress that outlines how and when high-risk rail shipments entering the United States are scanned for potential risks. 
The impetus for this legislation was 
a recent inspector general report that found CBP was inadequately targeting high-risk rail shipments arriving in the U.S. from Canada and Mexico. This bill will help Congress better understand the frequency and location of such high-risk shipments and detail the cur-rent state of radiation detection equip-ment on our international railways. 
Mr. Speaker, as many of my col-
leagues who also live along the border know, each year approximately 2.7 mil-lion containers enter the United States by rail. While most of the commodities transferred by rail do not pose signifi-cant homeland security threats, we must ensure that we are properly iden-tifying and targeting those shipments which are high risk and conduct phys-ical scanning when necessary. 
To ensure proper oversight, it is very 
important to understand the capabili-ties of CBP, including the number, lo-cation, and type of detection equip-ment used at each cross-border rail crossing. We also need to understand what additional equipment and train-ing is necessary to ensure our rail cargo system is secure. 
As we know, proper training is an im-
portant force multiplier which will help maximize effectiveness of our Cus-toms and Border Protection Officers, reducing wait times and increasing se-curity. 
Finally, H.R. 2786 requires the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office to per-form a series of audits over CBP’s tar-geting of cross-border rail shipments. 
Mr. Speaker, rail cargo is expected to 
increase over the next 10 years. This bill will ensure CBP adequately ad-dresses this vulnerability and imple-ments proper standards of screening and targeting for rail cargo. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2786. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2786, the Cross-Border Rail Se-curity Act. Mr. Speaker, in March of this year, 
the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s inspector general released a re-port on high-risk cross-border rail cargo. The report concluded that U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, did not always use the required radiation detection equipment to ex-amine shipments it determined to be high risk. Additionally, some ports of entry lacked the appropriate equip-ment to conduct these screenings, and training and oversight of targeting and examining such shipments was lacking. 
In response to these troubling find-
ings, my bill would require the CBP Commissioner to submit to the rel-evant congressional committees within 180 days of enactment a report regard-ing high-risk cross-border rail cargo shipments entering the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, my bill would require 
the report to include information on the number of high-risk shipments crossing the border by rail, details on the radiation detection units at rail crossings, an assessment of whether ad-ditional equipment is necessary, and a plan for ensuring that all relevant CBP personnel receive appropriate training to appropriately target, examine, and record the disposition of such ship-ments. The bill requires the Govern-ment Accountability Office to audit pe-riodically CBP operations at rail cross-ings to ensure rail shipments are being appropriately targeted, examined, and documented. 
The community I represent has a 
vested interest in securing cross-border rail cargo. This past August, I was proud to be a part of the opening of the West Rail Bypass International Bridge located in Brownsville, Texas, the first international new rail crossing be-tween the U.S. and Mexico in over a century. 
Both of our land borders are dotted 
with these crossings, and, in fact, the majority of them are located on the northern border. The cargo that crosses by rail is destined for locations all over the United States, making the effective targeting and examining of high-risk shipments a national con-cern. 
Mr. Speaker, my committee col-
leagues unanimously supported this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to help strengthen the cross-border rail security by supporting H.R. 2786. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1715 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 2786. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, I rise in support of H.R. 2786, the ‘‘Cross-Border Rail Security Act of 2015,’’ which directs U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection (CBP) to report to Congress on its in-spection of high-risk shipments entering the United States by rail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.041 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6285 September 28, 2015 
Specifically, H.R. 2786 requires the CBP to 
report on the following matters related to homeland security: 
the number of high-risk rail shipments annu-
ally entering the country; 
the status of radiation detection units at 
each border rail crossing; and 
an assessment of whether additional radi-
ation detection equipment is necessary. 
The bill also requires CBP to develop a plan 
for ensuring that all relevant CBP personnel receive adequate training and guidance on the proper use of CBP’s Automated Targeting System for such shipments, and in the use of appropriate radiation detection equipment for shipment examination, and requirements for recording examination results. 
H.R. 2786 bill also requires the General Ac-
countability Office to periodically audit CBP operations at rail crossings on borders to en-sure rail shipments are targeted, examined, and the examination results are well docu-mented. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is good for our nation 
and for my congressional district, which is centered in Houston, Texas. 
Houston has been the hub of railroad hub of 
Texas since the 1880s and is known as the place ‘‘where 17 railroads meet the sea.’’ 
It is also the ‘‘the energy capital of the 
world.’’ 
Freight from the Houston area goes by rail-
road to destinations all over the United States, including Los Angeles, Long Beach, New York City, Charleston, and Savannah. 
Over 1 billion tons of freight travels through 
Houston area each year; no other state comes close to the level of trade the metropolitan Houston region experiences. 
One billion tons of freight leaves the Hous-
ton area each year, nearly two/ thirds of which (645 million tons) involve goods come from foreign sources. 
The top foreign freight origination point for 
the City of Houston is Mexico. 
Mexico supplies over 50% of all inter-
national freight in the Houston area. 
Europe and Canada are Houston’s second 
largest foreign freight trading partners, ac-counting for over 27% of international freight in the Houston area. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in supporting H.R. 2786 because the safe-ty of rail transit is critical to the security of the homeland and strength of our economy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2786. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BORDER JOBS FOR VETERANS ACT 
OF 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2835) to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are sepa-
rating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection offi-cers, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2835 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Jobs 
for Veterans Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Customs and Border Protection officers 
at United States ports of entry carry out critical law enforcement duties associated with screening foreign visitors, returning United States citizens, and imported cargo entering the United States. 
(2) It is in the national interest for United 
States ports of entry to be adequately staffed with Customs and Border Protection officers in a timely fashion, including meet-ing the congressionally funded staffing tar-get of 23,775 officers for fiscal year 2015. 
(3) An estimated 250,000 to 300,000 members 
of the Armed Forces separate from military service every year. 
(4) Recruiting efforts and expedited hiring 
procedures must be enhanced to ensure that individuals separating from military service are aware of, and partake in, opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection officer positions. 
SEC. 3. EXPEDITED HIRING OF APPROPRIATE 
SEPARATING SERVICE MEMBERS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall 
consider the expedited hiring of qualified candidates who have the ability to perform the essential functions of the position of a Customs and Border Protection officer and who are eligible for a veterans recruitment appointment authorized under section 4214 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. ENHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING PROGRAMS 
TO RECRUIT SERVICE MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM MILITARY SERV-ICE FOR CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION OFFICER VACANCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, and acting through exist-ing programs, authorities, and agreements, where applicable, shall enhance the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to re-cruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection officers. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The enhanced recruiting 
efforts under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) include Customs and Border Protection 
officer opportunities in relevant job assist-ance efforts under the Transition Assistance Program; 
(2) place U.S. Customs and Border Protec-
tion officials or other relevant Department of Homeland Security officials at recruiting events and jobs fairs involving members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service; 
(3) provide opportunities for local U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection field offices to partner with military bases in the region; 
(4) include outreach efforts to educate 
members of the Armed Forces with Military Occupational Specialty Codes and Officer Branches, Air Force Specialty Codes, Naval Enlisted Classifications and Officer Designa-tors, and Coast Guard competencies that are transferable to the requirements, qualifica-tions, and duties assigned to Customs and Border Protection officers of available hiring opportunities to become Customs and Border Protection officers; (5) identify shared activities and opportu-
nities for reciprocity related to steps in hir-ing Customs and Border Protection officers with the goal of minimizing the time re-quired to hire qualified applicants; 
(6) ensure the streamlined interagency 
transfer of relevant background investiga-tions and security clearances; and 
(7) include such other elements as may be 
necessary to ensure that members of the Armed Forces who are separating from mili-tary service are aware of opportunities to fill vacant Customs and Border Protection offi-cer positions. 
SEC. 5. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and by December 31 of each of the next three years thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that includes a description and assessment of the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to hire members of the Armed Forces who are separating from mili-tary service as Customs and Border Protec-tion officers under section 4. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a detailed description of the efforts to 
implement section 4, including— 
(A) elements of the enhanced recruiting ef-
forts and the goals associated with such ele-ments; and 
(B) a description of how the elements and 
goals referred to in subparagraph (A) will as-sist in meeting statutorily mandated staff-ing levels and agency hiring benchmarks; 
(2) a detailed description of the efforts that 
have been undertaken under section 4; 
(3) the estimated number of separating 
service members made aware of Customs and Border Protection officer vacancies; 
(4) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection officer vacancies filled with sepa-rating service members; and 
(5) the number of Customs and Border Pro-
tection officer vacancies filled with sepa-rating service members under Veterans Re-cruitment Appointment authorized under section 4214 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 6. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed— (1) as superseding, altering, or amending 
existing Federal veterans’ hiring preferences or Federal hiring authorities; or 
(2) to authorize the appropriation of addi-
tional amounts to carry out this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support 
H.R. 2835, the Border Jobs for Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.021 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6286 September 28, 2015 
Act of 2015. This bill, which I intro-
duced in June, seeks to increase the hiring of military veterans for Customs and Border Protection officer positions vital to our security here at home. 
The Border Jobs for Veterans Act ad-
dresses two critical priorities: ensuring full staffing at our ports of entry and helping separating servicemembers transition to civilian life. 
My district includes over 80 miles of 
the U.S. border as well as several ports of entry. I visited our ports in Nogales and Douglas numerous times to hear about their operations firsthand and have seen the critical law enforcement duties carried out by CBP officers at these ports, such as screening visitors, returning U.S. citizens, and cargo en-tering the United States. 
In June, the Port Authority chair for 
the Mariposa port of entry in Nogales, just outside my district, reported that, while staffing numbers have grown na-tionally, ‘‘staffing numbers at Nogales and the Tucson Sector have remained essentially stagnant in recent memory while demand continues to grow.’’ 
The port also estimates that CBP’s 
Tucson field office is currently oper-ating at a 20-percent staffing deficit. While new hires have occurred since then, CBP estimates the Tucson field office still needs to fill roughly 200 offi-cer positions. 
In my conversations with CBP offi-
cers, they have repeatedly told me that inadequate staffing levels hamper their ability to do their jobs. They cite prob-lems with recruiting and retention of new officers as well as lengthy and cumbersome hiring process, including delays due to backlogs of the necessary background checks. After a recent re-duction in that process by roughly 50 percent, it still takes 180 days to hire a new officer at ports where there is a strong need now. 
These hurdles to hiring acts as an 
impediment to cross-border trade that powers both Arizona and the Nation’s economy. According to the Arizona- Mexico Commission, more than 41.6 bil-lion dollars’ worth of trade flows through Arizona’s ports of entry, $16 billion of which is attributed to bilat-eral trade with Mexico. 
But inadequate staffing at these 
ports of entry slows the flow of trade coming across the border, costing busi-nesses millions of dollars, and ulti-mately hurts our attractiveness as a transportation and trade hub, some-thing we simply cannot afford. 
Each year approximately 250,000 to 
300,000 members of the Armed Forces separate from military service. I re-cently visited the Veterans One-Stop Center in Pima County in my district, which helps veterans find employment after they leave the military, and I lis-tened to their challenges and their sto-ries firsthand. 
Who better to address this shortfall 
and help to secure our ports than the highly trained patriotic Americans who just recently separated from the Armed Forces? That is why H.R. 2835 requires the 
Secretary of Homeland Security to work with the Department of Defense to enhance our efforts to recruit mem-bers of the military who are separating to serve as Customs and Border Protec-tion officers. 
These efforts must include participa-
tion in relevant job fairs, transition programs, partnerships between CBP field offices and local military bases, and the identification of ways to streamline the transfer of background checks and security clearances. 
This bill offers the men and women of 
our military another opportunity to serve the Nation. All DHS has to do is make sure that they are aware of the opportunities available at our Nation’s 329 ports of entry. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Sen-
ators F
LAKE , M CCAIN, JOHNSON , and 
SCHUMER , and their staffs for working 
on the Senate companion legislation and their help on the text of this bill. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
T
HORNBERRY and his staff for working 
with us to move this bill forward. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 25, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 2835, the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015, which has been referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. In order to expe-dite this legislation for floor consideration, the committee will forgo action on this bill. 
The committee’s waiver is conditional on 
our mutual understanding that you will amend H.R. 2835 to reflect the changes agreed to by our staffs. Forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the provisions contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to appoint mem-bers of the committee to any conference committee convened to consider such provi-sions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 2835 and into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, September 28, 2015. 
Hon. M ACTHORNBERRY , 
Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you 
for your letter regarding H.R. 2835, the ‘‘Bor-der Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015.’’ I appre-ciate your support in bringing this legisla-tion before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the House Armed Services Committee will forego ac-tion on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that the language in the bill reflects the negotiations 
between our staffs and that by foregoing con-sideration of this bill at this time, the House Armed Services Committee does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter con-tained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the House Armed Serv-ices Committee represented on the con-ference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 2835, 
the Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015. 
First of all, I would like to thank my 
colleague, Congresswoman M
CSALLY , 
for introducing this wonderful piece of legislation. It not only helps us expe-dite the flow of traffic in trade at our borders, but it also helps and assists with our veterans we all represent. 
H.R. 2835, the Border Jobs for Vet-
erans Act of 2015, would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to consider expediting the hiring of quali-fied veterans to serve as U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
The bill also authorizes DHS to en-
hance its efforts to recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as CBP officers and requires DHS to report to Congress on its efforts. 
Through their service, our Nation’s 
veterans have demonstrated their un-wavering commitment to our country and its security. CBP would benefit greatly from their service within the agency’s ranks. 
At the same time, expediting the hir-
ing of qualified veterans could help al-leviate the continued shortage of CBP officers at our ports of entry, helping to better secure our borders while fa-cilitating legitimate trade and travel. 
With that in mind, I urge my col-
leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2835, to facilitate the recruitment and hiring of America’s military veterans for new careers serving our country as U.S. Customs and Border Protection of-ficers. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 2835. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee, and Ranking Member of the Sub-committee on Border and Maritime Security, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2835, ‘‘Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015.’’ which would guarantee more jobs for our many deserving veterans. 
This bill requires the Homeland Security De-
partment to prioritize the hiring of U.S. vet-erans as Custom and Border Protection (CBP) officers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.045 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6287 September 28, 2015 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that 
the unemployment rate for our veterans is 7.2%, which is roughly 573,000 unemployed veterans nationally. 
A study commissioned by the Department of 
Commerce’s International Trade Administra-tion found that in 2008, delays at POEs at the U.S.-Mexico border cost the U.S. economy 26,000 jobs, $600 million in lost tax revenue, and $5.8 billion in lost economic output. 
According to CBP, 2,000 additional CBPOs 
will lead to the creation of approximately 66,000 new jobs and increase the Gross Do-mestic Product (GDP) of the U.S. by up to $4 billion. 
The bill will ensure that: CBP officials will be at recruiting events and 
jobs fairs for armed service members; 
Partnerships are fostered between military 
bases in regions where CBP Officers work; 
Opportunities for the expedited hiring of cer-
tain service members with qualifications need-ed by CBP are prioritized; and 
Transfers of relevant background investiga-
tions and security clearances are streamlined to facilitate transitions from military life to em-ployment at the CBP. 
Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 76, the 
‘‘Helping to Encourage Real Opportunity for Veterans Transitioning from Battlespace to Workplace Act of 2015,’’ the HEROS Act, which is very similar to spirit to the bill before the House. 
Studies have shown that more than 80% of 
veterans transitioning from military service to the civilian sector regard employer-provided Veterans support programs as ‘‘critical’’ or ‘‘important’’ to their success. 
The ‘‘HERO Transitioning from Battlespace 
to Workplace Act of 2014’’ addressed these problems by providing strong incentives for employers to hire, retain, and employ veterans in positions that take maximum advantage of their skills and experience. 
Nearly 90% of veterans believe they have 
the general skills needed to land their ideal job such as problem solving, leadership, ethics, and time management and most believe they possess specific marketable skills, such as in-formation technology, health care, mechanical, and aviation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2835, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. M
CSALLY . Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 to extend the live-stock mandatory price reporting re-quirements, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Agriculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—MANDATORY PRICE 
REPORTING 
Sec. 101. Extension of livestock mandatory 
reporting. 
Sec. 102. Swine reporting. Sec. 103. Lamb reporting. Sec. 104. Study on livestock mandatory re-
porting. 
TITLE II—NATIONAL FOREST 
FOUNDATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
Sec. 201. National Forest Foundation Act 
reauthorization. 
TITLE III—UNITED STATES GRAIN 
STANDARDS ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
Sec. 301. Reauthorization of United States 
Grain Standards Act. 
Sec. 302. Report on disruption in Federal 
inspection of grain exports. 
Sec. 303. Report on policy barriers to grain 
producers. 
TITLE I—MANDATORY PRICE REPORTING 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF LIVESTOCK MANDATORY 
REPORTING. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 260 of 
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1636i) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 942 of 
the Livestock Mandatory Reporting Act of 1999 (7 U.S.C. 1635 note; Public Law 106–78) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 102. SWINE REPORTING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 231 of the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635i) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through 
(22) as paragraphs (10) through (23), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9) N
EGOTIATED FORMULA PURCHASE .—The 
term ‘negotiated formula purchase’ means a swine or pork market formula purchase under which— 
‘‘(A) the formula is determined by negotiation 
on a lot-by-lot basis; and 
‘‘(B) the swine are scheduled for delivery to 
the packer not later than 14 days after the date on which the formula is negotiated and swine are committed to the packer.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (12)(A) (as so redesignated), 
by inserting ‘‘negotiated formula purchase,’’ after ‘‘pork market formula purchase,’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (23) (as so redesignated)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as sub-
paragraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) a negotiated formula purchase; and’’. (b) D
AILY REPORTING .—Section 232(c) of the 
Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635j(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking clause (ii) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) P
RICE DISTRIBUTIONS .—The information 
published by the Secretary under clause (i) shall include— 
‘‘(I) a distribution of net prices in the range 
between and including the lowest net price and the highest net price reported; ‘‘(II) a delineation of the number of barrows 
and gilts at each reported price level or, at the option of the Secretary, the number of barrows and gilts within each of a series of reasonable price bands within the range of prices; and 
‘‘(III) the total number and weighted average 
price of barrows and gilts purchased through negotiated purchases and negotiated formula purchases.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(C) L
ATE IN THE DAY REPORT INFORMATION .— 
The Secretary shall include in the morning re-port and the afternoon report for the following day any information required to be reported under subparagraph (A) that is obtained after the time of the reporting day specified in that subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 103. LAMB REPORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 59.300 of title 7, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, so that— 
(1) the definition of the term ‘‘importer’’— (A) includes only those importers that im-
ported an average of 1,000 metric tons of lamb meat products per year during the immediately preceding 4 calendar years; and 
(B) may include any person that does not 
meet the requirement referred to in subpara-graph (A), if the Secretary determines that the person should be considered an importer based on their volume of lamb imports; and 
(2) the definition of the term ‘‘packer’’— (A) applies to any entity with 50 percent or 
more ownership in a facility; 
(B) includes a federally inspected lamb proc-
essing plant which slaughtered or processed the equivalent of an average of 35,000 head of lambs per year during the immediately preceding 5 cal-endar years; and 
(C) may include any other lamb processing 
plant that does not meet the requirement re-ferred to in subparagraph (B), if the Secretary determines that the processing plant should be considered a packer after considering the capac-ity of the processing plant. 
SEC. 104. STUDY ON LIVESTOCK MANDATORY RE-
PORTING. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-
culture, acting through the Agricultural Mar-keting Service in conjunction with the Office of the Chief Economist and in consultation with cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market participants, shall conduct a study on the program of information regarding the marketing of cattle, swine, lambs, and products of such livestock under subtitle B of the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1635 et seq.). 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study shall— 
(A) analyze current marketing practices in the 
cattle, swine, and lamb markets; 
(B) identify legislative or regulatory rec-
ommendations made by cattle, swine, and lamb producers, packers, and other market partici-pants to ensure that information provided under the program— 
(i) can be readily understood by producers, 
packers, and other market participants; 
(ii) reflects current marketing practices; and (iii) is relevant and useful to producers, pack-
ers, and other market participants; 
(C) analyze the price and supply information 
reporting services of the Department of Agri-culture related to cattle, swine, and lamb; and 
(D) address any other issues that the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2018, 
the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report containing the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.024 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6288 September 28, 2015 
TITLE II—NATIONAL FOREST 
FOUNDATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 201. NATIONAL FOREST FOUNDATION ACT 
REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOPROVIDE  
MATCHING FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE AND  
PROJECT EXPENSES .—Section 405(b) of the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 3(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘for a period of five years beginning October 1, 1992’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec-
tion 410(b) of the National Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–8(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘during the five-year period’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘$1,000,000 annually’’ and insert-ing ‘‘there are authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— 
(1) A GENT.—Section 404 of the National Forest 
Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j–2) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting ‘‘notice 
or’’ after ‘‘authorized to accept’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under this 
paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘by subsection (a)(4)’’. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 407(b) of the Na-
tional Forest Foundation Act (16 U.S.C. 583j– 5(b)) is amended by striking the comma after ‘‘The Foundation shall’’. 
TITLE III—UNITED STATES GRAIN 
STANDARDS ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 301. REAUTHORIZATION OF UNITED STATES 
GRAIN STANDARDS ACT. 
(a) O FFICIAL INSPECTION AND WEIGHING RE-
QUIREMENTS .— 
(1) D ISCRETIONARY WAIVER AUTHORITY .—Sec-
tion 5(a)(1) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(1)) is amended in the first proviso by striking ‘‘may waive the fore-going requirement in emergency or other cir-cumstances which would not impair the objec-tives of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘shall waive the foregoing requirement in emergency or other cir-cumstances that would not impair the objectives of this Act whenever the parties to a contract for such shipment mutually agree to the waiver and documentation of such agreement is pro-vided to the Secretary prior to shipment’’. 
(2) W
EIGHING REQUIREMENTS AT EXPORT ELE -
VATORS .—Section 5(a)(2) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77(a)(2)) is amended in the proviso by striking ‘‘intracompany shipments of grain into an ex-port elevator by any mode of transportation, grain transferred into an export elevator by transportation modes other than barge,’’ and in-serting ‘‘shipments of grain into an export ele-vator by any mode of transportation’’. 
(3) D
ISRUPTION IN GRAIN INSPECTION OR  
WEIGHING .—Section 5 of the United States Grain 
Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 77) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) D
ISRUPTION IN GRAIN INSPECTION OR  
WEIGHING .—In the case of a disruption in offi-
cial grain inspections or weighings, including if the Secretary waives the requirement for official inspection due to an emergency under sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) immediately take such actions as are nec-
essary to address the disruption and resume in-spections or weighings; 
‘‘(2) not later than 24 hours after the start of 
the disruption in inspection or weighing, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes— 
‘‘(A) the disruption; and ‘‘(B) any actions necessary to address the 
concerns of the Secretary relating to the disrup-tion so that inspections or weighings may re-sume; and 
‘‘(3) once the initial report in paragraph (2) 
has been made, provide daily updates until offi-cial inspection or weighing services at the site of disruption have resumed.’’. (b) O
FFICIAL INSPECTION AUTHORITY AND  
FUNDING .— 
(1) D ELEGATION OF OFFICIAL INSPECTION AU -
THORITY .—Section 7(e)(2) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(e)(2)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(2) If the Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO STATE  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary’’; 
(B) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘and (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘and 
(i)’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or (B)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 
(ii)(I)’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(II)’’; 
and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(III)’’; 
and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Every 5 years, the Secretary 
shall certify that each State agency with a dele-gation of authority is meeting the criteria de-scribed in subsection (f)(1)(A). 
‘‘(ii) P
ROCESS .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of the Agriculture Reauthor-izations Act of 2015, the Secretary shall estab-lish a process for certification under which the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) publish in the Federal Register notice of 
intent to certify a State agency and provide a 30-day period for public comment; 
‘‘(II) evaluate the public comments received 
and, in accordance with paragraph (3), conduct an investigation to determine whether the State agency is qualified; 
‘‘(III) make findings based on the public com-
ments received and investigation conducted; and 
‘‘(IV) publish in the Federal Register a notice 
announcing whether the certification has been granted and describing the basis on which the Secretary made the decision. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a State agency that has 
been delegated authority under this paragraph intends to temporarily discontinue official in-spection or weighing services for any reason, ex-cept in the case of a major disaster, the State agency shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intention of the State agency to do so at least 72 hours in advance of the discontinuation date. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECRETARIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Sec-
retary shall consider receipt of a notice de-scribed in clause (i) as a factor in administering the delegation of authority under this para-graph.’’. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Section 7(f)(1) of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(xi), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the Secretary— ‘‘(i) periodically conducts a consultation with 
the customers of the applicant, in a manner that provides opportunity for protection of the iden-tity of the customer if desired by the customer, to review the performance of the applicant with regard to the provision of official inspection services and other requirements of this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) works with the applicant to address any 
concerns identified during the consultation process.’’. 
(3) G
EOGRAPHIC BOUNDARIES FOR OFFICIAL  
AGENCIES .— 
(A) O FFICIAL INSPECTION AUTHORITY .—Section 
7(f)(2) of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘the Secretary shall allow a designated official agency to cross boundary lines to carry out inspections in another geographic area if— ‘‘(A) the current designated official agency for 
that geographic area is unable to provide in-spection services in a timely manner; 
‘‘(B) a person requesting inspection services in 
that geographic area requests a probe inspection on a barge-lot basis; or 
‘‘(C) the current official agency for that geo-
graphic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(B) W
EIGHING AUTHORITY .—Section 7A(i)(2) of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a(i)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary shall allow a designated official agen-cy to cross boundary lines to carry out weighing in another geographic area if— 
‘‘(A) the current designated official agency for 
that geographic area is unable to provide weigh-ing services in a timely manner; or 
‘‘(B) the current official agency for that geo-
graphic area agrees in writing with the adjacent official agency to waive the current geographic area restriction at the request of the applicant for service.’’. 
(4) D
URATION OF DESIGNATION AUTHORITY .— 
Section 7(g)(1) of the United States Grain Stand-ards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(g)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘triennially’’ and inserting ‘‘every 5 years’’. 
(5) F
EES.—Section 7(j) of the United States 
Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79(j)(1)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(j)(1) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(j) F
EES.— 
‘‘(1) I NSPECTION FEES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The fees’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF FEES .—The fees’’; 
(ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Such 
fees’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) U SE OF FEES .—Fees described in this 
paragraph’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPORT TONNAGE FEES .—For an official 
inspection at an export facility performed by the Secretary, the portion of the fees based on ex-port tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5-year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES .—In order to main-
tain an operating reserve of not less than 3 and not more than 6 months, the Secretary shall ad-just the fees described in paragraphs (1) and (2) not less frequently than annually.’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(c) W
EIGHING AUTHORITY .—Section 7A of the 
United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), in the last sentence, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (g) of section 7’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsections (e) and (g) of section 7’’; and 
(2) in subsection (l)— (A) by striking ‘‘(l)(1) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(l) F
EES.— 
‘‘(1) W EIGHING FEES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The fees’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF FEES .—The fees’’; 
(ii) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘Such 
fees’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) U SE OF FEES .—Fees described in this 
paragraph’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
XPORT TONNAGE FEES .—For an official 
weighing at an export facility performed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.022 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6289 September 28, 2015 
Secretary, the portion of the fees based on ex-
port tonnage shall be based on the rolling 5-year average of export tonnage volumes.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES .—In order to main-
tain an operating reserve of not less than 3 and not more than 6 months, the Secretary shall ad-just the fees described in paragraphs (1) and (2) not less frequently than annually.’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C)), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(d) L
IMITATION AND ADMINISTRATIVE AND SU-
PERVISORY COSTS.—Section 7D of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 79d) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(e) I
SSUANCE OF AUTHORIZATION .—Section 8(b) 
of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 84(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘tri-ennially’’ and inserting ‘‘every 5 years’’. 
(f) A
PPROPRIATIONS .—Section 19 of the United 
States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87h) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(g) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—Section 21(e) of 
the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 87j(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 302. REPORT ON DISRUPTION IN FEDERAL 
INSPECTION OF GRAIN EXPORTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Represent-atives, the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate, and the Sub-committee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes— 
(1) the specific factors that led to disruption 
in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver in the summer of 2014; 
(2) any factors that contributed to the disrup-
tion referred to in paragraph (1) that were unique to the Port of Vancouver, including a description of the port facility, security needs and available resources for that purpose, and any other significant factors as determined by the Secretary; and 
(3) any changes in policy that the Secretary 
has implemented to ensure that a similar disrup-tion in Federal inspection of grain exports at the Port of Vancouver or any other location does not occur in the future. 
SEC. 303. REPORT ON POLICY BARRIERS TO 
GRAIN PRODUCERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture, in consultation with the United States Trade Representative, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes— 
(1) the policy barriers to United States grain 
producers in countries the grain of which re-ceives official grading in the United States but which do not offer official grading for United States grain or provide only the lowest designa-tion for United States grain, including an anal-ysis of possible inconsistencies with trade obli-gations; and 
(2) any actions the Executive Branch is taking 
to remedy the policy barriers so as to put United States grain producers on equal footing with grain producers in countries imposing the barriers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C ONAWAY ) and the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. P ETERSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2051, the Ag-
riculture Reauthorizations Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, on June 9, the House 
passed three individual bills: the Man-datory Price Reporting Act of 2015; the United States Grain Standards Reau-thorization Act of 2015; and the Na-tional Forest Foundation Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015. For each of these, the Committee on Agriculture held hear-ings and business meetings, and the House acted in a timely manner to en-sure the continuation of these critical programs. 
I am proud of the fact that the House 
worked its will in a bipartisan manner following regular order throughout. Just last week the other body worked its will, combining these three bills into a single bill before us. 
Though modifications were made 
that I do not agree with, it is impera-tive that the House pass this legisla-tion in advance of the authority for price reporting and grain inspection ex-piring on Wednesday evening. Failure to enact this legislation today will have devastating impacts on our Na-tion’s meat industries and grain ex-porters. 
I urge the House to adopt this legis-
lation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
2051, a bill to reauthorize the Mandatory Price Reporting Act, the United States Grain Stand-ards Act, and the National Forest Foundation Act. Legislative language to reauthorize each of these was introduced, reported by the House Agriculture Committee, and passed by the House on voice vote as standalone meas-ures on June 10th of this year. The first two, the Mandatory Price Reporting Act and the Grain Standards Act authorities are set to ex-pire in just a few days. 
As passed by the House, each of these 
measures enjoyed wide bipartisan support from Members as well as support from each of the impacted industries. Unfortunately, after passing through the other chamber, we are left with bill language that is somewhat less than ideal, but at least maintains these critical program authorities for 5 more years. 
In the development of the Mandatory Price 
Reporting Act and with each of its subsequent reauthorizations, we have asked the impacted industries to work together in a cooperative spirit to develop their legislative proposals and submit only those that are unanimously sup-ported. The meat and livestock industries did just that this past spring. Those proposals were reviewed in a hearing in the Sub-
committee on Livestock and Foreign Agri-culture on April 22nd, bill language was intro-duced in the House, a business meeting was held, and the House unanimously passed the bill. Unfortunately, a demand was made in the other body that the bill be modified to remove language of critical importance to our constitu-ents. Thus, we have before us today a bill that is less than what our constituents requested. Yet if we fail to act, a program of critical im-portance to the meat and livestock industries would expire leaving these industries in a quandary. It is a shame that politics must interfere with policy on even the simplest measures, but we must move forward. 
The United States Grain Standards Act re-
authorization faced similar challenges in the other body. As my colleagues will recall, last summer amid an ongoing labor dispute, the Washington State Department of Agriculture (WSDA) discontinued mandatory grain weigh-ing and grading services. 
In statements issued at the time, WSDA ac-
knowledged that they withheld inspection serv-ices because of their belief that the ‘‘continued provision of inspections services appears to have been unhelpful in leading to any foresee-able resolution’’ of the labor dispute. 
Instead of fulfilling their statutory obligation, 
the leadership of the U.S. Department of Agri-culture politicized this situation when the agen-cy declined to fulfill its statutory responsibility to resume inspection and weighing services. Services were eventually restored, but not be-fore significant costs accrued to all parties in-volved. 
We have worked hard to gain access to 
overseas markets. We are shooting ourselves in the foot when we cannot ship our products to these markets because State and Federal agencies are unable or unwilling to comply with their obligations. To not be able to ship our grain because there are no inspectors at a facility does a disservice to our farmers, and it harms our economy. 
To address this situation, the House could 
have been punitive. In fact, there were some in the industry that would have preferred that. But that is not what we were interested in doing. We simply wanted to develop a safe-guard mechanism to avoid this situation being repeated. To do that, we worked with the Washington State delegation, the Washington State Department of Agriculture, labor unions, industry and even the USDA. What we devel-oped was bipartisan consensus on a workable safeguard provision. Nevertheless, the bill as adopted in the other body provides little safe-guard against future abuses of discretion. I cannot emphasize this enough—it is impera-tive that these inspection and weighing serv-ices are provided in a reliable, uninterrupted, consistent and cost-effective manner. To en-sure that we fulfill this obligation, we must learn the lessons of history or it is doomed to repeat itself. 
To this end, the Secretary of Agriculture is 
instructed to take prompt action to provide for restoration of official grain inspection service as soon as he receives notice or otherwise learns about the impending disruption from a delegated State agency. In this regard, as a way of not allowing the Secretary to sit on his hands after learning that a disruption in official service was imminent, the Secretary is re-quired to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.022 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6290 September 28, 2015 
1. Immediately take such actions as are 
necessary to address the disruption and re-sume inspection and weighing services; and 
2. Not later than 24 hours after receiving no-
tice or otherwise learning of the impending disruption of such inspection or weighing, or after the start of such disruption in official service, whichever is earlier, submit to the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition and Forestry of the Senate a report that describes the disruptions and any actions necessary to address the concerns of the Secretary relating to the disruption so that inspections or weighings may resume. 
On a positive note, another critical element 
of the House bill was retained wherein the Secretary will be obligated to waive official weighing and inspection requirements in both cases of emergency as well as other cir-cumstances as long as the waiver does not impair the underlying objectives of the statute and the buyers and sellers agree and provide documentation of the agreement to the Sec-retary. This waiver requirement is intended to provide certainty to trading partners as well as U.S. suppliers. 
Since its charter in 1993, the National For-
est Foundation provides the ability to leverage private and federal dollars to support our Na-tion’s great forests in a variety of ways. In re-cent years, the Foundation has leveraged funds at over a 4 to 1 ratio and plans to con-tinue on this success to raise at least $125 million for forest restoration activities. Simply put, the National Forest Foundation works, and this is a common-sense reauthorization. 
While I recognize that concessions were 
made resulting in less than ideal bill text, at the end of the day, H.R. 2051 provides cer-tainty to American agriculture, and I would urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2051. This bipartisan legislation reauthorizes the Mandatory Price Re-porting Act, the National Forest Foun-dation Act, and the U.S. Grain Stand-ards Act. This bill continues the tradi-tion of bipartisan, bicameral work done by the Agriculture Committees. 
Important livestock price reporting 
programs will be continued under the bill’s mandatory price reporting provi-sions. Producers rely on access to transparent, accurate, and timely mar-ket information, and H.R. 2051 will pro-vide that certainty. 
The National Forest Foundation Act 
is the type of public-private collabora-tion we should all be able to support, giving private groups and stakeholders a chance to help in the stewardship and management of our national forests 
and grasslands. H.R. 2051 will ensure that this partnership can continue. 
Finally, the U.S. Grain Standards 
Reauthorization Act will allow the Federal Grain Inspection Service to continue official weighing and inspec-tion services. Both grain buyers and sellers rely on a gold standard quality assurance, backed by the Federal Gov-ernment, when conducting business. 
Again, this is good, commonsense 
legislation, a bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my 
colleague, my ranking member, C
OLLIN  
PETERSON . Throughout this work, he 
and all the Members on both sides of the aisle of the committee worked well together. It is a tribute to the way bi-partisan work ought to be done in the House, and I am proud of the work the Agriculture Committee has done. 
I urge Members to join me in support 
of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) that the House suspend the rules 
and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2051. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 28 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. B
LACK ) at 6 o’clock and 
30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3495, WOMEN’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY ACT, AND WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–269) on the resolution (H. Res. 444) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are in-volved in abortions, and waiving a re-quirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 2835, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2786, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 
5-minute vote. 
f 
BORDER JOBS FOR VETERANS ACT 
OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2835) to actively recruit mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are sepa-rating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection offi-cers, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by 
the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 519] 
YEAS—410 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\H28SE5.REC H28SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6291 September 28, 2015 
Issa 
Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer 
Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) 
Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams 
Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Blumenauer 
Bridenstine Cleaver Conyers Deutch Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hartzler Hudson 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lee Meng Miller (FL) Olson Payne 
Perlmutter Reichert Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Yarmuth 
b1855 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CROSS-BORDER RAIL SECURITY 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2786) to require the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to submit a report on cross-bor-der rail security, and for other pur-poses, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 412, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 520] 
YEAS—412 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—22 
Blumenauer Cleaver Deutch Frankel (FL) Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hartzler Hudson Keating 
Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lee Meng Miller (FL) Olson Payne Reichert 
Richmond Rohrabacher Rush Sanchez, Loretta Yarmuth 
b1904 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.031 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6292 September 28, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, due 
to unforeseen circumstances, I missed the fol-lowing votes: H.R. 2835—Border Jobs for Vet-erans Act of 2015, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. H.R. 2786—Cross Border Rail Security Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I at-
tended the funeral of Deputy William B. ‘‘Bill’’ Myers, a law enforcement officer in my district who was killed in the line of duty, and I missed the following rollcall votes: Nos. 519 and 520, today, September 28, 2015. If present I would have voted: rollcall vote No. 519—H.R. 2835—Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015, as amended, ‘‘aye’’; and rollcall vote No. 520—H.R. 2786—Cross-Border Rail Security Act of 2015, ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House Chamber for votes on Monday, September 28, 2015. I would like the record to show that, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 519 and 520. 
f 
RICKY’S WHEELS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a nonprofit organization in my district that is providing a valuable service to the region. 
The organization, Ricky’s Wheels, is 
dedicated to providing electric wheel-chairs to those in need. 
Rick Worthy and his wife, Diane, cre-
ated Ricky’s Wheels after the death of their son Ricky in 2009, following a brief battle with melanoma. 
After donating Ricky’s wheelchair to 
a local couple, Rick and Diane noticed a need across their community, espe-cially since Medicare will not pay for a chair once someone is accepted into hospice. 
Since its founding 6 years ago, 
Ricky’s Wheels has grown from a few donated electric wheelchairs in the Worthys’ garage to a warehouse filled with mobility assistance devices, along with push chairs, walkers, and baby strollers. 
Mr. Speaker, Ricky’s Wheels recently 
was named a local Jefferson Award re-cipient, after being nominated by the local television station, WJAC. This award, which was created by the Amer-ican Institute for Public Service, hon-ors ordinary people who do extraor-dinary things without expectation of recognition. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that Rick and 
Diane are more than worthy of recogni-tion for their efforts. 
f 
JEB BUSH SHOULD CONSIDER THE 
POPE’S CALL TO PRESERVE OUR ENVIRONMENT 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, many of 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have continually reminded us that they are not scientists. We have also heard this from several of the Re-publican candidates seeking our Na-tion’s highest office. 
As a scientist myself, I appreciate 
their candor. But what I don’t as much appreciate is when they use this mantra of ‘‘I am not a scientist’’ to preface statements that are factually wrong. Facts are stubborn things, and they don’t only apply to those in the scientific community. 
Last week Pope Francis challenged 
us to take courageous steps to combat climate change, a call to action that made many Republicans uncomfort-able. When asked about the Pope’s statement, Governor Jeb Bush dis-missed it, saying that Pope Francis is ‘‘not a scientist, he’s a religious lead-er.’’ In fact, Pope Francis is a former chemist, and, as such, he has more sci-entific training than many of our elect-ed officials. 
I was hoping that, when the Pope ad-
dressed Congress in his remarks, he would have explained to my Republican colleagues the effect of the infrared ab-sorption spectrum of carbon dioxide on the radiation balance and equilibrium 
temperature of the Earth, but time did not permit. 
I encourage Jeb and my colleagues in 
Congress to consider the Pope’s call to preserve our environment. 
f 
HONORING OUR FALLEN 
FIREFIGHTERS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, our Na-
tion’s firefighters sign up for the job knowing the dangers they will often face in order to keep their commu-nities safe. Tragically, we have seen these first responders give their lives in service to others. 
This past Sunday the 2015 Minnesota 
Fallen Firefighter Memorial Service took place on the State Capitol grounds to honor the 9 Minnesota fire-fighters—and 216 nationwide—that have passed away in the line of duty this year. 
The event honors the sacrifice that 
these firefighters have made and also provides support for their families who are coping with a profound loss. 
As policymakers, it is important that 
we recognize what our first responders go through on a daily basis and support them. Earlier this year Congress passed my legislation, which is now law, that ensures that survivor benefits for fami-lies of those killed in the line of duty are not taxed. 
Mr. Speaker, we are blessed that so 
many men and women sign up to put themselves in harm’s way to keep oth-ers safe. For those that give their life, we must not forget their sacrifice. PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in recognition of September as Prostate Cancer Awareness Month and as a proud cosponsor of the National Prostate Cancer Plan Act, H.R. 2730. 
As the most common cancer in men, 
prostate cancer is a national epidemic. This year alone one in seven men will be diagnosed and 28,000 men will die from prostate cancer. 
Last week, while hosting a commu-
nity conversation in my district in Whitehall, Ohio, I met with two con-stituents, Linda and Ray Hoetger, an inspiring husband and wife team who tirelessly dedicate themselves to rais-ing awareness about prostate cancer. 
Linda and Ray are members of the 
national organization ZERO, the End of Prostate Cancer, and are spear-heading a campaign to raise awareness of prostate cancer throughout Ohio. 
I stand here today to commend their 
work. As Ray and Linda remind us, many of us have either been personally affected by this disease or have lost a loved one. 
So during this Prostate Cancer 
Awareness Month, let us reaffirm our commitment to increase the quality of care in order to eliminate the pain and suffering once and for all. 
f 
HONORING SPEAKER BOEHNER 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise out of respect and admiration for our tremendous Speaker, the incredible leader of our Republican Conference and my friend, J
OHNBOEHNER . 
He has stayed true to his home State 
of Ohio for well over 20 years, serving his constituents with pride and integ-rity. His distinguished career was marked by an honest pursuit of what is best for the American people as well as the inclusion of more folks under the big tent of our GOP. 
He has worked in a bipartisan man-
ner to help create jobs and restore America’s leadership, all the while maintaining a hard line on the Castros’ despotic rule in Cuba, being supportive of our strong relations with Israel, as well as remaining a tough opponent of the weak and dangerous Iran nuclear deal. 
J
OHN’s decorum, grace, and patience 
are his hallmarks, and they will be greatly missed in our Nation’s Capitol. Only in America can the son of a barkeep rise to make a lasting positive contribution to our history as Speaker of the people’s House. 
I wish J
OHN, Debbie, the entire Boeh-
ner family, including his new grand-daughter Alistair, all the best. God-speed, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.034 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6293 September 28, 2015 
b1915 
PUGET SOS ACT 
(Mr. HECK of Washington asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, to explain the significance of the Puget Sound in 1 minute is impossible. But I will tell you this: With every 60 seconds that goes by, the Puget Sound is being damaged more than it is being fixed. With every minute that goes by that we fail to collectively do some-thing, we are all losing money. 
Puget Sound is a resource, but it is 
more than that. It is an American treasure. Puget Sound is a body of water that deserves national recogni-tion. 
Congressman K
ILMER and I have 
brought together numerous stake-holders that agree on very few things to agree on this: We need to do more. The Federal Government needs to step up to the plate to get recovery moving. 
The Puget SOS Act is that plan. We 
do it for the Great Lakes. We do it for the Chesapeake Bay. Now is the time to bring forth this effort for our Puget Sound, the largest estuary in America. Let’s clean the Puget Sound up. 
Join us in cosponsoring this bill, 
along with Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R ICK 
LARSEN , Mr. A DAM SMITH, and Ms. 
DELBENE. Clean up the Puget Sound. 
f 
AMERICAN HERO DR. SIDNEY 
PHILLIPS, JR. 
(Mr. BYRNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remember an American hero, Dr. Sidney Phillips, Jr., who passed away in Mobile over the weekend at the age of 91. 
Dr. Phillips was a veteran of World 
War II, where he served in the Marine Corps. At the young age of 18, Sid Phil-lips took part in the famous battle of Guadalcanal in the Pacific. 
Dr. Phillips was one of the most well- 
known and respected veterans in Ala-bama. His career was profiled in Ken Burns’ PBS documentary ‘‘The War’’ and Steven Spielberg’s HBO series ‘‘The Pacific.’’ 
To many of us from the Mobile area, 
we remember Sid Phillips as a local family doctor, a patriotic family man, and a strong advocate for our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all of my 
constituents in Southwest Alabama, I want to share my condolences with Sid Phillips’ family and friends. He em-bodied the American spirit, and he will be sorely missed. 
f 
PUGET SOS ACT 
(Mr. KILMER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my friend and cofounder of the Puget Sound Recovery Caucus, Rep-resentative H
ECK, for his partnership 
on the Puget SOS Act. 
As you heard from him, the Puget 
Sound is truly a gift that we need to restore and protect. Generations have enjoyed the ability to swim, fish, and dig for clams in this iconic body of water. They have built lives and made livelihoods on the Puget Sound. 
But for the millions of residents that 
call Puget Sound home and for future generations, we absolutely have to take action to fight for the Sound. 
That is why I invite my colleagues to 
sponsor the Puget SOS Act. This bill raises the profile of Puget Sound by naming it a nationally significant body of water. It enhances the Federal Gov-ernment’s coordination in addressing these issues. It respects tribal treaty rights. This bill is an important step. 
I look forward to continued work for 
Puget Sound. Our kids, including my two little girls, are counting on us. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TROOPER J.D. 
BERRONG 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to congratulate Trooper J.D. Berrong, who recently won the Jimmy K. Ammons North American Inspectors Grand Champion Award. 
This is the first time a North Caro-
lina trooper has ever won this competi-tion, which recognizes the Nation’s top roadside inspector. Berrong, who re-sides in the community of Mulberry, competed against 51 other roadside in-spectors representing jurisdictions across the United States, Canada, and Mexico. 
Trooper Berrong is stationed in 
Wilkes County and is a 14-year veteran of the North Carolina State Highway Patrol. He is currently assigned to the motor carrier enforcement section, troop F, district 9. 
Troopers who perform motor carrier 
enforcement duties ensure that all modes of travel, including commercial motor vehicles, are consistently mon-itored in order to improve highway safety. 
Congratulations, Trooper Berrong, 
and thank you for serving the public good and helping maintain the safety of the highways of North Carolina. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO AMELIA BOYNTON 
ROBINSON, CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES, AND JULIAN BOND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
OUZER ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) is recognized for 60 minutes as the 
designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
thank you very much. I am very privi-leged tonight to lead the Special Order of the Members of the Congressional 
Black Caucus. 
Let me thank our chairman, Chair-
man G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , for continuing 
this tradition and for his continued leadership, encouragement, and avoca-tion for Members and for the stories of those who have been such leaders in our Nation and such major issues that we have been able to contribute to for the understanding of our colleagues. 
Let me also make mention of my col-
leagues, Congresswoman K
ELLY and 
Congressman P AYNE , who have led us 
on this Special Order for the Congres-sional Black Caucus. I thank them for their leadership and service. 
A very special thanks to those of you 
who are watching at home and have often watched at home and have fol-lowed the Congressional Black Caucus through social media, social network, and also know that our major issues of criminal justice reform, civil rights, the restoration of the Voting Rights Act, and many others have been to speak to the vulnerable. Tonight we again speak to you, but we speak of those heroes that we have lost over the last couple of months. 
Tonight we pay tribute to Amelia 
Boynton Robinson, Congressman Lou Stokes, and, of course, Julian Bond. Our Nation was built on the values of dealing with the issues of freedom, jus-tice and equality, values and principles that were perfectly embodied by the service and sacrifices of these three leaders. 
Mr. Speaker, over the last week we 
have watched the Pope make his way through a number of American cities and use words that are music to the ears of Members of the Congressional Black Caucus. Let me take just one of many citations that I will utilize to characterize these three individuals: 
‘‘The complexities of history,’’ said 
Pope Francis, ‘‘and the reality of human weakness notwithstanding, these men and women, for all their many differences and limitations, were able, by hard work and self-sacrifice, some at the cost of their lives, to build a better future.’’ 
I would offer to say that Amelia 
Boynton Robinson, Congressman Lou Stokes, and Julian Bond, through the sacrifice of their individual families and their lives, were able to make a better future for us. 
We know the civil rights activist 
Amelia Boynton Robinson, 1965, was a leader of the Bloody Sunday march and personified the optimism, determina-tion, and courage that are at the heart of the American spirit. She truly made our lives better. 
Known as the matriarch of our Na-
tion’s civil rights movement, Ms. Boynton Robinson fought courageously to ensure that every American citizen had the right to vote. Her drive to se-cure universal voting rights was amaz-ing, and certainly she risked her life when she crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. In her words, her son said civil rights was her entire life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:42 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.057 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6294 September 28, 2015 
We now understand that Congress-
man Lou Stokes made an amazing and impactful statement legislatively and throughout his life. He was a consum-mate public servant, a trailblazer who broke down barriers for generations of African Americans. 
He was the first African American 
Congressman from Ohio who served 30 years. Representing a portion of Cleve-land, he prioritized the advancement of our Nation’s most vulnerable popu-lations. 
He advocated for more funding of 
education, housing, development projects, access to health care. He was one of the fiercest advocates for public housing. 
Mr. Stokes was a major proponent 
and leader that asked the Housing and Urban Development to assess the poor, deleterious, horrible conditions that children were living in as housing im-pacted their health. 
In fact, just recently I presented my 
housing authority a lead poisoning grant which was instigated, was en-couraged, was advocated for by Con-gressman Lou Stokes. He has saved thousands upon thousands of lives. 
I thank him for organizing the Con-
gressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust, and I want to thank him personally for allowing me work for him as a staff member of the Select Committee on Assassinations, which he ultimately chaired. We thank him for his amazing service. 
He once said, ‘‘I am going to keep on 
denouncing the inequities of this sys-tem, but I am going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself, to deny my own exist-ence. I have beaten the system. I have proved it can be done. So have a lot of others.’’ This is, of course, the kind of leader that Lou Stokes was. 
Our friend, Julian Bond, was a civil 
rights icon. He was a leader in the fight for equality, freedom, and equal justice and opportunity. He inspired genera-tions of Americans to build a better fu-ture for all people. 
Julian Bond was considered the 
young one in the movement with Dr. Martin Luther King. He stood as not only an original, but a fierce advocate of the Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee and the founding 
president of the Southern Poverty Law Center. 
Elected to office, of course, he him-
self fought against discrimination. He was discriminated himself. When he was refused a seat in the Georgia State Legislature, it did not in any way de-mean or undermine his courage or in-spiration. He went on to be seated and to do great things. 
Tonight we are privileged to be able 
to honor and pay tribute to these three heroes. We are called to follow the ex-ample they set, to fight to ensure that all Americans have access to equal op-portunity so they will have a fair shot at economic prosperity, have the right to vote, be free from mass incarcer-ation, and do the things that America bestows upon them. Again, these individuals, at the cost 
of their lives or their own futures, built a better future for us. 
With that, I am delighted to yield to 
the chair of the Congressional Black 
Caucus, Mr. G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , a 
former high superior court judge—I am calling him all kinds of names—but, in any event, a dynamic leader of the Congressional Black Caucus. Again, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Congresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEEfor her friendship, for her leader-
ship, and I certainly thank her for yielding time tonight. 
Let me also thank the other Mem-
bers who are on the floor this evening to help in honoring the lives of Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. 
These three are icons, absolute icons, 
of the civil rights movement, who in their own way paved the way for so many. I had the high honor of calling Lou Stokes and Julian Bond personal friends. 
As the first African American to rep-
resent Ohio in Congress, Representa-tive Lou Stokes was a pioneer in public service. He broke down numerous bar-riers for African Americans during his extraordinary career as an elected offi-cial on the local, State, and Federal levels. 
First elected to Congress in 1969 and 
serving for 30 long years in the U.S. House, he was a founder of the Congres-sional Black Caucus and the first Afri-can American to serve on the House Appropriations Committee. He was the founder of the CBC Health Braintrust, which remains active today in pro-tecting health, equity, and reducing health disparities. 
Congressman Stokes was the embodi-
ment of a public servant. He selflessly used his elected positions to increase opportunities for millions of African Americans. 
We will miss our dear friend Lou 
Stokes. But the impact of his legacy of service and commitment to his con-stituents and to the African American community will be remembered for generations. 
Often referred to as the matriarch of 
the movement, Amelia Boynton Robin-
son’s role in Bloody Sunday, as you have already heard, and the march from Selma to Montgomery is immor-talized in the Oscar-nominated film ‘‘Selma.’’ 
She also made history in 1964 by be-
coming the first African American woman from Alabama to run for Con-gress. In her congressional election that year, Mrs. Boynton Robinson gar-nered 10 percent of the vote despite the fact that African Americans only made up 1 percent of the voting population in Alabama’s Seventh Congressional Dis-trict. 
Forty-six years later the CBC’s very 
own representative, T
ERRI SEWELL , 
whom we will hear from in just a few moments, now holds that seat here in Congress. This year, as we celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, we remember the selfless ac-tions of individuals like Amelia Boyn-ton Robinson who fought against sys-tems of injustice so that future genera-tions would have opportunities that were not possible to generations past. Tonight we honor Mrs. Boynton Robin-son for her legacy which continues in each of us. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, tonight we 
honor Julian Bond, a forefather of America’s civil rights movement and one of our country’s greatest advocates for freedom and equality and equitable treatment for all people. 
From his work as a student leader 
during the 1960s to his service in the Georgia House of Representatives and the State Senate, Julian Bond was a leader in the fight against racism and segregation. 
b1930 
I first met Julian Bond at the funeral 
of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1968. As the founding president of the South-ern Poverty Law Center and chairman of the board of the NAACP, Julian Bond continued his work educating citizens around the world of the strug-gles of African Americans and the his-tory of civil rights here in America. 
Julian Bond spent his lifetime in 
public service, calling for equal civil and human rights not only for African Americans, but for every American. Until his untimely death, he was an ad-vocate, activist, and dedicated cham-pion who fought for the most vulner-able individuals and communities among us. We celebrate his life and his lasting legacy. 
I want to thank Ms. J
ACKSON LEEfor 
her leadership and thank her for yield-ing. I thank the Members for coming to the floor this evening. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the gentleman for his very thoughtful statement and for leading us off today and setting the tone for the Congressional Black Caucus that we will never forget our icons, but we also know that to pay tribute is the highest honor for all of us because we are here because of all of them. I thank Mr. B
UTTERFIELD for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege now 
to yield to Representative C HARLES  
RANGEL , who does not need a long in-
troduction. It is important to note that he has led on so many issues. He was not only the chairman of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, but also a dear friend of Congressman Lou Stokes and one of the founders of the Congres-sional Black Caucus. If Congressman R
ANGEL had not done what he did, we 
would not be here today. I am de-lighted to yield to him at this time. 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman J
ACKSON LEEfor pull-
ing together this tribute. It is moving and emotional that we do this after the visit to these Chambers by the Pope, who made it abundantly clear how all of us, no matter how ordinary we are, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.058 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6295 September 28, 2015 
can do extraordinary things when we 
make a commitment to do the right thing. 
As some of the older Members know, 
it is almost unbelievable how people that you know on an everyday basis that go through life with their own problems still can find the time to try to improve the quality of life for so many people. 
I feel almost awkward looking at the 
Representative from Selma, Alabama, this evening because, after Bloody Sun-day, there was a call all over the world for people to come to Selma. I was one of those called, and I was one of those that did not think that me going to Selma with my bad feet could make a contribution to anything, and this is especially so after seeing what hap-pened on Bloody Sunday. 
But I did go down because of J
OHN 
LEWIS and Andrew Young and Martin 
Luther King and Ralph Bunche, be-cause they said that if I could just come down for the press conference, it would be appreciated. So I dressed up and I went down for the press con-ference. I had a round trip ticket back to New York. I was dressed pretty well, not ever thinking that I would be going any further than Selma. 
It started to rain, and I felt that this 
would be the appropriate time for me to get a cab and to go to the airport. When I saw these older people like Amelia Robinson putting plastic on their shoes and starting to sing and starting to march, I said, well, maybe I could go a couple of blocks. I did that, except I found out in Selma there weren’t any couple of blocks. 
There were no television cameras. 
There was no one that recognized me down there. I marched 54 miles, cussing every step of the way, trying to figure out what the devil I was doing in Selma. 
Congresswoman S
EWELL , it just 
proves that if you attempt just to do the right thing, God can push you to do the rest. 
I never did believe, like J
OHNLEWIS, 
that that Supreme Court would give us the voting rights and the civil rights. I never thought that President Johnson would ever support these things. Today I tell this very embarrassing story be-cause you don’t have to be a hero to be counted on if you just try to start to do the right thing, and just maybe God will push you to go further. 
Certainly when a woman like Amelia 
Boynton Robinson is beaten uncon-scious and someone like J
OHN LEWIS, 
who constantly put his life on the line, and of course the late Dr. Martin Lu-
ther King, who gave up his life, and God doesn’t ask us to do these extraor-dinary things, but I do believe that the courage that these people have, that each of us have just a grain of it that would allow us to contribute, as the Pope said, to show our respect for God, allowing us to inherit this great Earth to try to make the quality of life bet-ter. 
Of course, when it comes to a young 
guy going to Morehouse, as Julian Bond did, dropping out of school, com-
ing from a professional family where education had a higher standard than some of us from the inner cities, it must have broken their heart to know that he was joining a group that would then provide the leadership for our country for people Black and White. 
There is nothing that my heart would 
allow me to say about Lou Stokes. I came to Congress not knowing that in the Congress was a giant of a man from Cleveland, Lou Stokes, who motivated the 13 of us, who led us to form the Congressional Black Caucus. I have walked in the shadows of his giant footsteps since I have been privileged to serve in this House. 
Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand members of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, it is real-ly extraordinary how God has given us the opportunity to say thank you for the blessings that we have, and I do hope that maybe on both sides of the aisle people can talk about those who allowed this country to be so great, the sacrifices that so many people have made, and you just don’t have to be a giant to appreciate the fact that God has blessed us all. 
I thank her for her effort at bringing 
us together, not just tonight, but on every committee, on every bill, and this floor. S
HEILA JACKSON LEEis here 
to continue to inspire all of us. I thank her for that. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we 
are so grateful for the special wisdom and insight that Mr. R
ANGEL brings to 
all of what we do. I know that the late Lou Stokes, the late Amelia Boynton Robinson, and the late Julian Bond are grateful that they knew him and that he is here to tell his story. Even if he considers it embarrassing, I think it is a wonderful testimony for anybody who has said, ‘‘I can’t do it.’’ We want him to keep telling us that wonderful statement over and over again. I thank him so very much for what he provides to the Congressional Black Caucus. I thank him for the kind words he men-tioned of Representative T
ERRI SE-
WELL . 
I just say to Ms. S EWELL , I don’t 
know what kind of phone message that she had to the Vatican, but I repeat now the words of Pope Francis, as I yield to her. This is Pope Francis, as he spoke just a few days ago at that very podium: 
Here, too, I think of the march which Mar-
tin Luther King led from Selma to Mont-gomery 50 years ago as part of the campaign to fulfill his dream of full civil rights and po-litical rights for African Americans. 
Representative S EWELL , let me thank 
you for bringing and infusing life into the wonderful city of Selma, all the wonderful people there, including your dearly beloved mother and father, and having us walk with you every step of the way. 
As I yield to her, let me say that we 
should make a commitment right here today, as we make changes in leader-ship, that we commit ourselves to the restoration of section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, which she is leading on. It 
is my delight to yield to her at this time. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank our leader of the CBC, Con-gressman B
UTTERFIELD , so much for his 
exemplary leadership and the courage that he exemplifies every day in fight-ing for the causes that we all hold so dear. 
I want to thank Congresswoman 
J
ACKSON LEEfor those wonderful 
words. S HEILA JACKSON LEEhas not 
only been an amazing Member of Con-gress, but she has been a great mentor to me. I want to thank her for all she does for so many of us and the men-toring she continues to provide the younger generation. 
What can I say to C
HARLIE RANGEL ? 
To even have him know my name is an honor. I know that, but for the remark-able lives of the three people that we celebrate their lives and their legacies today, I would not be in this auspicious Chamber, and but for his leadership and his courage, I would not know how to behave in this Chamber. I thank him for doing such a great job and con-tinuing to serve the great people of Harlem and New York, but also the great people of America—black, white, green, yellow, all of us. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with 
my CBC colleagues in paying tribute to the life and legacy of three great giants in American history: Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robin-son, and Julian Bond. Our Nation col-lectively mourns the loss of each of these trailblazing figures who departed from us way too soon this summer. Their journeys paved the way for my-self and so many others serving in this august body. While our hearts are heavy today, we honor them for their historic and notable contributions to this Nation. 
Congressman Louis Stokes was the 
first African American to represent the State of Ohio in Congress, where he served for more than 30 years. He rose to prominence by breaking numerous barriers as the first in so many areas. This included being named the first Af-rican American to serve as chairman of the prestigious House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence. As an African American who now sits on that committee, I am deeply honored to fol-low in Louis Stokes’ footsteps. 
During his tenure on the Permanent 
Select Committee on Intelligence, he stepped into the national spotlight as a vocal critic of the Reagan administra-tion’s foreign policy. He spoke boldly on issues of national security and cre-ated a legacy of being a fierce advocate for the homeland. In honoring his memory, we must also commit our-selves collectively to continue the fight to promote diversity within the intelligence community. We must also be committed to supporting policies that promote our national security in the face of growing threats. It was Con-gressman Lou Stokes who taught us that our Nation deserves nothing less. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.060 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6296 September 28, 2015 
Today we also honor an American 
treasure and one of my personal he-roes, the courageous Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson. Mrs. Robinson passed away on August 26, 2015, at the age of 110—yes, 110, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson was a key figure in the voting rights movement in Selma, Alabama. She is often re-membered for her critical role in Bloody Sunday. 
On that solemn day on the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge, Robinson was savagely beaten. A photo taken of her shortly after she was attacked and posted in The New York Times became a power-ful symbol of the injustices suffered by those who were attempting simply to vote. Yet this tireless, fearless foot sol-dier continued her work as a leader on the front lines of securing the right to vote for all Americans. 
Amelia is best known as the matri-
arch of the voting rights movement, and it was her courage, along with J
OHNLEWIS and so many other known 
and unknown foot soldiers which led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Amelia was such an integral part of the process that the contents of the bill, the voting rights bill, were drafted on her kitchen table in Selma, Ala-bama, in 1965. 
Ms. Boynton not only trailblazed as a 
voting rights advocate, she put her money where her mouth was and she, herself, ran for Congress. On May 5, 1964, Amelia Boynton broke yet an-other barrier, when she became the first woman in the State of Alabama and the first African American woman in the State of Alabama to run for Con-gress. In 1964, she garnered 10.7 percent of the vote during a time when very few Blacks were registered to vote. Ac-tually, only 1 percent of the registered voters were African Americans at that time. 
Her historic run further solidified her 
impact on the movement for human rights and voting rights in Alabama and in this Nation. Without her coura-geous campaign for the Seventh Con-gressional District of Alabama in 1964, I know that my election to this seat in 2010, some 50 years later, would not have been possible. 
b1945 
Her sacrifices paved the way for me 
to walk the Halls of Congress, and I will carry my love and admiration for her in my heart each and every day, for I get to do what she could not, and that is vote on behalf of the members of the Seventh Congressional District of Ala-bama. For that, I am eternally grate-ful. 
In fact, one of my most memorable 
moments in this Chamber is the night that she served as my special guest at the State of the Union on January 20, 2015, this past year. I am grateful for the memories of her greeting President Obama that night. I am so blessed to not only have called her my con-stituent, but a beloved mentor and friend. As she is remembered, and she reminds us every day by her life, there 
is still much work to be done. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would also 
like to remember the shining legacy of yet another giant figure in the fight for civil and human rights: Mr. Julian Bond. This courageous voice held sev-eral titles over the course of his impactful life, but he is most remem-bered for his service as the NAACP chairman and the cofounder of the Southern Poverty Law Center. He was also one of the original leaders of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee, SNCC, while he was a student at Morehouse College. He later served in the Georgia General Assembly for more than 20 years. 
He was first elected to the Georgia 
House of Representatives in 1965. How-ever, because of his longstanding leg-acy of fighting White supremacy, White statehouse members tried unsuc-cessfully to block him from taking his seat. This brave spirit was undeterred. He spearheaded efforts to draft land-mark legislation that spoke to the need of Blacks in the State of Georgia. 
In addition to his time as an eloquent 
speaker, he was a celebrated writer, poet, television commentator, commu-nity advocate, as well as a communica-tion specialist. He did so much for the Southern Poverty Law Center to set it on its course and so much for the lives of so many. 
All three of these wonderful giants 
tell a story, a story of how ordinary people can do extraordinary things. Working collectively, we as a nation can achieve amazing heights, even if we don’t think so. As Congressman R
ANGEL ’s story best exemplified, if we 
just take one step, hopefully the Lord will give us the strength to take many, many more towards that fight for jus-tice and equality. 
In closing, I am reminded of what 
Amelia Boynton would often say when I and others would come up to her and say: ‘‘We stand on your shoulders. We stand on your shoulders.’’ Well, Ms. Amelia Boynton was so infamously known for saying, after hearing it over and over again: ‘‘Get off my shoulders. There is plenty of work to be done.’’ ‘‘Do your own work,’’ is what she said. 
And so I say to my colleagues gath-
ered here tonight, my colleagues in this wonderful body called the House of Representatives: We have plenty of work to do. We have plenty of work to do. And while we walk in the footsteps of giants such as Amelia Boynton and Louis Stokes and Julian Bond, let us never forget that they, too, had to take a first step. And as we follow in their footsteps, let us all take many steps towards providing justice and liberty for all Americans, especially those that are most vulnerable. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I think we can 
leave this evening with the words that Congresswoman S
EWELL has just said, 
and we thank her so very much, ‘‘do our own work.’’ That message should carry for whether we are Republicans or Democrats or Independents. Congresswoman S
EWELL , we look for-
ward to doing our own work on the res-toration of the Voting Rights Act, sec-tion 5, which you are leading and all of us have signed onto. We thank you so much for that eloquent statement and that statement of passion. 
Speaking of passion, it is my privi-
lege to introduce a Member who has her own storied civil rights history, someone who has served as the Com-missioner on the EEOC, the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission, and someone who has been in the trenches in civil rights, dealing with voting rights cases, dealing with the right to vote in her own District of Co-lumbia. I think she will be the Flor-ence Nightingale, she will be the cham-pion battler; because I believe that this Delegate, Congresswoman E
LEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON , will be successful as 
we fight for the voting rights of the District through her leadership. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from the 
District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good 
friend, Representative S HEILA JACKSON  
LEE, first, for her kind and generous 
words, but especially today for her leadership of this Special Order, which is characteristic of her leadership in this Congress. I am so pleased that our chair Rep. G.K. B
UTTERFIELD has been 
here and spoken and that we have heard from several other Members. 
I just want to say a few words about 
this troika of African Americans who have written their signatures across our time. You have heard their biog-raphies. I don’t want to recount their extraordinary bios, because that is not the only reason we are honoring them with this Special Order. I just want to say something about what they meant to me. 
Two of them I knew personally: Rep-
resentative Louis Stokes, whose many years in the Congress happened to overlap with my first years here; and, of course, Julian Bond, whom I knew best. 
I was not fortunate to know Amelia 
Boynton. She may have been the most courageous woman in the movement of the 1960s, who insisted upon facing death, if necessary, in that march from Selma to Montgomery, and nearly lost her life. I was privileged to be in her presence, as so many Members of Con-gress were, when we went to Selma this past summer. That was a privilege in and of itself. 
I was fortunate to know Congress-
man Louis Stokes, who was a founder of the Congressional Black Caucus long before I served. This was a man of great accomplishment. Yes, he can speak about his firsts, and much more. 
He is the first African American to 
serve in Congress from his hometown of Cleveland, as one of the two famous Stokes brothers—his brother, Carl, the first African American mayor. There is something about the way those men were raised and showed themselves in public life. But it is Rep. Stokes’ career in Congress that stands out for me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.061 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6297 September 28, 2015 
I am not certain there has ever been 
a more distinguished Member of this body. It looks as if when they were try-ing to ask somebody to do something hard, they looked to Louis Stokes. 
He was the first African American to 
serve on the Appropriations Com-mittee. My heavens. And then look at the committees he has chaired—hard ones—the Ethics Committee, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. Then they needed someone to do something else that was difficult, and that was to serve on the Iran Contra Committee, and House Select Committee on Assassinations, nothing was more difficult than that. 
If you were looking for a Member 
whom the public would trust and who this body would trust, who do you go to? They went to Louis Stokes. So if you are trying to find out how to serve, recall the life of Representative Louis Stokes. 
In the District, we recall his life and 
his work. Much of his work was done in the field of health. The Howard Univer-sity Louis Stokes Health Science Li-brary is named for him here in the Dis-trict of Columbia at Howard Univer-sity. So we will never forget him. 
Of the three, the one I knew best, of 
course, was my colleague and friend in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, later a client of sorts, and then finally—for 25 years, a con-stituent. 
I met Julian several years after he 
founded, along with a handful of other students, the Student Nonviolent Co-ordinating Committee. You have got to understand that that group was as dif-ferent from any student group since. They were not an offshoot of the civil rights movement. They were a group that stood on its own. 
I would go down in the summers. I 
was in law school. SNCC was the equiv-alent of major civil rights organiza-tions, every single one, right alongside them. That is why J
OHNLEWIS got to 
speak on the March on Washington. 
The reason that SNCC stood out is 
the quality of its leadership in those early years. Julian became the spokes-man. The reason he was the spokesman was his way with words. He was a poet and a writer, and he could explain what we were doing. 
He served a most valuable role in 
these early years. So no one should be surprised that he went after the zenith of the civil rights movement to serve in the Georgia House of Representa-tives. What you may be surprised to learn is that when he moved on to the senate, the Georgia Senate, they re-fused to seat him because he had en-dorsed a SNCC statement opposing the Vietnam war. Imagine denying a seat to a member duly elected because of a statement he had made on an issue of great moment. 
This case was taken all the way to 
the Supreme Court. At that point, I was a constitutional lawyer working for the American Civil Liberties Union in New York. I got to write the amicus brief. We took very few amicus briefs 
to the Supreme Court, but this one seemed to have the makings of a land-mark case. Indeed, it did become a landmark case. You do not see anybody denying anyone else the right to sit in his seat—or her seat, today—because of that person’s views. The Julian Bond case settled the matter. 
What was Julian Bond to do with the 
rest of his life? First of all, SNCC broke a fair number of people. And though they gave much to the movement, you may not have heard about many of them since. What Julian did was to give the rest of his life to the move-ment. For every single day of his life as a man, after he left public service in the Georgia Legislature, he was de-voted to the civil rights movement he had entered as a very young man. 
He moved to the District of Columbia 
with his wife, taught at American Uni-versity and the University of Virginia, and became—and this is a matter that makes me chuckle—became the chair-man of the NAACP. 
At SNCC we thought the NAACP was 
way too conservative for us, the young and foolish. It tells you how Julian grew. He grew to be the long-time and devoted chairman of the NAACP. 
He carried out his devotion to civil 
rights magnificently. Throughout his entire life, he remained a major spokesman for the civil rights move-ment and for progressive causes, his entire life speaking all around the country, carrying the message. 
When he moved here, I had a Black 
Caucus event with Julian and with J
OHN LEWIS simply discussing their 
lives as young men in the civil rights movement. That was to be one of the most memorable moments since I have been in Congress. 
Just last February, during Black His-
tory Month, I asked Julian to come to Howard University, where he and I en-gaged in an intergenerational con-versation with Howard students about the police shootings in Ferguson, Mis-souri, and New York City and what they meant to this generation and how this generation had to have its own issues and move in its own direction. 
One of the things we indicated was 
that for all of the work of the youth of 
the civil rights movement of our day, we never touched racial profiling. It re-mained alive and kicking for a new generation, which has taken it on. 
I am, finally, particularly grateful 
that when Julian moved to the District of Columbia, he really became a part of this city, lending his civil rights celeb-rity to the great cause of this city for full citizenship, for D.C. voting rights, yes, and for statehood for the District of Columbia. 
If you came into the District by taxis 
a few years ago, there was an adver-tisement. Julian was speaking in a cab, informing you that you were coming to the District of Columbia, where the residents were trying to get their full citizenship. 
Wherever he was, he had a way of 
touching upon the issue of freedom of the day and of the people around him. 
I will always miss him. This country will always miss him. We are grateful for the life he led. We are grateful, es-pecially, for this Congressional Black Caucus evening devoted to his life and to the lives of two others, very diver-gent lives but, in other ways, very similar. 
I thank my good friend, Representa-
tive J
ACKSON LEE, again, for her leader-
ship here. 
b2000 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
my good friend, Congresswoman E LEA-
NOR HOLMES NORTON , for giving these 
three legends the vitality and vibrance of a personal story. 
And to just add to his coming to stu-
dents at Howard University, I want you to know that, at the University of Vir-ginia, where he was, he was the most popular professor with people standing in line because the students sensed his passion and commitment, but they sensed his realness. 
Thank you so very much for that 
very vibrant and informative presen-tation. 
Mr. Speaker, as I introduce this next 
gentleman, who has his own history, let me quote, again, as I indicated, Pope Francis from last week, which captures all of what we are saying to-night: to respond in a way which is al-ways humane, just and fraternal. We need to avoid a common temptation nowadays to disregard whatever proves troublesome. Let us remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. 
The gentleman that I am going to 
yield to, Mr. B
OBBY SCOTT, is a former 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Criminal Justice, now the ranking member on the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and has led his professional, at least his Congres-sional life, as I have known it, to be a champion for criminal justice reform, but, more importantly, has been one who has said to us over and over again that: We must do unto others as we would like them to do unto us. We must change this criminal justice sys-
tem to have it be a fair monitoring of how we inspire and restore people’s lives. 
I yield now to the gentleman from 
Virginia, Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to speak in honor of the lives of three civil rights luminaries. I thank the gentlewoman from Houston for giv-ing us this opportunity to honor their lives: Congressman Louis Stokes, statesman and educator Julian Bond, both of whom I knew personally, and activist Amelia Robinson. 
These champions of social and eco-
nomic justice lived their lives just as Pope Francis challenged Members of Congress to do. 
Specifically, the Pope reminded us of 
the Golden Rule—do unto others as you would have them do unto you—and that that rule points us in the right di-rection. He specifically reminded Con-gress that, if we want opportunities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.063 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6298 September 28, 2015 
then let us provide opportunities. The 
lives we honor today are the personi-fication of the Pope’s call. 
Congressman Stokes, the beloved son 
of the State of Ohio, was affectionately called ‘‘Lou’’ when I served with him in the House. His motto was to aim high, which he did even before he was a Member of Congress when he argued the Supreme Court case challenging the abusive stop-and-frisk policies and practices in the Terry v. Ohio case. 
Lou’s integrity was why he was se-
lected to serve on the House Select Committee on Assassinations of Presi-dent Kennedy and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the House investigation of the illegal arm sales during the Iran- contra affair and, of course, his service on the Ethics Committee. 
His strive for social and economic 
justice was on full display when he be-came the first African American to serve on the House Appropriations Committee. There he directed Federal dollars to eradicate injustice and in-equities by funding programs such as healthcare facilities for veterans, sup-porting the National Science Founda-tion, and creating the first office of mi-nority health at the National Insti-tutes of Health. 
Statesman and educator Julian Bond 
dedicated his entire life to this cause of social justice and equity. As a founding member of the Student Nonviolent Co-ordinating Committee, or SNCC, he led protests against segregation. 
In 1965, Julian Bond was elected to 
the Georgia House of Representatives, but was denied a seat at the State House because of his opposition to the Vietnam war. In 1966, the Supreme Court ruled 9–0 that the Georgia House’s refusal to seat Julian Bond violated the United States Constitu-tion. 
He was subsequently elected for sev-
eral terms, including service in the Georgia Senate, despite efforts to re-draw his district. 
He was also the first African Amer-
ican nominated at a major-party con-vention as a candidate for Vice Presi-dent of the United States. 
Beginning in the 1980s, Julian Bond 
taught at several universities, includ-ing Harvard, Drexel, University of Vir-ginia, and American University. 
For more than 20 years at UVA and 
American University, he taught thou-sands of students about the role of the civil rights movement as a seminal part of America’s history. 
He stated that the ‘‘humanity of all 
Americans is diminished when any group is denied rights granted to oth-ers.’’ 
He served as chairman of the NAACP 
from 1998 to 2009. At the 2009 com-mencement at Virginia State Univer-sity, he told the graduates that, ‘‘We all hope that you do well, but I also hope that you do good.’’ 
Activist Amelia Robinson was among 
the many foot soldiers who fought for civil rights. As a girl, she championed the right to vote for women. As an adult, she opened her home to Martin 
Luther King and James Bevel and members of SNCC and others to help organize and strategize for civil rights and the right to vote. 
Despite the brutal beating she en-
dured during the march for voting rights in Selma, Alabama, 50 years ago, she was unwavering in her fight to end segregation and achieve full voting rights for all. 
Reflecting on her life as an activist, 
she stated that, ‘‘I have been called rabble-rouser, agitator. But because of my fighting, I was able to hand to the entire country the right for people to vote.’’ 
These three American giants—the 
legislator, the educator, the activist— were all driven to push towards a more just and equal society. I am honored to recognize their lives and the gifts they gave to our Nation. 
Again, I want to thank the gentle-
woman from Houston for organizing this Special Order so that we could pay appropriate tribute to these fine Amer-icans. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia for citing, in par-ticular, the case law that Julian Bond particularly generated from the hor-rific denial of his right to be seated. 
Let me also indicate the importance 
of members of the Congressional Black Caucus sharing the history of these icons, which I hope my colleagues will appreciate these giants, for many times the history is not remembered or it is not understood. 
Certainly, it is my privilege to now 
yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio, who has firsthand knowledge because she can say that she comes from the State of which Lou Stokes and Carl Stokes were native sons. 
She is, of course, an inspirational 
leader for her district in Columbus, but, more importantly, someone who brings a wealth of experience from her previous service in the Ohio State Leg-islature and someone who has a passion for the improvement of lives of all peo-ple. I believe, as Lou Stokes has said, she understands the value and impor-tance of improving the health of Afri-can Americans and all Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to 
yield to the gentlewoman from Colum-bus, Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you so much, 
Congresswoman S HEILA JACKSON LEE. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight the Congres-
sional Black Caucus honors the life and legacy of three civil rights leaders, Congressman Lou Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond, who dedicated their lives to making our Nation a better place. 
Countless more follow in their foot-
steps and continue to push for civil rights and voting rights today. 
We have come to these chambers to-
night, Mr. Speaker, to continue their work as members of the Congressional Black Caucus. We call on Congress to immediately pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015. The Amer-ican people deserve to have real voting 
rights. 
Thank you, Congresswoman S
HEILA  
JACKSON LEE, not only for your leader-
ship tonight, but for being a leader, for walking in their shoes, and for hosting the Congressional Black Caucus Spe-cial Order honoring three giants. 
This year is the 50th anniversary of 
the Voting Rights Act. Leaders es-poused words in 1965 that still hold true today, words because of the work of these three giants, works like: 
We have proved that great progress is pos-
sible. We know how much still remains to be done. And if our efforts continue, if our will is strong, if our hearts are right, and if cour-age remains our constant companion, then my fellow Americans, I am confident we shall overcome. Our objective must be to as-sure that all Americans play by the same rules, and all Americans play against the same odds. Who amongst us would claim that that is true today? 
Just last week His Holiness, Pope 
Francis, delivered a historic, profound, provocative address to the Joint Ses-sion of Congress. This address re-minded us that the nation is ‘‘consid-ered great’’ when ‘‘it fosters a culture which enables people to dream of full rights for all their brothers and sis-ters.’’ 
At the White House, he quoted from 
Martin Luther King, to use a telling phrase of the Reverend Martin Luther King: ‘‘We can say that we have de-faulted on a promissory note, and now is the time to honor it.’’ 
These three individuals we honor to-
night tirelessly contributed to this cul-ture of full rights and equality we are committed to achieving. 
Tonight’s roll call: Congressman Lou 
Stokes. 
I am honored to be the third African 
American from Ohio to follow in his footsteps, following my mentor and dear friend, Stephanie Tubbs Jones, my colleague, mentor and friend, Congress-woman M
ARCIA FUDGE , who said at his 
footsteps: I don’t salute or get excited about a one hit wonder because Lou Stokes was far from that. 
Lou Stokes loved people. He loved 
the law. He loved the legislative proc-ess. He loved his family. And he loved Cleveland, Ohio. 
You have heard so much about him, I 
won’t repeat it. I will submit it for the R
ECORD , Congresswoman S HEILA JACK-
SONLEE, if that is okay. 
But I will forever be grateful for his 
encouragement, his friendship, his wis-dom, and his leadership. I can’t think of a time or a decision in my life that I didn’t pick up the phone and call Lou Stokes. 
Love you, Lou Stokes. Let me just briefly say we also salute 
Amelia Boynton Robinson, and much has been said about her. I stand on her shoulders. 
And then Julian Bond, another great 
civil rights icon, whose passion and dedication to equality and justice pro-pelled him to the Georgia Legislature, the NAACP, and the Southern Poverty Law Center, which he co-founded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.064 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6299 September 28, 2015 
His commitment to ending discrimi-
nation and injustice continues to in-spire us, and his legacy will guide us and the next generation of civil rights leaders and activists to greatness. 
He, like the other individuals we pay 
tribute to tonight, helped change this country for the better. 
Thank you, Congresswoman S
HEILA  
JACKSON LEE. Thank you to all my col-
leagues with the Congressional Black Caucus for capturing and reflecting on the lives of three great civil warriors as we took a walk in their footsteps of greatness. 
Tonight the Congressional Black Caucus 
honors the life and legacy of three Civil Rights leaders—Congressman Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson and Julian Bond who dedi-cated their lives to making our nation a better place. 
Countless more follow in their footsteps and 
continue to push for civil rights and voting rights today. 
We have come to these chambers to con-
tinue their work as Members of the Congres-sional Black Caucus; we call on Congress to immediately pass the Voting Rights Advance-ment Act of 2015. 
The American people deserve to have real 
voting rights now. 
Thank you Congresswoman S
HEILA JACK-
SON LEEfor hosting the CBC’s Special Order 
Hour paying tribute to Congressman Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robinson, and Julian Bond. 
This year is the 50th Anniversary of Voting 
Rights Act. Leaders . . . espoused words in 1965 that still hold true today. Words like: 
We have proved that great progress is pos-
sible. We know how much still remains to be done. And if our efforts continue, and if our will is strong, and if our hearts are right, and if courage remains our constant companion, then my fellow Americans, I am confident, we shall overcome. Our objective must be to assure that all Americans play by the same rules, and all Americans play against the same odds. Who among us would claim that that is true today? 
Just last week, His Holiness Pope Francis 
delivered a historic, profound, and provocative address to a Joint Session of Congress. 
This address reminded us that a nation is 
‘‘considered great’’ when ‘‘it fosters a culture which enables people to dream of full rights for all their brothers and sisters.’’ 
At the White House, he quoted words from 
MLK . . . to use a telling phrase of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. . . . we can say that we have defaulted on a promissory note and now is the time to honor it. 
The three individuals we honor tonight tire-
lessly contributed to this culture of full rights and equality we are committed to achieving. 
CONGRESSMAN STOKES  
I am honored to be the third African-Amer-
ican from Ohio to follow Congressman Louis Stokes who served for 30 years in Congress. I am forever grateful for his encouragement, friendship, wisdom, and leadership. 
He earned a seat on the powerful House 
Appropriations Committee, the first person of color to ever do so, and focused on improving housing and urban development for veterans, seniors, and the poor. 
In 1971, along with our esteemed Dean of 
the House, Congressman J
OHN CONYERS , 
Congressman Stokes helped found the Con-gressional Black Caucus to promote eco-
nomic, educational, and social issues impor-tant to African Americans: this is a purpose the CBC continues to fulfill to this day, and a purpose I am honored to advance. 
His indelible mark in history will continue to 
live on. 
AMELIA BOYNTON ROBINSON  
It is also an honor to pay tribute to Amelia 
Boynton Robinson—the matriarch of the voting rights movement. 
As an African-American female serving in 
the U.S. Congress, I stand on the shoulders of Mrs. Boynton Robinson. 
Mrs. Boynton Robinson helped organize the 
Selma-to-Montgomery marches, and walked at the front of the line that fateful day on March 7, 1965, which we now know as ‘‘Bloody Sun-day’’. 
On August 6, 1965, she was the guest of 
honor at the White House when President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act of 1965 into law. 
I had the privilege to join Mrs. Boynton Rob-
inson this past March, as thousands of Ameri-cans marched once again over the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge, remembering the struggles and recommitting ourselves to restoring voting rights protections, equality, and justice. 
JULIAN BOND  
Julian Bond was a civil rights icon whose 
passion and dedication to equality and justice propelled him to the Georgia legislature, the NAACP, and the Southern Poverty Law Cen-ter, which he co-founded. 
His commitment to ending discrimination 
and injustice continues to inspire us and his legacy will guide the next generation of civil rights leaders and activists to greatness. 
He, like the other individuals we pay tribute 
to tonight, helped changed this country for the better. 
Thank you CBC for capturing and reflecting 
on the lives of three great civil rights warriors as we took a walk in their footsteps of great-ness. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Congresswoman 
B
EATTY , thank you for letting us know 
whose footsteps we walk in and for that celebratory statement. 
Mr. Speaker, it is certainly my pleas-
ure to yield to the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ), 
who has come with the expertise of a renowned and trained lawyer, one who is a collaborator. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Thank you so much 
to my colleague, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE. 
I want to thank you and the Congres-sional Black Caucus for this Special Order Hour, a special tribute to the lives and legacy of Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robin-son, and Julian Bond. 
Thank you, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, for 
your work here in Congress, your tire-less efforts to raise awareness to issues which many Americans may have for-gotten or not given thought to. 
Thank you for your mentorship to us 
younger members here and your tire-less efforts to support not only the peo-ple of Houston, but the people of Amer-ica. 
Thank you for allowing us this most 
important opportunity to pay tribute to these remarkable individuals. 
Mr. Speaker, today we gather in rev-
erence and in solemn reflection to honor the lives and legacies of some ex-
ceptional people, some exceptional Americans, who we have lost in these recent months. 
These were civil rights activists, 
statesmen and women, trailblazers, members of a great generation of indi-viduals who gave so much of them-selves to the Civil Rights Movement and to the advancement of minorities in our country. 
They are former Congressman Louis 
Stokes, former chairman of the NAACP and Georgia State Senator Julian Bond, and civil rights icon Mrs. Amelia Boynton Robinson. 
A centenarian—Mrs. Robinson’s 110 
years of life, that in itself is a great honor—she was dedicated to education, fighting state-sanctioned discrimina-tory practices against African Ameri-cans, and voter disenfranchisement. 
b2015 
One can make the argument that her 
role in Selma’s civil rights demonstra-tions, including the infamous march on Bloody Sunday where she was beaten unconscious by State police, paved the way, through the subsequent passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, for both Congressman Stokes and State Rep-resentative Bond to serve in elected of-fice. 
As the first African American elected 
to Congress from the State of Ohio, Congressman Stokes was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus and spent his 30-year career in Congress advocating issues of impor-tance to Ohioans and to African Ameri-cans across the country. 
Julian Bond, that great statesman 
from Georgia, was one of 11 African Americans elected to the Georgia House of Representatives after the pas-sage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Bond served 20 years in both legislative chambers in the State of Georgia and served as the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center. He also served as chairman of the NAACP. 
These individuals have impacted the 
lives of so many African Americans and have undoubtedly advanced the rights and interests of minorities in both our States’ and our Nation’s gov-ernments. 
Similarly, I would like to just take a 
moment to recognize two individuals from my own home district of the Vir-gin Islands who, like Congressman Stokes, Julian Bond, and Amelia Rob-inson, have changed the landscape of the Virgin Islands through their advo-cacy and education. 
I would like to recognize a former 
judge and Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands, the late Julio A. Brady, who, like Julian Bond and Congress-man Stokes, used his training as an at-torney to contribute to his community outside of the courtroom. As a U.S. at-torney, judge, and attorney general, Judge Brady fought to remove barriers of injustice. He was laid to rest this week. Like Congressman Stokes and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.065 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6300 September 28, 2015 
Amelia Robinson, Judge Brady’s legacy 
of service will carry on. 
Ursula Krigger was also a cente-
narian, like Amelia Robinson, and, at age 113 was the oldest living Virgin Is-lander until her passing this month. She was a griot, an educator whose lon-gevity afforded a unique perspective of witnessing the modern advancement of our territory. 
The lives and legacies of these indi-
viduals are etched in the annals of our history and their impact forever in-grained in the minds and hearts of the many lives they touched. I am a better person; and, indeed, we are a better na-tion through the work of these individ-uals. 
I have listened to my colleagues to-
night speak about Representative Louis Stokes, Amelia Boynton Robin-son, and Julian Bond and the personal impact these individuals had on the work of my colleagues with whom they served and have known personally. 
Understand, that while many like 
myself may not have had the great honor and pleasure of toiling and work-ing with them shoulder to shoulder in the struggle for civil rights and the ad-vancement of minorities in our coun-try, Americans like myself understand and appreciate their sacrifice, and we understand the work that must still be done. We will continue their legacy here today and in Congress in the fu-ture. 
Thank you so much, Congressional 
Black Caucus, for this time. And thank you again to my colleague from Texas, S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, for the time that 
I have been afforded to speak on behalf of these great Americans. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Congresswoman 
P
LASKETT , thank you so very much for 
laying the groundwork for those who now step into those footsteps, and you have done so with such leadership and certainly such passion. Thank you so very much. 
Mr. Speaker, what is my time re-
maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
USSELL ). The gentlewoman from 
Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me conclude 
by thanking the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus and my col-leagues. It is so important for the Con-gressional Black Caucus to be able to talk to America—Representative B
UTTERFIELD , Representative R ANGEL , 
Representative S EWELL , Delegate 
HOLMES NORTON , Representative B OBBY  
SCOTT, Representative J OYCE BEATTY , 
and, of course, Congresswoman P
LASKETT —to be able to give life to 
why we are here representing all of America. We have those special people that, without our voices, would not be able to be heard. 
I simply want to add these words of 
the Pope, again, to be able to remind everyone why these icons that we are speaking of tonight in the Congres-sional Black Caucus—46 of us, along with Senator B
OOKER —have a vital role 
in this place. As the Pope indicated, I would encourage you to keep in mind 
all those people around us who are trapped in the cycle of poverty. They, too, need to be given hope. The fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly on many fronts, es-pecially in its causes. 
I know that Americans today, as in 
the past, are working to deal with this problem. That is the essence of Julian Bond, who never stopped giving; that is the essence of Amelia Boynton Robin-son, who continued to fight for civil rights up until her death at the age of 104 on August 6, 2015; that is the es-sence of Congressman Lou Stokes, a legislative giant, the chairman of an appropriations subcommittee, a person who went to public housing and places where children were and told America that your children are dying because they are living in substandard housing, lead poisoning was killing them, which gave me the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, as I said before, to give a grant to my public housing just this past week on helping with lead poisoning. 
I worked for Lou Stokes, and I am 
very glad to note that, working for him, I can say, truly a gentleman, truly a leader. 
To this Congress, I beg of you, let us 
look at these icons and celebrate not only their lives, but commit to the pas-sion and justice of their lives, and, as well, the words of Pope Francis that tell us to do unto others as we would like them to do unto us. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to 
again thank the members of the Con-gressional Black Caucus. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I 
rise to speak in praise of Louis Stokes, one of the greatest and most respected Members ever to serve in this body, who died on Tues-day, August 18, 2015, at his home near Cleveland, Ohio at the age of 90. 
It is not unusual in these days for com-
mentators and politicians to talk of something called ‘‘American Exceptionalism.’’ 
But what is meant by the term? 
Mr. Speaker, one way to understand the 
term: America is exceptional because it pro-duces and finds persons like Louis Stokes and affords them the opportunity to utilize their tal-ents to the fullest in the service of their com-munity and their country. 
Think about it: in what other nation does a 
little African American boy born in 1925 on the east side of Cleveland and raised in the Outhwaite Homes housing project by a mother who worked as a domestic go on to become a lawyer who argues and wins a landmark criminal justice reform case (Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968)) in the United States Su-preme Court; become the first African Amer-ican elected to Congress; is selected to chair the powerful Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, the Select Committee on As-sassinations, and an Appropriations Sub-committee responsible for more than $90 bil-lion annually in federal outlays? 
Yes, America is an exceptional nation and 
Louis Stokes was an exceptional human being. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes was born on 
February 23, 1925, in Cleveland, Ohio, to Charles and Louise Cinthy (nee Stone) 
Stokes. 
When he was three years old, his father, 
who worked in a laundromat, died leaving young Louis and his younger brother, Carl, to be raised by their mother, who worked as a domestic for affluent families in the wealthy Cleveland suburbs. 
Louis Stokes’ maternal grandmother played 
a critical role in his life because she took care of the Stokes boys while their mother was at work and instilled in them ‘‘the idea that work with your hands is the hard way of doing things’’ and encouraged them over and over ‘‘to learn to use their heads.’’ 
Louis Stokes took the advice to heart so 
after attending Cleveland’s Central High School and serving in the U.S. Army during World War II, he returned home to attend what is now Case Western Reserve University on the G.I. Bill at night while working during the day for the Veterans Administration and the Department of the Treasury. 
After graduating from college in two years 
where he excelled as a student, Louis Stokes was accepted for admission to Cleveland Mar-shall School of Law, from which he graduated in 1953; three years later, his brother Carl would also graduate from Cleveland Marshall School of Law and the two of them would go on to form the law firm of Stokes & Stokes specializing in the areas of civil rights and criminal law. 
In 1964, the Supreme Court decided the 
landmark case of Reynolds v. Sims, 377 U.S. 533 (1964), which established the principle of ‘‘one person, one vote’’ governing the reappor-tionment of legislative boundaries. 
The following year, working on behalf of the 
local branch of the NAACP, Louis Stokes led the legal challenge to the Ohio legislature’s congressional redistricting, which had the ef-fect of diluting African American voting strength in Cleveland. 
The challenge was unsuccessful in the fed-
eral district court but undeterred, Louis Stokes, joined by Charles Lucas, an African American Republican, successfully appealed the deci-sion to the U.S. Supreme Court, which in an order handed down in 1967 ruled the redis-tricting plan unconstitutional and ordered it redrawn, resulting in the creation of Ohio’s first majority-black district, the 21st Congressional District of Ohio. 
Ironically, Louis Stokes would defeat his 
one-time ally Charles Lucas to win that seat in November 1968, capturing 75% of the vote, the closest of his 15 successful elections to the U.S. House of Representatives. 
For the next 30 years, from 1969 to 1999, 
Congressman Stokes tirelessly fought for his constituents in Cleveland and for the best in-terests of the people of Ohio and the United States. 
Louis Stokes, a founding member and Chair 
of the Congressional Black Caucus from 1972–74, was the epitome of a public servant. 
In his second term in Congress, he won ap-
pointment to the powerful House Appropria-tions Committee, where he served for 28 years, later becoming the second African American ‘‘Cardinal’’ in history when he was selected to chair the VA, HUD, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. 
Because of the esteem in which he was 
held by his colleagues and the leadership, Louis Stokes would also later be selected to Chair the House Permanent Select Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.067 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6301 September 28, 2015 
on Intelligence and the Select Committee 
charged with investigating the assassinations of President Kennedy and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. 
As Chairman of the House Ethics Com-
mittee and a person of unquestioned integrity, Louis Stokes oversaw the committee’s inves-tigation of the corruption scandal known as ABSCAM in 1979–80, which eventually led to convictions of a senator and six House mem-bers. 
Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes perhaps is best 
known for the national attention he attracted in 1987 as a member of the House Select Com-mittee to Investigate Covert Arms Trans-actions with Iran/(‘‘Iran-Contra’’), the scandal involving the illegal sale of military weapons to the Ayatollah Khomeini’s Iran to generate money to fund the illegal contra war in Nica-ragua. 
In response to the claim by Colonel Oliver 
North that he acted out of patriotism in engi-neering the illegal weapons sales and divert-ing the proceeds to fund the contras, a stern Louis Stokes lectured the misguided Colonel North on the rule of law, the true meaning of patriotism, and, in the process American exceptionalism: 
‘‘I suppose that what has been most dis-
turbing to me about your testimony is the ugly part. In fact, it has been more than ugly. It has been chilling, and, in fact, frightening. I’m not just talking about your part in this, but the en-tire scenario, about government officials who plotted and conspired, who set up a straw man, a fall guy. Officials who lied, misrepre-sented and deceived. Officials who planned to superimpose upon our government a layer outside of our government, shrouded in se-crecy and only accountable to the conspira-tors. 
‘‘Colonel, as I sit here this morning looking 
at you in your uniform, I cannot help but re-member that I wore the uniform of this country in World War II in a segregated Army. I wore it as proudly as you do, even though our gov-ernment required black and white soldiers in the same Army to live, sleep, eat and travel separate and apart, while fighting and dying for our country. But because of the rule of law, today’s servicemen in America suffer no such indignity. 
‘‘My mother, a widow, raised two boys. She 
had an eighth-grade education. She was a do-mestic worker who scrubbed floors. One son became the first black mayor of a major Amer-ican city. The other sits today as chairman of a House intelligence committee. Only in Amer-ica, Col. North. Only in America. And while I admire your love for America, I hope that you will never forget that others too love America just as much as you do and that others will die for America, just as quick as you will.’’ 
Louis Stokes never wavered in his belief 
that America could fulfill the promise of its Founders or his dedication to the principles of the Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitution, stating: 
‘‘I’m going to keep on denouncing the in-
equities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself—to deny my own existence. I’ve beaten the system. I’ve proved it can be done—so have a lot of others. 
‘‘But the problem is that a black man has to 
be extra special to win in this system. Why should you have to be a super black to get someplace? That’s what’s wrong in the soci-ety. The ordinary black man doesn’t have the same chance as the ordinary white man does.’’ Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes’ commitment to 
fairness and equal treatment started long be-fore he was elected to Congress. 
As a lawyer for the NAACP, he brought anti- 
discrimination lawsuits, represented dem-onstrators arrested in antidiscrimination marches and sit-ins, and took the cases of poor persons charged with crimes. 
One of those criminal cases he took is 
known to every lawyer in America and appre-ciated by every person who cherishes the pro-tections guaranteed by the 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
I am speaking of the famous case of Terry 
v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1 (1968) won by Louis Stokes in which the Supreme Court held that a police officer could ‘‘stop and frisk’’ an indi-vidual only where he could articulate a reason-able basis that the person was, or was about to be, engaged in criminal activity. 
As a result of Terry v. Ohio, a police officer 
has the right to stop, frisk, and question an in-dividual he reasonably suspects to be en-gaged in criminal activity, but cannot seize items from that person if the pat down of the suspect’s outer clothing does not reveal any weapons posing a threat to the officer’s safety. 
Because of Louis Stokes’ exceptional advo-
cacy in Terry v. Ohio, the right of every indi-vidual to secure from unreasonable searches and seizures was preserved while at the same not impeding the ability of law enforcement of-ficers to perform their duties safely. 
Mr. Speaker, every citizen benefits from this 
ruling and communities that have a history of being harassed by law enforcement protected by the Constitution from arbitrary and abusive treatment by law enforcement. 
But the fight for a criminal justice system 
that respects the rights of all persons is not over. 
That is why I am proud to be the Ranking 
Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations and a leader in the effort to re-form the criminal justice system so that all per-sons receive fair and equal treatment regard-less of their race, gender, religion, or national origin. 
Louis Stokes fought tirelessly to fulfill the 
promise of the 14th Amendment that ‘‘no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state de-prive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-tion of the laws.’’ 
It is a fight I am proud to continue today. Mr. Speaker, Louis Stokes will be mourned 
by friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle who had the privilege to serve alongside him. 
He was a mentor to me and I will always re-
member his commanding presence and cher-ish the assistance he provided me and the ex-ample he set for new Members to follow. 
My thoughts and prayers are with his Jay, 
Louis’ beloved wife of 55 years; to his chil-dren, Shelly, Louis, Angela, and Lorene; his grandchildren; and the untold thousands of persons who touched and whose lives were touched by one of Cleveland’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Louis Stokes, an exceptional American, and the gentleman from Ohio who served in this chamber for three decades with honor, integrity, and dis-tinction. 
[From cleveland.com] 
LOUSTOKES PUTHEALTH IMPACTS OF SUB-
STANDARD HOUSING ON THE NATIONAL AGEN-
DA, AND IN CLEVELAND : TERRY ALLAN , DORR 
DEARBORN AND DAVEJACOBS (OPINION ) 
In this file photo from 2012, Timothy 
Benner, then 8, looks outside from his Mau-rice Avenuue home in Cleveland. After Tim-othy and some of his siblings tested positive for lead poisoning, traced to the soil around their home, their mother restricted their outdoor play time. U.S. Rep. Lou Stokes, who died earlier this month, championed na-tional attention and funding to address the problem of lead poisoning in inner-city chil-dren. 
Recent stories and opinion pieces have eu-
logized the many accomplishments of the late U.S. Rep. Louis Stokes, from civil-rights champion to accomplished litigator, states-man and lawmaker. We believe that Louis Stokes should also be recognized as a na-tional leader who clearly understood the connection between substandard housing and health, and acted to address the problem, at a time when very few did. 
Back in the 1980s, the scope and magnitude 
of the childhood lead-poisoning problem and its impact on our nation’s children was not fully recognized or well understood. 
Subsequent efforts to increase blood 
screening in early childhood revealed that Greater Cleveland had among the highest rates of lead poisoning in the country, add-ing to the compounding disadvantages of children living in poverty in our community and across the United States. 
Some of us have vivid memories from 1991, 
when Congressman Stokes held up a News-week magazine cover story on threats posed to children by lead paint, passionately advo-cating for the voiceless in our society while educating the community about this silent epidemic. He wanted all of us to understand the debilitating consequences of childhood lead exposure in the home environment and its impact on the life trajectory of these vul-nerable kids. 
Congressman Stokes turned that message 
into action, by using his formidiable legisla-tive acumen to establish the first Healthy Homes program in the country within the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment. 
When he recognized in 1998 that young in-
fants in his district were suffering from sometimes fatal lung bleeding associated with water-damaged, moldy homes, he asked HUD to address the impact of inner-city homes on children’s health. He understood that houses are systems, and that independ-ently addressing lead paint problems, mois-ture intrusion and mold, injury risks and other housing hazards was inefficient and costly. He also had the vision to recognize that treating children at the hospital, only to release them back into the same sub-standard home that made them sick, created a vicious circle with major public health consequences. He knew these homes needed to be fixed. 
The HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control 
had shown interest in applying the experi-ence of lead-poisoning prevention to include other health hazards in the home, such as plumbing problems and leaky basements, but lacked the authority. 
Through his vision, the Congressman in-
vited us and others to testify at the House Subcommittee on HUD appropriations to see what could be done. Lou Stokes convinced his fellow committee members to provide the very first appropriation of $10 million to HUD for ‘Healthy Homes’ prevention pro-grams in low-income housing. His legacy has resulted in millions of homes that are safer and healthier as a direct result of that in-vestment in our children. Since that time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.043 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6302 September 28, 2015 
the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control and 
Healthy Homes has provided more than $175 million in competitively awarded grants to communities across the nation to inves-tigate and address health hazards in homes. 
The asthma home-visit program in Cleve-
land that decreases the hospitalization rate of children with asthma, highlighted in The Plain Dealer in June, is a direct outgrowth of Congressman Stokes’ work. 
In 2012, HUD created the Louis Stokes 
Healthy Homes Award and presented the first one to him at the City Club of Cleve-land. When he received the award, he pointed out that much has been achieved and that much more remains to be done. He also said that he really didn’t know what all the fuss was about, as he was just a kid who grew up in public housing, who wanted to do the right thing for our children. 
He was an inspiration to us all. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I 
rise to speak in praise of Julian Bond, one of the leading lights of the Civil Rights Move-ment, who died on Saturday, August 15, 2015, at the age of 75. 
While Julian lost his battle to the illness that 
claimed his life, it is the struggle for civil rights and human dignity he helped to win that he will forever remembered and revered. 
Horace Julian Bond was born January 14, 
1940 in Nashville, Tennessee to Julia Agnes and Horace Mann Bond. 
Julian’s father was the first African-American 
President of Lincoln University of Pennsyl-vania, the same institution attended by Thurgood Marshall and Langston Hughes who would both go on to make substantial con-tributions to the Civil Rights Movement and the advancement of African-Americans. 
Julian’s father later became president of At-
lanta University and Julian decided to attend Morehouse College, one of the leading black colleges in the nation. 
Julian Bond, who came from a long line of 
educators, determined at an early age to put his journalistic and organizing talents in serv-ice of the cause of civil rights and racial equal-ity. 
While a student at Morehouse College, Ju-
lian helped found The Pegasus, a literary magazine, and led nonviolent student protests against segregation in Atlanta parks, res-taurants, and movie theaters. 
Mr. Speaker, today it is difficult to imagine 
there once was a time in our country when blacks and whites could not eat together in public restaurants, use the same public rest-rooms, stay at the same hotels, or attend the same schools. 
Julian Bond answered the call to action and 
put his studies on hold to devote all of his en-ergies and efforts to ending segregation and racial discrimination. 
Mr. Speaker, it is not unusual these days for 
us to think of a champion as someone who re-ceives the highest accolades in sports. 
Julian Bond was a champion of the people. His success is measured not in the numbers 
of trophies, medals, ribbons, and champion-ship banners, but in the number of doors and opportunities he helped to open for those who had been neglected, marginalized, and disenfranchised. 
Julian Bond knew that to bring about non- 
violent social change it was necessary to or-ganize so he co-founded the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). 
SNCC, which organized and mobilized the 
participation of students and young people in the Civil Rights Movement, conceived the 
Freedom Rides that challenged the practice of racial segregation in interstate transportation and the Mississippi Freedom Summer project that undertook the dangerous work of helping African Americans register to vote in the state most committed to maintaining White suprem-acy by any means necessary. 
SNCC was not the first leadership role his-
tory and circumstance would call upon Julian Bond to assume; nor would it be the last. 
In 1965, after passage of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, Julian Bond was elected to represent the resi-dents of the 32nd district in Georgia House of Representatives. 
But on January 10, 1966, his white col-
leagues in the Georgia House voted 184–12 not to seat him because he had publicly ex-pressed his opposition to the Vietnam War. 
Julian Bond challenged the refusal of the 
Georgia House to seat him and took his case all the way to the United States Supreme Court, which ruled in the unanimous decision of Bond v. Floyd, 385 U.S. 116 (1966), that expressing opposition to the Vietnam War was speech protected by the First Amendment and directed that he be seated as a duly elected member of the state legislature. 
Julian Bond would go on to serve three 
more terms in the George House, where he co-founded the Georgia Legislative Black Cau-cus, and six terms in the Georgia State Sen-ate. 
In 1971, Julian Bond co-founded and served 
as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center that tracks the actions of hate groups to better inform and prepare communities about the dangers these groups pose. 
Julian Bond consistently identified issues of 
civil inequality and provided solutions by gath-ering groups of community leaders, profes-sionals, and educators to protect what the laws and policies would not, our basic civil rights. 
In 1998, Julian Bond’s commitment to jus-
tice and equality led him to answer the call to serve and accept the position of Chairman of the NAACP, a post he held until 2010. 
Julian Bond was able to bring the earnest 
fight to achieve equality into the modern era as he watched African-Americans achieve the highest awards in their professions and contin-ued to break down barriers. 
In November 2008, Julian Bond witnessed 
the election of the first African American Presi-dent of the United States, a feat thought im-possible just a decade earlier. 
Mr. Speaker, because of trailblazers like Ju-
lian Bond millions of Americans gained access to opportunities previously denied to members of their communities. 
Julian Bond spent 5 years with SNCC, 8 
years as president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, 12 years as the president of NAACP, 20 years as a state representative, and 75 years an unwavering champion of civil rights for all people, including the LGBT com-munity. 
My thoughts and prayers are with Julian’s 
beloved wife Pamela, his children and grand-children; and the untold millions of persons whose lives were touched by one of America’s greatest sons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a 
moment of silence in memory of Julian Bond, a tireless and eloquent voice for justice, equal-ity, and human dignity who did so much to close the gap between the promise of Amer-
ica’s founding ideals and the reality of peo-ple’s lives. 
CIVILRIGHTS GIANT JULIAN BONDNEVER  
STOPPED GIVING  
(Posted By Edna Kane-Williams on August 
31, 2015) 
President Obama described him as a 
‘‘hero’’ who ‘‘helped changed this country for the better.’’ The Rev. Jesse Jackson called him a ‘‘leader with strength, character.’’ NAACP Chairman Roslyn Brock said he ‘‘in-spired a generation of civil rights leaders.’’ Teresa Sullivan, president of the University of Virginia, where he taught history for many years, called him a beloved retired professor who ‘‘shaped the course of history through his life and work.’’ 
How ever you choose to describe Julian 
Bond, one thing is for sure: He taught us all how to stand for what we believe. And he be-
lieved in freedom, justice and equality. 
For me, one of the most remarkable at-
tributes of this civil rights giant is the fact that he never stopped giving. Even at the time of his brief illness and death on Aug. 15 at the age of 75, he was still serving faith-fully as chairman emeritus on the NAACP board. Even after he retired from the profes-sorship at the University of Virginia, he con-tinued to mentor and remained a role model for students and others. 
A writer, poet, television commentator, 
lecturer and college teacher—and as a former politician—Julian Bond was one of those rare people whose work became legendary while he was still doing it. In fact, the Li-brary of Congress once called him a ‘‘living legend.’’ 
And because of the magnitude of his work, 
he leaves many treasures that will simply keep on giving. UVA, where his papers are housed, has announced its goal to establish a Julian Bond Professorship in Civil Rights and Social Justice, which ‘‘will continue Bond’s scholarly legacy.’’ There will cer-tainly be many more designations in honor of his life’s work. 
And surely some will rise, seeking to fol-
low in his footsteps. Mr. Bond believed in young people’s ability to take the civil rights and social justice baton and run with it. Earlier this year, he told a group of How-ard University students, ‘‘I think you know what the problems are. You know what the solutions are, and I’m sure we will be glad to help. But don’t depend on us to tell you what to do. Just go out and do it.’’ 
Well, he left an amazing road map. From 
his pioneering civil rights work as a co-founder of the Student Nonviolent Coordi-nating Committee to all of his work and con-tributions thereafter, Julian Bond was a model for anyone who aims to make an im-pact and leave the world a better place. 
In that regard, he was a role model for us 
all. What a life. What a legacy. 
Amelia Boynton was born on August 18, 
1911, in Savannah, Georgia. Her early activ-ism included holding black voter registration drives in Selma, Boynton spent her first two years of college at Georgia State College (now Savannah State University), then trans-ferred to the Tuskegee Institute (now Tuskegee University) in Alabama. She grad-uated from Tuskegee with a home economics degree before further pursuing her education at Tennessee State University, Virginia State University and Temple University. 
In the 1930’s, Boynton Robinson began her 
activist career by registering African Ameri-cans to vote. In 1964, she ran for Congress to represent Alabama. She was the first woman to have run for this Democratic seat, and al-though she did not win, she received 10% of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.045 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6303 September 28, 2015 
votes. As the civil rights movement picked up, 
Boynton asked Martin Luther King Jr., who had witnessed her arrest in January 1965 for seeking to register Black voters, to visit Selma and empower the community. King accepted, and joined Boynton Robinson and the South-ern Christian Leadership Conference in plan-
ning the march from Selma to Montgomery on March 17th, 1965. 
As approximately 600 marchers walked 
across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they were confronted by 200 state troopers and Alabama policemen, who shot teargas and beat the non-violent protesters. This horrific event came to be known as Bloody Sunday. 
At least 17 protesters were sent to the hos-
pital, including Boynton Robinson. A picture of her unconscious body lying on the ground after an officer shot tear gas into her throat spread through every news media outlet across the globe, and quickly became a sym-bol for race relations in the United States at the time. 
The Selma to Montgomery march was a piv-
otal demonstration in the civil rights move-ment, leading to future victories such as the Voting Rights Acts of 1965 signed by Presi-dent Lyndon B. Johnson. 
Amelia Boynton Robinson was an incredible 
activist, leader, and woman, and is remem-bered for her courage and strength throughout the civil rights movement. She worked for equality for all until her last day on this earth. 
[From the Two-Way, Aug. 26, 2015] 
(By Bill Chappell) 
AMELIA BOYNTON ROBINSON , SURVIVOR OF  
‘BLOODY SUNDAY ,’ DIES AT 104 
Amelia Boynton Robinson, who went from 
being beaten on a bridge in Selma, Ala., in 1965 to being pushed across the bridge in a wheelchair alongside the president of the United States, has died at age 104. 
Her daughter, Germaine Bowser, confirmed 
to Troy Public Radio’s Kyle Gassiott that Boynton Robinson died early Wednesday morning. She had been hospitalized after suf-fering several strokes this summer. 
Born in Savannah, Ga., Boynton Robinson 
was a pioneer in the voting rights movement who took part in the event that came to be known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday,’’ when she and other activists were attacked by state troop-ers as they tried to march across the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge. 
Along with Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., Boyn-
ton Robinson held hands with President Obama as the men walked across the bridge this past March, marking the 50th anniver-sary of the march in Selma. 
The Montgomery Advertiser reports: ‘‘Boynton Robinson asked Martin Luther 
King Jr. to come to Selma to mobilize the local community in the civil rights move-ment. She worked with the Southern Chris-tian Leadership Conference and helped plan the Selma to Montgomery march. Her role in the event was recaptured in the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ where she was portrayed by actress Lorraine Toussaint. She was invited as a guest of honor to attend the signing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 by President Lyn-don B. Johnson.’’ 
Boynton Robinson also ‘‘made history in 
1964 as the first African-American to run for Congress in Alabama,’’ Alabama Public Radio reported earlier this year, when the civil rights legend attended Obama’s 2015 State of the Union address in Washington, DC. She was the guest of Rep. Terri Sewell, Alabama’s first elected African-American congresswoman. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that all Members may have 5 leg-islative days in which to revise and ex-
tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the subject of my Special Order. What a grand oppor-tunity to cite these great Americans: Amelia Boynton Robinson, Congress-man Lou Stokes, and Julian Bond. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, Amel-
ia Boyton Robinson was an American hero who devoted her entire life to the fight for equal rights for all. She was a child suffrag-ette, who alongside her mother, advocated for the women’s vote and then as a young woman fought for the right of blacks to have their say at the ballot box. After bold run to represent Alabama in Congress, Mrs. Robin-son helped organize the Bloody Sunday March from Selma to Montgomery. She was hospitalized after being knocked unconscious by a white officer on that perilous day, which left her undaunted and even more determined to fight for the African-American vote. It was my honor to nominate her for a Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Phoenix Award ear-lier this year, but sadly, she died before I could present it to her. Thankfully, however, Mrs. Robinson was able to share enough sto-ries about her courageous experiences to fill a history book and resonate for generations to come. 
f 
CHRISTIANS UNDER ATTACK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I come 
before this honorable House with an issue that has been rather heart-breaking for so many of us for so long now: 
In The Middle East, the cradle of 
Christianity, where it started 2,000 years ago based on the Judeo principles from thousands of years before that, there has been a massive onslaught. Against Jews, it has been going on for some time; but especially in the last several years, it has become untenable for Christians. 
In an article by Debra Heine, Sep-
tember 20, my sister’s birthday, she wrote about ‘‘2,000 Years of Christian Civilization Destroyed on Obama’s Watch.’’ 
It says this in the article: ‘‘The Is-
lamic State has managed to destroy two thousand years of Christian civili-zations in the Middle East in just a couple of years, Lt. Col. Ralph Peters noted on ‘The O’Reilly Factor’ last week. And he placed the blame square-ly on President Obama’s . . . policy. 
‘‘ISIS has been spreading across the 
Middle East like a plague of locusts, and as they have spread, they have tar-geted religious minorities, particularly Christians, for destruction. In Syria, tens of thousands of Assyrian Chris-tians have been attacked and displaced. ‘‘They are forgotten refugees.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I have met with Chris-
tians and Christian leaders from Syria, and the stories they tell and the hor-rors they talk about, the inhumanity to man that is being inflicted upon Christians in that area is just unten-able. It is unconscionable. Women— talk about a war on women. If they are Christian women, it is absolutely hor-rendous. 
I ran into the same problem in meet-
ing with family members in Nigeria of girls that were kidnapped by radical Islamists, Boko Haram. That was in Nigeria. 
I would be interested to talk to the 
President of Togo tomorrow. I have been to his country before. I have seen the poverty, and I have seen the afflic-tion. 
But in the Middle East, Christians 
are not even allowed to be in the area where the Apostle Paul walked. The Apostle Paul planted churches where Christian missionaries were, along the times right after Jesus resurrected. Right in the early days of the church, churches were planted. And now, while the United States is said to be the sole superpower, Christians are being per-secuted in greater numbers around the world than ever in history. 
If there is a God who loves Chris-
tians, loves all people but has an affin-ity for Jews and Christians, then there would have to be a price for any nation that allows this to go on. 
This article goes on: A Catholic 
priest who visited Kurdish Iraq last fall described the wounded souls of the Christians who had taken refuge there. They had been forced from their homes in northern Iraq in the summer of 2014. 
‘‘‘Without question, we are talking 
about genocide here. Genocide is not only when the people are killed, but also when the soul of a people is de-stroyed. And that is what is happening in Iraq now,’ said Fr. Andrzej Halemba, head of Aid to the Church in Need’s Middle East section, said October 28. ‘It is the most tragic thing that I have ever experienced.’’’ 
This is from the priest. The priest 
goes on: ‘‘‘I have seen people who have been deeply wounded in their soul. In the various crises in this world, I have often seen people who have lost every-thing. But in Iraq, there are Christians who have had to leave everything and take flight three or four times. They can see no light at the end of the tun-nel.’ 
‘‘Last spring, hundreds of Assyrian 
Christians fled to Lebanon after ISIS jihadists stormed their villages in Syr-ia’s northeastern province of Hasakeh. 
‘‘Members of Lebanon’s Assyrian 
community did their best to welcome the new refugees, but the displacement had left them traumatized. 
‘‘‘The villages of Khabur are empty 
now, there is no one left except some fighters,’ lamented Chorbishop Yatron Koliana, as he oversaw the distribution at his diocese.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.048 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6304 September 28, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, this is tragic. Christian 
villages 2,000 years old, destroyed. Nothing left but some people trying to fight for just the ground that they are fighting on that once was their home. 
‘‘‘Our people have experienced a 
great tragedy in Syria’ . . . ‘They are depressed. Some of them have chronic illnesses. Their lives are difficult.’ 
‘‘‘How can we be comfortable living 
on aid?’ asked 50-year-old Simaan, who fled his village Tal Hormuz. 
‘‘He railed against what he called 
international indifference to the plight of Assyrians under attack by ISIS in Syria and neighboring Iraq. 
‘‘‘The whole world, from the U.N. to 
the United States and Russia, is re-sponsible’ . . . ‘They’’’—talking about ISIS—‘‘‘have destroyed our whole civ-ilization . . . and the world is watch-ing.’’’ 
b2030 
We hear so many sad stories. Chris-
tians are being persecuted on our watch, and we are not talking enough about it. The President certainly isn’t. He tells us that we need to take tens or hundreds of thousands of more Muslim refugees. What about the Christians and the massive extermination of churches in the Middle East under this administration? We get it. The Con-stitution gives the President wide au-thority and wide latitude on foreign policy. Congress has some say because we can appropriate or defund what the President is doing—if we have leader-ship with courage to do that. 
This article goes on: ‘‘In July, 4,000 
more Assyrian Christian families were among the 120,000 people who fled Hasakah to escape ISIS forces who had entered the city looking to carry out a mass ethno-religious slaughter. 
‘‘Fleeing Muslim persecution, Chris-
tian refugees are often targeted and persecuted anew by fleeing Muslim ref-ugees.’’ 
The International Business Times re-
ported: ‘‘Italian police have arrested 15 Muslim immigrants in Palermo, for al-legedly having thrown Christian refu-gees off the rubber boat that was tak-ing them to Italy after a fight for ‘reli-gious reasons,’ according to media re-ports. 
‘‘Those arrested—from Mali, Guinea 
and Ivory Coast—were part of a group of 100 that were rescued off the Libyan coast by the Italian coast guard. 
‘‘The Archbishop of Canterbury, re-
cently warned British Prime Minister David Cameron that his government’s refugee policy was discriminating against Christians because Christians are not among the refugees being helped in U.N. camps. They are not in the U.N. camps because they fear per-secution from radicalized Muslim refu-gees. 
‘‘The Most Reverend Justin Welby re-
portedly met the Prime Minister ear-lier this month with concerns that Christians in Syria will be largely ex-cluded from the 20,000 refugees due to come to the U.K. over the next 5 years. 
‘‘The government, in line with Euro-
pean Union policy, is committed to taking in refugees from U.N. camps in Syria and neighboring countries. It 
cannot discriminate in favor of any one religious group. But the Archbishop has raised concerns that Christians have avoided refugee camps because of fears of persecution from rogue Islamist groups operating inside ref-ugee camps. 
‘‘In a speech in the House of Lords 
last Monday, Archbishop Welby said that, ‘within the camps there is signifi-cant intimidation and radicalization, and many particularly of the Christian population who have been forced to flee are unable to be in the camps.’ 
‘‘He went on: ‘What is the govern-
ment’s policy of reaching out to those who are not actually in the camps?’’’ 
Lord Carey, who wrote in the Tele-
graph about his concern of the plight of Christians, wrote: 
‘‘‘The frustration for those of us who 
have been calling for compassion for Syrian victims for many months is that the Christian community is yet again left at the bottom of the heap.’ 
‘‘‘Mr. Cameron’s policy inadvert-
ently discriminates against the very Christian communities most victim-ized by the inhuman butchers of the so- called Islamic State.’ 
‘‘‘Christians are not to be found in 
the U.N. camps, because they have been attacked and targeted by Islamists and driven from them. They are seeking refuge in private homes, church buildings, and with neighbors and family.’ 
‘‘Refugees who want to come to the 
United States will also be required to apply through the U.N. 
‘‘‘A combination of European cow-
ardice and awful American foreign pol-icy has led to a mass Muslim migration that will affect the whole world.’’’ 
‘‘Lt. Col. Ralph Peters disagreed 
somewhat with that assessment.’’ 
He said, ‘‘‘I think you were much, 
much too soft on President Obama and a bit too hard on the E.U.’ . . .‘If Amer-ica doesn’t lead, it doesn’t happen.’’’ 
He went on to say: ‘‘‘Just look at a 
map of the Middle East . . . on George W. Bush’s last day in office. There is broad peace across the Middle East and North Africa, Iraq was finally conva-lescing, an d... Obama promptly, to 
please his America-hating base, aban-dons Iraq, backs the Muslim Brother-hood in Egypt, gets rid of Qaddafi with-out a plan for what goes after, threat-ens Assad . . . then does nothing, doesn’t listen to the intelligence com-munity when for years they are telling him about the Islamic State coming— then tries to blame the intelligence community, and launches feckless air-strikes. The combination of his fecklessness and cowardice, his rhetor-ical bravado and utter incompetence are responsible.’’’ 
He goes on: ‘‘‘No. Listen to this. Two 
thousand years of Christian civiliza-tion destroyed on his watc h... That’s on Obama. When 
America doesn’t lead, nothing hap-pens.’’’ 
Well, it is not just on President 
Obama. I am sure he is mainly respon-sible for our foreign policy, but we need to stand up to the President. When Iran is out there saying, as they have in the 
last couple of weeks, that with the $100 billion, $150 billion that President Obama is going to see to Iran getting 
quickly, and the hundreds of billions of dollars that will flow in subsequent years, they were already announcing they are going to increase their sup-port for Hamas and Hezbollah as they kill Americans, continue to kill Chris-tians, and continue to kill moderate Muslims who are not radicalized, at what point is Congress responsible for not standing up to the President? 
Mr. Speaker, I would submit that one 
very important point has come, and right now it is up to the United States Senate to have a backbone on behalf of the millions that stand to be per-secuted and killed by the money that they are going to allow to go to Iran by failing to do what they could to stop this world atrocity. 
There is no question in reasonable, 
intelligent minds that the Iran deal is a treaty. It is a treaty as anticipated by the Founders. It is a treaty as re-ferred to in the Constitution, article II, section 2, second paragraph, and it re-quires a vote of two-thirds of the Sen-ate present to go along with it in order for it to be effective. 
Yes, the Corker bill tried to amend 
the Constitution. Legislation can’t amend the Constitution. Once it is clear—as it is—that the Iran deal is a treaty, then we need desperately to have people in the Senate stand up— some of them have—make clear this is a treaty; it requires two-thirds in order to approve it or it is not ratified, it is not effective, and the President is not allowed to release the 100-plus billion, $150 billion to Iran that will be used for atrocities, especially toward America, toward Christians, toward moderate nonradicalized Muslims, toward Jews, and toward Israel. There is a real re-sponsibility here. It may take cour-age—I am sure it will—for the Senate to stand up and the Senate majority leader to stand up and say: Sorry, Mr. President, the Iran deal is a treaty. We have listed in our letter to the major-ity leader in the Senate some of the bases, it is spelled out in our resolution that we filed and talked about here on the floor, it is clearly a treaty. 
The end of John Quincy Adams’ oral 
argument that capped a couple of days of oral argument in the case can be found online. He was afraid that if he did not do an adequate job as a lawyer, 
those Africans that he was rep-resenting that had been captured by other Africans and sold into slavery, sent to the Caribbean, and then put on the Spanish ship the Amistad, they were able to overtake and overpower the Spanish and take charge of the ship. They landed in America. The law-suit was over whether or not they were free Africans or whether they were property of the Spanish. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.069 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6305 September 28, 2015 
I can understand the fear that John 
Quincy Adams must have had as he stood downstairs in the Old Supreme Court Chamber. One of the Justices had died one night during oral argu-ment, not while he was actually argu-ing. That final day he knew if he didn’t do an adequate job, his clients would wear chains and their children would wear chains all because he didn’t do an adequate job as their lawyer. 
So he finished his oral argument by 
calling the names of Justices of the Su-preme Court who had been on the Su-preme Court but had passed away. Chief Justice, Justices, he knew them. He called their names: The Justice that started this case, where is he? Where are all these Justices? Where is the So-licitor General that argued before me? 
This is around 1821. This is in the late 
1830s. He is now arguing in the Su-preme Court in their Chamber down-stairs. 
After going through all the Supreme 
Court Justices that had passed away, he finishes basically by saying they have gone to meet their Judge, and the biggest question is when they met their Maker, their Judge, did they hear the words: ‘‘Well done, good and faith-ful servant?’’ 
It is very clear, send a message to the 
Supreme Court. Think about it, Jus-tices. If you died tonight like the other Judge just died in the last couple of nights and you go to meet your Maker, do you want the last thing you did to be having sent wonderful African peo-ple out in chains that they would wear and their children would wear—pos-sibly their children and their chil-dren—all because you didn’t do the right thing as a judge? He won the case, as well he should. 
I can’t help but wonder if John Quin-
cy Adams were here today arguing on behalf of Christian communities all over the Middle East that have been destroyed, refugees that have been sent running, Jews that can no longer popu-late the area because of threats and vi-olence upon them, and he saw that the United States that he had been Presi-dent of and was in the House of Rep-resentatives after having been Presi-dent, if he would not be mortified, if he would not challenge us today: Do we want to meet our Maker, our Judge, and we saw and heard about the plight of Christians, Jews, and moderate Mus-lims around the Middle East and North Africa just being slaughtered, women being raped and torn apart, brutalized in unthinkable ways, and we turned a blind eye to that and said that we are going to bring in massive numbers of refugees who are Muslim, 72 percent of which are male, and we have been told by radicals that they are going to make sure that there are people that want to kill and destroy more Chris-tians, more Jews, more of America, and we are going to bring them in without proper vetting—because you can’t vet them properly—all while Christians, Jews, and moderate Muslims are being slaughtered and overrun all through the Middle East as we are credited with 
being the superpower in the world? 
b2045 
Yet, also, these last few days, the 
U.N.—where we pay far more than any-body even comes close to in order to keep it going as they continue to be-come more and more anti-Semitic, anti-Israeli, and anti-American—they entertain the largest supporter of ter-rorism in the world, the leader of Iran. And he says this in part, the leader of Iran, the President Rouhani: 
If we did not have U.S. military inva-
sion of Afghanistan and Iraq and the United States’ unwarranted support for the inhumane actions of the Zionist re-gime against the oppressed nation of Palestine, today the terrorists would not have an excuse for the justification of their crimes. 
I am taking this from an article by 
Julian Hattem, 9–28–15, which is inter-esting. We have heard that throughout the United States, if we just hadn’t gone into Iraq, if we hadn’t gone into Afghanistan, if we hadn’t gone into Af-ghanistan with the 300 Americans that we embedded—about 300—we embedded and let the Afghans destroy the Taliban by February of 2002, then we became an overwhelming occupying force in Afghanistan—but at least by February of 2002, if we hadn’t gone in and helped them, the Taliban would still be completely controlling Afghan-istan. That is the way it is. 
Now, we went astray when we became 
occupiers, and this President has only tripled the number of deaths in Af-ghanistan, even though the war is sup-posedly over. Over tripled the number of American deaths, even though the real war was during President Bush, because of this President’s rules of en-gagement and disastrous foreign pol-icy. 
But think about it. This is the head, 
the President of Iran. He is telling the UN and the world that, if it weren’t for the United States’ invasion in Afghani-stan and in Iraq, there wouldn’t be any American terrorists. 
Mr. Speaker, why in the world should 
the U.N. listen to a man that is this big a liar or is this stupid? Because you don’t have to be all that bright to un-derstand September 11 of 2001 happened before we sent 300 or so into Afghani-stan to help them destroy the Taliban and before we went in and took out a brutal dictator in Iraq. 
In fact, the planning of 9–11–2001 hap-
pened during the Clinton administra-tion on President Clinton’s watch. And for people that are fools or liars like Rouhani and they don’t know or are just lying about it, during the Clinton administration, President Clinton’s policies were to run and help per-secuted Muslims whenever we found them around the world. 
And while we were busy helping Mus-
lims, Western Asia, Eastern Europe, wherever we could help them, they were planning the attack on New York City and Washington, D.C., and hoping to wipe out the entire American gov-
ernment here in Washington, D.C. And but for the heroic act of people on a plane that took it down in Pennsyl-vania, they may well have. 
We don’t need to hear any of these 
lies about, oh, if America just hadn’t invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, regard-less of whether you agree with what President Bush ordered with Iraq, the fact is 9/11 was a terrorist attack before and so was the attack on the USS Cole and so were the attacks on our embas-sies around the world during the 1990s and so was the first World Trade Cen-ter attack in 1993 that apparently had some planning back during the former President Bush’s administration. 
And that was an administration that 
stopped a brutal dictator, Saddam Hus-sein, who had raided another Muslim country, and we went in and helped Ku-wait get their country back. We went to help the Muslims. And how do they reward us? To plan an attack to try to take down the World Trade Centers in ’93. 
It is very clear Christianity, Juda-
ism, Israel, all were under attack and so was America. And our enemies can’t believe how stupid Americans are be-cause we are going to reward the big-gest supporter of terrorism in the world—Iran—with $100 to $150 billion that they are already saying they are going to use to help Hamas and Hezbollah kill more Christians, more Jews, help wipe out Israel, help the at-tack against the Great Satan, the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for people in 
the United States Government to stand up and help correct the wayward poli-cies of this administration. We start by having the United States Senate in one voice say the Iranian deal is a treaty and we are taking a vote on it and clo-ture is set aside with 51 votes. 
And they won’t get the two-thirds to 
ratify it. It will not become effective against the United States. And thank God we will then have stopped the con-tinued persecution of Christians, mod-erate Muslims, Jews, Israelis, and the United States, instead of rewarding them and helping them take us out. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair reminds Members to avoid en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of family rea-sons. 
Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through Octo-
ber 1 on account of a family emer-gency. 
Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on ac-
count of unforeseen circumstances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE7.071 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6306 September 28, 2015 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 261. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1707. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2061. A bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious ex-emption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–268). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. H. Res. 
444. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions, and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (Rept. 114–269). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT ): 
H.R. 3620. A bill to amend the Delaware 
Water Gap National Recreation Area Im-provement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. C
ROW-
LEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California): 
H.R. 3621. A bill to ensure that Social Secu-
rity contributions made by workers are available to pay all benefits which they have 
earned; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. 
RUSH): 
H.R. 3622. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide incentives for the expansion of manufacturing in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. 
S
MITH of Missouri, and Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois): 
H.R. 3623. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the amount al-lowed as a deduction for interest on edu-cation loans paid by married couples; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 3624. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, and Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida): 
H.R. 3625. A bill to ensure that claims for 
benefits under the Black Lung Benefits Act are processed in a fair and timely manner, to better protect miners from pneumoconiosis (commonly known as ‘‘black lung disease’’), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. 
LATTA ): 
H.R. 3626. A bill to prohibit funding for the 
Environmental Protection Agency to be used to implement or enforce a cap-and-trade pro-gram for greenhouse gases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, Mr. B ECERRA , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
and Ms. B ASS): 
H.R. 3627. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to exclude from eligibility for the gener-alized system of preferences any country that fails to effectively enforce its environ-
mental laws or meet its international envi-ronmental obligations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Ms. 
S
TEFANIK , and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
H.R. 3628. A bill making continuing appro-
priations for military pay in the event of a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself and Mr. 
COFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3629. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to provide that Federal law shall not preempt State law; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-
self, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): H.R. 3630. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to provide as-sistance for programs and activities to pro-tect the water quality of Puget Sound, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. J
OLLY , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ENG, 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. P ETERS , and 
Ms. L OFGREN ): 
H.R. 3631. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to repeal the sunset of the special immigrant nonminister religious worker program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Ms. 
E
DWARDS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 3632. A bill to prohibit drilling in the 
Arctic Ocean; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3633. A bill to amend the District of 
Columbia Home Rule Act to make local funds of the District of Columbia available for use by the District during any portion of a fiscal year in which no Federal law appro-priating local funds for the fiscal year is in effect, at the rates of operation provided under the local budget act for the fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3634. A bill to establish student loan 
borrowers’ rights to basic consumer protec-tions, reasonable and flexible repayment op-tions, access to earned credentials, and effec-tive loan cancellation in exchange for public service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. E
MMER  
of Minnesota, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, and Miss R ICEof 
New York): 
H. Res. 445. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that corporations should commit to utilizing the benefits of gender diversity in boards of di-rectors and other senior management posi-tions; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mrs. 
M
ILLER of Michigan): 
H. Res. 446. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of October 2 as ‘‘National Manufacturing Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 3620. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.042 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6307 September 28, 2015 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 3621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 3622. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 3623. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under 
the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-
lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 3624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
legislation is based is found in article I, sec-tion 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause I; and article III section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress author-ity over the federal courts. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 3626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1, Section 7, Article 1 and Clause 7, 
Section 9, Article 1 of the United States Con-stitution 
By Mr. DOGGETT: 
H.R. 3627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution that grants Congress the authority, ‘‘To regulate Commerce with Foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. COFFMAN: 
H.R. 3628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the 
Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 3629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment X to the Constitution of the 
United States 
By Mr. HECK of Washington: 
H.R. 3630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 3631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the US Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. HUFFMAN: 
H.R. 3632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Com-
merce Clause) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (the Nec-
essary and Proper Clause) 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 169: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 225: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 292: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 482: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 539: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
ROUZER , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 699: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. 
H.R. 711: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 775: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 799: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 829: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 865: Mr. O LSON and Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York. 
H.R. 902: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . 
H.R. 920: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 932: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 940: Mr. S TUTZMAN and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 957: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 985: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1031: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1062: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 1218: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1221: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1309: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1422: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . 
H.R. 1423: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. B EYER and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ARR, and 
Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B OST, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. A DAMS , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. B EYER and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1660: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1786: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and 
Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1843: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1858: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1873: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2016: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2061: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2096: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington. 
H.R. 2260: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 2405: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2429: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2446: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 2458: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2603: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2631: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2712: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 2738: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. M ULLIN and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2759: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2764: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. B ECERRA , and 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. C UELLAR and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2835: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2853: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS and 
Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2911: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. D OLD, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 2944: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 2956: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2987: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. D OLD, Mr. C LAY, Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
Donovan, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2992: Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 2999: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3024: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 3126: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3144: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. O LSON and Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.037 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6308 September 28, 2015 
H.R. 3187: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3197: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 3198: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. O LSON , 
and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3250: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 3299: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 3309: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 3316: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. B LUM and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 3381: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. D OLD, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3412: Mr. A GUILAR and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 3423: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3442: Mr. O LSON and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 3457: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. C LAWSON  
of Florida, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. T ROTT , and 
Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Mr. 
BRAT. 
H.R. 3495: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. L ATTA , 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. B RADY of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3502: Ms. M OORE and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK . 
H.R. 3510: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 3513: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3514: Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, and Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee. H.R. 3518: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3521: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 3522: Mr. C OHEN and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 3532: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3535: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3569: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. O LSON and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 3594: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. F OXX, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
BYRNE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K LINE, 
Mr. B ARLETTA , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 3611: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
DOLD, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L OBIONDO , 
Mr. L ONG, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-
ida, Mr. C OLE, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
MULLIN , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
WILLIAMS , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. W ALKER . 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Con. Res. 78: Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 286: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 309: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 416: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H. Res. 426: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ELA, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H. Res. 428: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Res. 429: Ms. E STY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. M ILLER of Michi-
gan, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN . 
H. Res. 431: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H. Res. 443: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. ROYCE  
The provisions of H.R. 3457 (Justice for 
Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act) that war-ranted a referral to the Committee on For-eign Affairs do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3495 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  
H.R. 3614 does not contain any congres-
sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE7.028 H28SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6961 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2015 No. 140 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4:30 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. From the depths of gratitude, O 
Lord, we lift our hearts in prayer. Hear our petitions and fill us with Your peace. Lord, still and quiet our hearts, bringing to us a serenity that comes from trusting the power of Your provi-dential love. 
Inspire our lawmakers to develop 
such a close relationship with You that they would strive to please You al-ways. As You fill their hearts with Your life-transforming Spirit, may Your image in them be more clearly seen. Free them from any thoughts, words, and actions that are contrary to Your love, making them spiritually mature through the power of Your Spirit. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
a new Senate majority came to office this year with a new outlook on gov-ernment funding from the previous ma-jority. First, we passed a budget. Then we worked across the aisle to pass 
through the committee the dozen bills necessary to fund the government. That is the first time either of these things has happened in 6 long years. 
Our commonsense approach rep-
resented real hope that with the nec-essary cooperation from across the aisle, a new and better way of funding the government was actually possible. Democrats initially gave Americans reason to believe they might be ready to offer that bipartisan cooperation. Democrats gave bipartisan committee backing to nearly all of the dozen gov-ernment funding bills, and a majority of these bills attracted support from at least 70 percent of Democratic Appro-priations Committee members. Demo-crats even bragged about supporting these funding bills in press releases to their constituents. 
But this was before Democrats 
hatched their filibuster summer plan— in other words, block all of the govern-ment funding bills in the hopes of pro-voking a crisis Democrats might ex-ploit to grow the IRS and the DC bu-reaucracy. As a result, you actually saw Democratic leaders declare that they would use procedural moves to prevent the full Senate from even de-bating the same funding legislation members of their party had already praised in their press releases to the media. 
Democrats even voted repeatedly to 
block the bill that funds our military. Think about that—funds for our mili-tary. It would have been cynical enough for our colleagues to block a bi-partisan defense spending bill Demo-crats had hailed as a ‘‘win, win, win’’ and a ‘‘victory’’ for their States in their press releases, but we are all liv-ing in a time of unparalleled inter-national crises. Threats seem to mount less by the day than by the hour. Yet last week Democrats voted again to block the bipartisan bill that funds pay raises and medical care for our troops. It was very extreme. I wish I could say it was the only ex-
treme position our Democratic friends took last week. On Thursday Senators were given a choice between funding women’s health or funding a scandal- wracked organization called Planned Parenthood. Republicans stood up for women’s health; Democrats stood up for their political friends. 
I think Democrats will come to re-
gret their continued prioritization of the needs of the far left over women, over our military, and over seemingly everything else. The question before us now is how to keep the government open in the short term, given the reali-ties we face. 
This is what the president of Na-
tional Right to Life had to say on the matter: 
There are two different roads that we can 
take. One is to insist that no more money go to Planned Parenthood and cause a govern-ment shutdown (which [interestingly enough] won’t result in actually defunding Planned Parenthood). The other is to take a slightly longer-term approach, taking advan-tage of the fact that we have the attention of the country as probably never before. . . . 
Had Democrats not prevented the 
Senate from passing the same appro-priations bills they voted for and praised, we wouldn’t be having this dis-cussion right now. But they did. They pursued a deliberate strategy to force our country into another of these un-necessary crises. This leaves the fund-ing legislation before us as the only viable way forward in the short-term. It doesn’t represent my 1st, 2nd, 3rd or 23rd choice when it comes to funding the government, but it will keep the government open through the fall and funded at the bipartisan level already agreed to by both parties as we work on the way forward. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that all time during the quorum calls until 5:30 p.m. be charged equally between both sides. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.000 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6962 September 28, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
GOVERNING BY CRISIS 
Mr. REID. Madam President, a path 
to avert yet another Republican-manu-factured shutdown is before us now. This evening the Senate will vote to in-voke cloture on a clean continuing res-olution that keeps the Federal Govern-ment open and funded. We believe de-bate should continue on this issue, and that is why we are voting the way we are going to vote. Following that vote, the Senate will then proceed to final passage of a clean funding measure— sometime tomorrow or Wednesday. That will take a simple majority. I am pleased that we are on the verge of avoiding another Republican-sponsored shutdown of the Federal Government. We are fortunate cooler heads are pre-vailing. 
But I would be remiss if I didn’t re-
mind everyone—especially my Repub-lican colleagues—that this last-minute scramble to do our most basic job is as unnecessary as it is reckless. We are 2 days from a shutdown—only 2 days. And why? Because Republicans made it their No. 1 priority to undermine wom-en’s health. Keeping the government open, funded, and serving the American people was a secondary concern for these extremists in the Republican Party. My friend the Republican lead-er, in talking about this choice a few days ago, the choice between—he said Planned Parenthood; I say the health of women—understand, the Repub-licans couldn’t even get a majority vote on this. They couldn’t get a ma-jority vote; they were down in the for-ties. So even the Republicans think what is going on now is foolish. Keep-ing government open and funded and serving the American people was a sec-ondary concern for those extremists. That is too bad. 
So while I am pleased that we now 
have a path forward to avoid a shut-down, I am nonetheless concerned about the Republican modus operandi of always governing by crisis. Remem-ber, this is the fifth time in 2 years the Republicans have manufactured an un-necessary shutdown crisis. Two years ago they actually shut down the gov-ernment. For 17 days, Republicans shut down the government, and we were only able to get ourselves out of that morass because—for example, in the House of Representatives, two-thirds of 
the Republicans in the House voted to keep the government closed. That is unbelievable, but that is the way it was. Here it is now 2 years later, and we are on the verge of another shut-down. 
Remember this: This is the fifth time 
in 2 years that Republicans have manu-factured an unnecessary showdown cri-
sis—and it is a showdown. Too bad it is leading to a shutdown. 
Exactly 2 years ago, as I indicated, of 
course, they shut down the Federal Government because of health care. Seven months ago, Republicans almost shut down the Department of Home-land Security. Why? Over an immigra-tion issue. The Department of Home-land Security—they were going to shut it down. It was saved in the last minute. These are the agencies within this Department that protect us. They protect us from terrorists, and they protect us from those many things that happen in our country that we need protection from. 
This past spring, it shut down key 
national security programs that were part of the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act. Why? They were fighting among themselves. The Republican leader wanted a bill for a certain length of time. People within his cau-cus wanted one for another length of time. There was a fight among them, not among us, but they came close to wreaking havoc. They did wreak some havoc because the program was shut down for a while. 
More recently, Republicans shut 
down the Export-Import Bank, endan-gering the hundreds of thousands of jobs this program supports. It is still closed. 
Now we are just days from another 
shutdown—another kind of shutdown but a big one. And although it appears we will sidestep a Republican-manufac-tured crisis this week, the disaster is looming. We still have a long, difficult road ahead. 
The continuing resolution will pass 
this week, but it is for a short term, and it funds our government through December 11. The measure is very shortsighted—December 11. That means within the coming weeks, we will again be negotiating with Repub-licans to avoid another shutdown. 
We will also have to find a way to 
pay our bills to avoid a catastrophic default on our debt. Republicans tried that once. We came within minutes of doing that. The Federal Government— this great country of ours—wouldn’t be able to pay its bills. 
But we see the press. We see all these 
stories about the Speaker, who is going to step down in 5 weeks, and we hear the Republicans over there. They are joyous. One Republican running for President announced this, and there was cheering. And the person running for President—who serves in the Sen-ate—was part of the cheer. Another Re-publican Presidential candidate came to the same meeting, and the same thing happened. It is hard to com-prehend that people are cheering for this government to be closed. That is what they are doing. We shouldn’t pay our debt? 
The Republican House is in a sad 
state. Last week the far right showed that it can depose a Speaker and has emerged more powerful than ever, more outspoken than ever. Members of 
the House will hold their leadership elections in the coming days, and I hope they elect some sensible leaders. I am deeply concerned. 
I came to the floor on Friday and 
spoke as honestly as I could of my re-spect for J
OHN BOEHNER . I think it is 
unfair that people are piling on. Did I always agree with him? No. But he never misled me and always told me the way it was. 
I am deeply concerned that even 
those Republican leaders previously in-clined toward compromise have al-ready lost the courage to stand up to the far right when it matters the most, and they have said so in the press. That is too bad. 
Come November 1, we have no way of 
knowing what House Republicans will do—this is after their elections to re-place Congressman B
OEHNER . We have 
no idea what they are going to do, whether they will try to again steer our government off a cliff, as numerous House Members have said in the last few days. Do they want to go off that cliff or do they want to recklessly ham-mer the global economy? Maybe both. 
We need to get to work immediately 
to avoid being right back here on De-cember 11 facing another Republican shutdown because if one thing is clear, it is that Republicans see impending catastrophe as a political tool that they need to exploit. 
The American people don’t want an-
other 15 months of Republican brink-manship. Our constituents don’t want every simple legislative task to turn into a doomsday clock. So I invite my Republican colleagues to quit gov-erning by crisis. Let’s put the threat of government shutdown to bed now, and then let’s turn our attention to some-thing that both sides agree on—getting rid of the dangerous sequester cuts. 
I have heard speeches given by the 
senior Senator from Arizona—someone who knows a little bit about the mili-tary—and he says sequester cuts are terrible. I agree with him. 
These devastating cuts were never 
supposed to happen. They were meant to drive bipartisan budget negotia-tions. Getting rid of sequestration has wide bipartisan support in both Cham-bers, I hope. We should start working right now on a bipartisan budget fix that helps the military, helps the mid-dle class, and puts our country on a more sound economic footing. And let’s do it without the threat of a govern-ment shutdown. We can do it, but only if Republicans don’t divert us to yet another catastrophe. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.004 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6963 September 28, 2015 
TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the House mes-sage to accompany H.R. 719, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 719, an 
act to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Fed-eral law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Coch-ran) amendment No. 2689, making continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
McConnell amendment No. 2690 (to amend-
ment No. 2689), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell motion to refer the House mes-
sage on the bill to the Committee on Appro-priations, with instructions, McConnell amendment No. 2691, to change the enact-ment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2692 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2691), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2693 (to amend-
ment No. 2692), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until the cloture vote on the motion to concur with an amendment in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719 will be equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees. 
The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
Wednesday night is the deadline. On Wednesday night, the authority of the government of the United States to do business ends. The funding for our gov-ernment ends. It is a scary time. We don’t want that to happen—most of us—because we know it will be cata-strophic. There will be people who will suffer if we fail to do our job. 
Now, this isn’t the first time we have 
been up against a deadline. We have faced them before, and many times we have to buy a little extra time to nego-tiate the budget. That is understand-able. In this circumstance, though, we actually have announced candidates for the Presidency of the United States who are calling for a government shut-down. 
What happens when our government 
shuts down? Well, it is pretty obvious. Agencies stop doing business as usual. What we find, though, is that the im-pact goes far beyond just that simple statement. 
I went back to Illinois this last week-
end, and I went for a visit to Scott Air Force Base. It is the largest single em-ployer in the State of Illinois and downstate. 
In 2013—the last time we had a gov-
ernment shutdown—the junior Senator from Texas, Senator T
EDCRUZ, wanted 
to shut down our government to pro-test ObamaCare. So he successfully closed down the government and found other Republicans who would join him 
in that effort, and it went on for a long period of time. 
In 2013, at Scott Air Force Base, one 
of the most important defense facili-ties in our country, in Belleville, IL, we saw two-thirds of the civilian work-force—that is about 3,400 people—sent home immediately without pay. Those who were required to report for duty, including all of the base’s 5,000 mili-tary personnel, would have been given IOUs rather than paychecks. Scott Air Force Base families were forced to limit their spending and stretch their savings while the Senator from Texas gave speeches on the floor about Dr. Seuss. I am not making this up. 
This had an impact on the entire re-
gion of Southwestern Illinois. Scott Air Force Base has a $1.6 billion eco-nomic impact on the local area, includ-ing supporting thousands of indirect jobs. Every part of this regional econ-omy felt the impact of this decision to shut down the government 2 years ago—gas stations, restaurants, small businesses, contractors, everybody. 
Now, this brinksmanship goes far be-
yond flowery speeches on the floor and press attention. The last shutdown hurt the gross domestic product of the United States of America. Consumer confidence drops when the government shuts down. We saw $2 billion in lost productivity from furloughed employ-ees. 
Federal Reserve Chairman Janet 
Yellen said: 
We have a good recovery in place that’s 
really making progress and to see Congress take actions that would endanger that progress, I think that would be more than unfortunate. So to me that’s Congress’ job. 
The CEO of JPMorgan Chase, a man 
named Jamie Dimon, speaking of the last Republican government shutdown, said, ‘‘Washington has really slowed American down.’’ I agree. And if that were the only thing that was hap-pening, it would be bad enough. But there is more. 
Today I went to a neighborhood in 
Chicago, the All Saints Episcopal Church in Ravenswood. They are doing a restoration on this beautiful church built back in the 19th century. I met with the pastor there. We were at the food pantry of this church. This Epis-copal Church tries to help neighbor-hood residents who are struggling to find enough to eat. 
We had a little press conference with 
the local Congressman, M
IKEQUIGLEY  
and J ANSCHAKOWSKY , and people who 
represented the food pantries of Chi-cago in that area. They are worried about a shutdown and what a shutdown means to them. How would it affect the All Saints Episcopal Church food pan-try and the men and women who go in there on a regular basis to pick up some canned goods to get by? Here is what it means. Many of these people are on food stamps. We call it the SNAP program now. The SNAP pro-gram, on average, gives a person food worth $7 a day, so the notion that peo-ple are going out for steak dinners on 
food stamps is not quite accurate. 
Sara—and I won’t use her full name— 
who is 81 years old, came up to talk about what life is like for her. She was a hard-working person, stricken with cancer in 2002, which recurred in 2004, and she had to quit working. She has a walker now and she gets around, but all she has is her Social Security check and food stamps. That is how she sur-vives from week to week and month to month. 
What happens when there is a gov-
ernment shutdown? They cut off food stamps. Did that happen last time? No. The last time the Senator from Texas shut down the government, it didn’t happen because President Obama had a surplus in his recovery fund and he took the surplus and put it in the food stamps so there would be no interrup-tion of service. You see, most of the re-cipients of food stamps are children. Single moms raising kids and not mak-ing enough money supplement their in-come with food stamps and buy food for their kids. Food stamps are also used by elderly people like Sara who are struggling on a fixed income. 
This time is different. If these Presi-
dential wannabes who are determined to shut down the government this time are successful, we are going to have problems right away. It turns out the only surplus left in the food stamp or SNAP benefit fund is about $3 billion. That will keep the program going for 2 weeks. After 2 weeks, they cut off the food stamps. What does that mean? Well, for a lot of people it means a lot of suffering—primarily for the poorest people among us. 
Did anyone notice last week what 
happened in Washington? The city was transformed by the visit of Pope Francis. Congress was in awe of this man who came and spoke to us in very human terms about what he thinks would be our obligation, not just as elected officials but as human beings. One of his highest priorities is that we have some caring and sensitivity for those who struggle—the poor, the peo-ple on food stamps. 
So for all the applause and all of the 
posing for pictures that went on last week with the Pope, here we are this week discussing a government shut-down. Here we are this week discussing whether we are going to cut off food stamps for poor people in America. 
It is a sad reality to think of what a 
government shutdown would do in human terms to those wonderful folks working at Scott Air Force Base in Belleville, IL, or to Sara who will go into the All Saints Episcopal Church food pantry and try to get by, as food stamps are cut off. 
Why? Why would we do that? How 
can we possibly be serving this Na-tion—this great Nation—by stalling our economy and hurting innocent peo-
ple and punishing those who are serv-ing our country in uniform and other-wise? 
Some think it is a grand strategy—a 
great political strategy. It may move 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.006 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6964 September 28, 2015 
them up from the smaller debate to the 
big-time debate when it comes to run-ning for President. To me it is an indi-cation we have lost our way. 
In June, I joined with the other lead-
ers on this side of the aisle in sending a letter to the Republican leader say-ing: Please, don’t wait until the end of September to face this budget reality. Sit down now—back in June—with the President, with the leaders on the Re-publican side and the Democratic side. Let us compromise in good faith. Let us meet our responsibilities. 
Well, that is what we face. As Sen-
ator R
EIDsaid a few minutes earlier, 
there is a suggestion that maybe as a parting gift to Speaker B
OEHNER we 
will extend the budget temporarily until December 11, 2 weeks before Christmas, just days before the Hanuk-kah season—that we would extend the budget until then and then, once again, be up against the deadline and the prospect of shutting down our govern-ment. 
We can do better. We should do bet-
ter. We need to make certain we keep faith with the people who send us here. We need to make certain we do our 
job—not just to send a continuing reso-lution to the President but to resolve this issue. We should not be threat-ening a government shutdown now or in December when we know how dev-astating that can be. 
I hope Congress gets busy taking care 
of the work we were sent here to do. I think it is time for those bipartisan budget negotiations. It is beyond time. Now is the time for Congress to act re-sponsibly to develop a budget that al-lows America to thrive. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to talk about an amendment I plan to offer in a little while, once somebody comes from our side or the other side because they would like to be here to talk about it with me, as I understand it—maybe even to object to it, maybe to agree with it. But I wish to speak about the amendment, if I could, for a moment. 
Right now, we are debating the con-
tinuing resolution. This would be to continue a level of spending from now until December 11. There are a bunch of changes in that from last year’s spending, but it is basically a continu-ation of the previous year until we can work out our differences. It is not the way to govern around here. What we should be doing instead is having indi-vidual spending bills come up. There are 12 different appropriations bills. 
The ideal way to handle this is the 
way it used to be done, which is that the Appropriations Committee and its 
subcommittees deal with these indi-vidual spending bills. For instance, one is for Commerce, the State Depart-ment, and the Justice Department. One is for the Department of Health and Human Services, and one is for the De-partment of Defense. When we do that, what happens is we have oversight 
hearings, and we have Congress playing its rightful role of saying: Are these agencies doing the right thing? Are these programs working or aren’t they working? We might increase spending with a program that is actually work-ing well, decrease spending from an-other program, and eliminate a third program that is not working well at all. That is what Congress is supposed to do. That is our job here. 
Under the Constitution, Congress was 
given the power of the purse, meaning that every dime has to be appropriated by the Congress. What has happened over the years—particularly in the last several years—is that Congress has not moved forward on these appropriations bills because they have been blocked. In this case, this year we have been trying to bring up appropriations bills and the other side, the Democrats, have been blocking even considering an appropriations bill. 
We have had this debate here on the 
floor. Many of us have heard it. But the bottom line is the committees have ac-tually done their work and reported out 12 different appropriations bills. So 12 bills are ready to come to the floor. By the way, most of these bills have been reported out with huge bipartisan majorities. I saw one the other day. It was 24 to 3, for instance. I know the Presiding Officer has been involved in some of these issues over the years. It is typical, actually, that appropriators do their jobs. Senator M
IKULSKI , Sen-
ator C OCHRAN , and others work out the 
differences, but we simply can’t get them voted on on the floor. 
People may say: Why can’t you? 
Well, because it requires 60 votes. We have to overcome a 60-vote hurdle in order to even proceed to the legisla-tion. So we haven’t been able to vote on a single appropriations bill before September 30, which is the fiscal year- end and which is coming up this week. It is no way to run a railroad, much less a government—by the way, the government that has the biggest budg-et of any government in the world, the government of the greatest nation in the world. We can’t even bring these individual spending bills up here for a debate and a vote. It is just wrong. 
Again, when we don’t do that, what 
we don’t have is the oversight. I would think both sides would want to have oversight over these agencies and de-partments so we understand what is working and what is not working and so that those tax dollars are spent wisely. That is the kind of stewardship that we are responsible for. As tax-payers, as representatives of taxpayers, we should want to be sure those dollars are spent in a way that is most effec-tive. Yet, without having these appro-
priations bills, it is just impossible to do. Instead, we are faced with this pos-sibility of on September 30 not having any of what is called discretionary spending, which is not all of the spend-ing of government, but it is the spend-ing that Congress appropriates every year, and having the possibility of 
parts of government actually not being able to operate because September 30 is the fiscal year-end. It is just the wrong way to do business. 
So the amendment I am going to 
offer later this afternoon is an amend-ment that simply says: Let’s adopt a new bill, new legislation that says: Let’s end government shutdowns. 
How would we do it? We would say 
that as of September 30, if there is any bill that is not passed, any one of the 12—remember that this year none of the 12 were passed—none of them. But on any year, if any one of those were not passed, then we would simply con-tinue the spending from the previous year, but there would be a reduction in that spending over time. After 120 days there would be a 1-percent reduction, giving 120 days to work with the Appro-priations Committee to say: OK, we know you don’t want to see the spend-ing cut, and we know you have prior-ities you would like to fund, but it is going to be cut 1 percent after 120 days, then 1 percent after the next 90 days, 1 percent after the next 90 days, and 1 percent after the next 90 days. So we get to a point where we have to see a reduction in spending every year, which is not necessarily a bad thing be-cause Congress spends more than it takes in every year. But if appropri-ators and others here in Congress don’t want to see that, they would have to get their act together and actually pass appropriations bills. Once an ap-propriations bill is passed, the End Government Shutdowns Act would not apply. 
This seems to me to be a really log-
ical bipartisan commonsense solution to the problem that we are facing here. Again, the problem is Congress is not doing its work. We are not getting these appropriations bills done. It is not for lack of work in the committees this year. Again, all 12 bills were re-ported out of committee. I believe the same is true in the House. Yet we can-not get here on the floor of the Senate the 60 votes needed to come up with the ability to proceed to these appro-priations bills. It is called a filibuster. They are being filibustered. We are not even debating them. This is just wrong. I think, again, the way to get around that is to say: OK, if you want to try to block these bills, what is going to hap-pen is we are going to have automatic spending from last year with no in-creases—in fact, decreases—and de-creasing more over time, until Con-gress gets its act together and actually passes this legislation. 
This idea is so commonsense that 
when we had a vote on it a couple of years ago, when I was able to bring it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.007 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6965 September 28, 2015 
up for a vote—and we will see tonight 
whether I am permitted to do that—we actually had 46 Senators support it. Now, not everybody supported it on the Appropriations Committee. Some of them obviously had concerns about it. Not every Republican supported it. There were a few Republicans who didn’t support it. By the way, one Re-publican who didn’t support it last time is now a cosponsor of the legisla-tion because she has looked at it, she has understood the system is not work-ing, and she has been persuaded it is the right way to go. It was bipartisan last time. Senator T
ESTER and I were 
the two cosponsors of it. 
So I hope I will have the opportunity 
to offer that amendment here this afternoon because I think it makes all the sense in the world. As we are debat-ing a continuing resolution again, the so-called CR—which is the wrong way to govern—let’s also pass as part of that a new discipline, a new idea, a new approach that says: Let’s not do this again. Let’s not ever have the threat of a government shutdown hanging over us. Instead, come September 30, if an appropriations bill isn’t done, fine, con-tinue the spending from last year, with a slow ratcheting down of that spend-ing. I think that makes all the sense in the world. It takes away this political football that is being thrown back and forth. It takes away the specter for our economy, for our businesses, and for our families of not knowing whether they are going to have this government operation continue after September 30 in whatever area is affecting our econ-omy or those businesses or those fami-lies. I think it makes a lot of sense, and I think it provides an incentive for Congress to get its work done. And Congress should be doing every year all 12 appropriations bills—doing the over-sight that goes into that, deciding what gets more money, what gets less money, what gets thrown out alto-gether. It doesn’t make any sense. 
In the huge bureaucracy of the vast 
Federal Government, not every pro-gram is perfect. Let’s be honest; a lot of them need reform. If we don’t have this process of the power of the purse— the leverage of the power of the purse to be able to say ‘‘Prove this program is working,’’ and when it doesn’t, ‘‘We are going to pull the funding away’’— you lose the ability for Congress to be an effective partner with the executive branch and the judicial branch the way our Founders set it up. 
Again, Congress alone has the power 
of the purse. Every dime has to be ap-propriated by this Congress, and Con-gress is not doing its job. This amend-ment, if we put in place this new prac-tice, would be a tremendous help to get Congress back on track. It wasn’t too long ago that this happened. I have been here almost 5 years now or 4
1⁄2 
years. We haven’t had a single year where all the appropriations bills were done. In fact, very few appropriations bills have been voted on at all. This year not a single appropriations bill— zero—has come to the floor of the Sen-
ate because they have been blocked. They have all come out of committee now, but not a single one is allowed to get voted on here in the Senate. 
I do hope that my own leadership on 
the Republican side will keep bringing these bills up. At least then we have an opportunity to talk about them—what is in the bills and why it is a good idea for us to have the oversight. Again, the reforms to these programs—the spend-ing cuts, the spending increases for programs that are working well, the elimination altogether of programs that aren’t working—we should at least have the opportunity to discuss them and talk about it. 
I was hopeful we would see a col-
league from the other side of the aisle show up or a member of the Appropria-tions Committee. I was told I could give this little talk at 5, and I had the opportunity to offer this amendment. I will have to come back later and offer it again. 
I don’t know if my colleague from 
Iowa is planning to speak—— 
Mr. GRASSLEY. No. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, ear-
lier I had the opportunity to talk a lit-tle about the amendment I am about to offer. This is an amendment to the un-derlying bill, which is a continuing res-olution. The amendment has to do with a piece of legislation called the End Government Shutdowns Act. 
Excuse me. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to be able to speak for 5 minutes in order to finish the conversation that we started earlier this evening. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
talked about the fact that here we are, once again, without the appropriations bills done and forced to do a continuing resolution from now until December 11, and that is because later this week, on September 30, when the fiscal year ends and comes to a close, we will not have done the appropriations bills. It is not that we haven’t done one or two or three; we haven’t done any of them, and there are 12 of them. 
I think it is time for us to take a new 
approach; that is, to have an end gov-ernment shutdowns discipline put be-fore this Congress which says: Any time you get to this point with any of the appropriations bills—including now where we have all of them—that we in-stead have a continuation of last year’s spending but that it ratchets down over time to provide an incentive for 
all of us in Congress—Democrats and Republicans alike, the Appropriations Committee, and all of us—to get our work done and to do our job under the Constitution. The power of the purse is exclusively delegated to the Congress. It will help us to get our job done if we had this by having the end government shutdowns discipline in place. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up my amendment No. 2702, the end government shutdowns amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. COCHRAN. Reserving the right 
to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, if I un-
derstand the Senator’s suggestion cor-rectly, his amendment would create an automatic continuing resolution to fund the Federal Government in the event an annual appropriations bill is not enacted by the time the fiscal year expires. That may sound harmless enough, but what we are saying is that not only is the power of the Senate sus-pended and put on hold but the obliga-tions of the committee system are put under a threat—that unless you com-plete action on legislation that is re-ferred to the committee of jurisdiction by a certain time, you are out of busi-ness, and whoever wants to offer an amendment as a substitute gets to offer that and pass it on a majority vote. We are already required to have three-fifths of the Members vote to cut off debate in order to be sure that all Senators—not just a bare majority— get to decide the decisions of the Sen-ate and get to actively participate in the process by offering amendments. 
My friend’s amendment abolishes of-
fering any other alternatives for a full debate—unlimited debate—which is why the Senate is here, to cool down the passions of the moment. A Senator might have a good idea and want to change a law, repeal a resolution, deny access to Federal funds for this, that or the other that goes to a State that is very important, and their interests are just as important. 
This is a terrible amendment, and it 
ought to be rejected. I hope the Sen-ator will withhold offering the amend-ment. We can have hearings on this and see what other Senators may think about it, but at first blush, this seems like this is an amendment whose time has not come. We are not ready to dis-mantle the rules of the Senate piece by piece. Well, we have the right of unlim-ited debate, and Senators can talk as long as they wish to. We don’t have to go through a rules committee to get permission or get permission from any other Senator. These are direct respon-sibilities of individual Senators se-lected by their States to stand up for their interests, not to go to Wash-ington and cave in on something that might be a good-sounding amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.010 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6966 September 28, 2015 
or might have the passions of the mo-
ment behind it so that there appears to be a wave of support, but until you have a chance to seriously consider the individual issues involved, until three- fifths of the Senate decides to cut off debate—I strongly object to this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. COCHRAN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate the comments of my friend and my colleague, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I look for-ward to talking to him more about this. As I said earlier, 46 Senators sup-ported this in the past, including all but two or three Republicans, by the way, and one of them is now a cospon-sor of the legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the mandatory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to today’s cloture vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object. I wish to have 1 minute in order to debate the matter that is before us. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I stand 
with the Senator from Mississippi. We may be from opposite political parties, but I certainly agree with him that the suggestion by the Senator from Ohio does not serve the best interests of this country. 
Imagine if his proposal went through 
and we were faced with inadequate funding for medical care for our vet-erans. I am sorry to say the Senator from Ohio has suggested that we would have last year’s level of funding with potentially a 4-percent cut. It would be the same for fighting fires and the Na-tional Institutes of Health. There would be a 4-percent cut in medical re-search. 
I think what we are doing, if we ac-
cept this approach, is giving up our re-sponsibility that the taxpayers sent us to carry out; that is, to make careful choices when it comes to budgets. 
I just want to be on the record sup-
porting my colleague from Mississippi. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
hadn’t planned to have a debate on this, but I am happy to have one. Let me just be very clear. This is about putting the Appropriations Committee in business, not out of business. This is not about cutting spending; it is about forcing Congress to get its work done. 
Here we sit about to pass a con-
tinuing resolution because none of the 12 appropriations bills has been voted on because each of them has been blocked in the Senate. The committee has done its work. Yet we can’t get them to the floor. Yet we have the 
other side saying: Gosh, this would somehow hurt the process. 
How can the process be hurt any 
worse? We want the process to work, and that is why 46 of us, on a bipar-tisan basis, have supported this idea. What it says is, if at the end of the day, on September 30, appropriations bills have not been passed, then we would simply continue the spending from last year, and, yes, over time we would ratchet it down, giving 120 days for the committee to get its act together that it did not in the previous year when it was supposed to, to get these bills done, to do the oversight, and to make the decisions about NIH, as the Sen-ator has said, and to make the deci-sions about our veterans. 
If we truly want to help our veterans, 
a CR is not the way to do it. The way to do it is to let the VA bill come to the floor, have a debate, and take the committee’s good ideas—and, by the way, it came out of committee with a large bipartisan vote. That is how we should be legislating. That is our job. The power of the purse resides exclu-sively with us. Yet once again this year we are not doing our job. It is not that we are just doing a couple of appropria-tions bills; we are not doing a single appropriations bill. I think it is time for us to change course and that is what this legislation is about. I am simply saying that in the process of passing the CR, which we now have to do, set up a discipline for the future that provides an incentive for us to get our work done so the good work being done by Senator C
OCHRAN and others— 
including Senator M IKULSKI —in the 
Appropriations Committee can come to the floor for a vote, and we can get back to governing. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request to waive the mandatory quorum? 
Mr. DURBIN. No objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719 with an amendment, No. 2689. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, Pat Roberts, Johnny Isakson, Michael B. Enzi, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso, Lindsey Graham, Lamar Alexander, Thad Cochran, Chuck Grassley, Kelly Ayotte, Susan M. Col-lins, Deb Fischer, Richard Burr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719 with 
amendment No. 2689, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 77, 
nays 19, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 271 Leg.] 
YEAS—77 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse 
Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—19 
Boozman 
Coats Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Heller Inhofe 
Lankford Lee Moran Paul Risch Sasse Scott 
Sessions Shelby Toomey Vitter 
NOT VOTING—4 
Blunt 
Corker Graham 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 77, the nays are 19. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Cloture having been invoked, the mo-
tion to refer falls. 
The Senator from Texas. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2690 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I move to 
table the McConnell amendment No. 2690 for the purpose of offering my own amendment No. 2701, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There does not appear to be a suffi-
cient second. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.012 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6967 September 28, 2015 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, there is a 
reason the American people are fed up with Washington. There is a reason the American people are frustrated. The frustration is not simply mild or pass-ing or ephemeral; it is volcanic. Over and over again, the American people go to the ballot box. Over and over again, the American people rise and say: The direction we are going does not make sense; we want change. Over and over again, the American people win elec-tions—in 2010, a tidal wave election; in 2014, a tidal wave election. Yet nothing changes in Washington. 
I would like to share with the Pre-
siding Officer and the American people the real story of what is happening in Washington, why it is that our leaders cannot stop bankrupting this country, cannot stop the assault on our con-stitutional rights, cannot stop Amer-ica’s retreat from leadership in the world. It is a very simple dynamic when you have two sides allegedly in a political battle, one side that is relent-lessly, unshakably committed to its principles and the other side that re-flectively surrenders at the outset. The outcome is foreordained. 
I will give President Obama and the 
Senate Democrats credit. They believe in principles of Big Government. They believe in this relentless assault on our constitutional rights. They are willing to crawl over broken glass with a knife in between their teeth to fight for those principles. Unfortunately, leader-ship on my side of the aisle does not demonstrate the same commitment to principles. 
How is it, you might wonder, that a 
preemptive surrender is put in place? Well, it all begins with a relatively in-nocuous statement: There shall be no shutdowns. That is a statement leader-ship in both Houses—Republican lead-ership in both Houses has said: We are not going to shut the government down. 
You can understand—to folks in the 
private sector, folks at home, that sounds pretty reasonable, except here is the reality in Washington. In today’s Washington, there are three kinds of votes. No. 1, there are show votes— votes that are brought up largely to placate the voters, where the outcome is foreordained, where most Repub-licans will vote one way and most Democrats will vote the other. Repub-licans will lose, and the conservatives who elected Republican majorities in both Houses are supposed to be thrilled that they have been patted on the head and given their show vote that was des-tined to lose. 
We had a vote like that in recent 
weeks on Planned Parenthood. Leader-ship told us: You should be thrilled. We voted on it. What else do you want? 
We voted on it in a context where it 
would never happen. Indeed, it did not. 
The second kind of vote is a vote that 
simply grows government, dramati-cally expands spending, and expands corporate welfare. Those votes pass be-cause you get a bipartisan coalition of Republican leadership and Democrats, 
both of whom are convinced that ca-reer politicians will get reelected if they keep growing and growing govern-ment and in particular handing out corporate welfare to giant corpora-tions. Oh boy. If you have the lobbyists on K Street pushing for something, you can get 60, 70, 80 in this Chamber be-cause Republican leadership loves it and Democrats are always willing to grow government. 
Then there is the third kind of vote— 
votes on must-pass legislation. In an era when one side—the Democratic Party—is adamantly committed to continuing down this path that is caus-ing so many millions of Americans to hurt, must-pass votes are the only votes that have real consequence in this Chamber. They typically fall into one of three categories: either a con-tinuing resolution, an omnibus appro-priations bill, or a debt ceiling in-crease. All of those three are deemed must-pass votes. If you actually want to change law, those are the only hopes of doing so. But, as I mentioned before, 
you have one side who has preemp-tively surrendered. 
Republican leadership has said they 
will never ever shut down the govern-ment, and suddenly President Obama understands the easy key to winning every battle: He simply has to utter the word ‘‘shutdown’’ and Republican leadership runs to the hills. So Presi-dent Obama demands of Congress: Fund every bit of ObamaCare—100 percent of it—and do nothing, zero, for the mil-lions of Americans who are hurting, millions of Americans who have lost their jobs, who have lost their health care, who have lost their doctors, who have been forced into part-time work, the millions of young people who have seen their premiums skyrocket. 
President Obama: You can do noth-
ing for the people who are hurting. 
Senate Democrats say: We don’t care 
about the people who are hurting. We will do nothing for them. 
Here is the kicker. President Obama 
promises: If you try to do anything on ObamaCare, I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire Federal Govern-ment and shut it down. 
Republican leadership compliantly 
says: OK. Fine. We will fund 
ObamaCare. 
President Obama then understands 
he has got a pretty good trump card here he can pull out at any time. So next he says: OK. Republicans, fund my unconstitutional Executive amnesty. It is contrary to law. It is flouting Fed-eral immigration law. But you, Repub-licans, fund it anyway or else, I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire Federal Government and shut it down. 
Republican leadership says at the 
outset: OK. We will fund amnesty. 
Now we turn to Planned Parenthood. 
Barack Obama—this will surprise no one—says: Fund 100 percent of Planned Parenthood with taxpayer money. 
Mind you, Planned Parenthood is a 
private organization. It is not even part of the government. But it happens 
to be politically favored by President Obama and the Democrats. 
Planned Parenthood is also the sub-
ject of multiple criminal investigations for being caught on tape apparently carrying out a pattern of ongoing felo-nies. In ordinary times, the proposition that we should not be sending your or my Federal taxpayer money to fund a private organization that is under mul-tiple criminal investigations—that ought to be a 100-to-0 vote. But, as I mentioned before, Barack Obama is ab-solutely committed to his partisan ob-jectives. He is like the Terminator. He never stops. He never gives up. He moves forward and forward and for-ward. 
So what does he say? If you don’t 
fund this one private organization that is not part of the government, that is under multiple criminal investigations, I, Barack Obama, will veto funding for the entire Federal Government and shut it down. 
What does Republican leadership 
say? Well, it will surprise no one. Re-publican leadership says: We surrender. We will fund Planned Parenthood. 
You know, President Obama has ne-
gotiated a catastrophic nuclear deal with Iran. Republican leadership goes on television all the time and rightly says: This is a catastrophic deal. The consequences are that it is the single greatest national security threat to America. Millions of Americans could die. 
I would suggest that if we actually 
believed the words that are coming out of our mouths, then we would be will-ing to use any and all constitutional authority given the Congress to stop a catastrophic deal that sends over $100 billion to Ayatollah Khamenei. Yet President Obama says he will veto the entire budget if we do, and, to the sur-prise of nobody, Republican leadership surrenders. 
You know, I will draw an analogy. It 
is as if at a football game, the begin-ning of the football game the two team captains go out to flip the coin. One team’s coach walks out and says: We forfeit. They do it game after game after game right at the coin flip. 
Leadership says: We forfeit. We sur-
render. We, Republicans, will fund every single Big Government liberal priority of the Democrats. 
If an NFL team did that over 16 
games, we know what their record would be; it would be 0 and 16. You know, I am pretty sure the fans who bought tickets and who went to the game would be pretty ticked off as they watched their coach forfeit over and over again. 
You want to understand the volcanic 
frustration with Washington? It is that Republican leadership in both Houses will not fight for a single priority we promised the voters we would fight for when we were campaigning less than a year ago. 
You know, this past week was a big 
news week in Washington. The Speaker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.016 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6968 September 28, 2015 
of the House, J OHN BOEHNER , an-
nounced he was going to resign, and there was lots of speculation in the media as to why the Speaker of the House resigned. I am going to tell you why he resigned. It is actually a direct manifestation of this disconnect be-tween the voters back home and Re-publican leadership. Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Leader M CCONNELL promised there 
will be no shutdown. Therefore, they will fund every single priority of Barack Obama. 
We are right now voting on what is 
called a clean CR. I would note it is clean only in the parlance of Wash-ington, because what does it do? It funds 100 percent of ObamaCare, 100 percent of Executive amnesty. It funds all of Planned Parenthood, and it funds the Iranian nuclear deal. It is essen-tially a blank check to Barack Obama. That is not very clean to me. That ac-tually sounds like a very dirty funding bill, funding priorities that are doing enormous damage. 
In the Senate the votes were always 
there for a dirty CR, a CR that funded all of Barack Obama’s priorities. The Democrats will all vote for it—heck, of course they will. They have the other side funding their priorities. Of course, every Democrat will vote for that over and over and over and twice on Sun-day. The simple reality on the Repub-lican side is when leadership joins with the Democrats, about half of the Re-publican caucus is happy to move over to that side of the aisle. So the votes were always preordained. 
The motion I made just a moment 
ago was a motion to table the tree. You remember filling the tree. It is some-thing we heard a lot about in the pre-vious Congress. H
ARRY REID, the Demo-
cratic leader, did it all the time. 
Senators on this side of the aisle 
stood over and over and said: It is abuse of process. In fact, we even cam-paigned with our leadership saying: We are going to have an open amendment process. Yet what has happened here is that Majority Leader M
CCONNELL has 
taken a page out of Leader R EID’s play-
book and filled the tree. I moved to table the tree, and what you then saw was leadership denying a second. 
What does ‘‘denying a second’’ mean? 
Denying a recorded vote. Why is that important? When you are breaking the commitments you have made to the men and women who have elected you, the most painful thing in the world is accountability. When you are mis-leading the men and women who showed up to vote for you, you don’t want sunshine making clear that you voted no. A recorded vote means each Senator’s name is on it. 
Now, why did I move to table the 
tree? Simply to add the amendment that I had, which, No. 1, would have said that not one penny goes to Planned Parenthood, and No. 2, not one penny goes to implementing this cata-strophic Iranian nuclear deal unless and until they comply with Federal law—the administration complies with Federal law—and hands over the full 
deal, including the side agreements with Iran. What you saw was that Re-publican leadership desperately does not want a vote on that. 
Tomorrow I intend to make that mo-
tion again. And when I make that mo-tion again, I would encourage those watching to see which Senators are here to give a second or not and to vote yea or nay. 
I would note that when you deny a 
second, which is truly an unprece-dented procedural trick—it used to be that was a courtesy that was afforded to all Senators. Indeed, in the opposing party routinely over and over when a Democrat or Republican asked for a second, everyone raised their hand. But leadership has discovered: We can do this in the dark of the night. 
But I would encourage those watch-
ing to see, No. 1, when this motion is offered again, who shows up to offer a second and who either doesn’t raise his hand or just doesn’t come to the floor. 
One of the ways you avoid account-
ability is you are somehow somewhere else doing something very important instead of actually showing up for the battle that is waging right here and now. 
But I would also encourage people to 
watch very carefully what happens after that. After that you have a voice vote. A voice vote is still a vote. Let’s be clear. Standing on the floor, there were two Senators—Senator L
EEand 
I—who voted aye, who voted to table the tree and take up the amendment barring funding for Planned Parent-hood and barring funding for this cata-strophic Iranian nuclear deal. 
The remaining Senators on the Re-
publican side—Leader M
CCONNELL , 
Whip C ORNYN , Senator A LEXANDER , and 
Senator C OTTON —those four Senators 
loudly voted no. It is still a vote, even though it is not a recorded vote. It is a vote on the Senate floor. 
So why did Speaker B
OEHNER resign? 
Well, I mentioned to you that the votes were always cooked here. The Demo-crats plus Republican leadership and the votes they bring with them ensure plenty of votes for a dirty CR, a CR that funds ObamaCare, that funds am-nesty, that funds Planned Parenthood, that funds this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. But the House was always the bulwark. 
The Presiding Officer will remember 
in 2013 when we had a fight over ObamaCare. The Presiding Officer was serving in the House at the time. In that fight we never had the votes in the Senate. Actually, the Senate was 
under control of the Democrats. They were going to do everything they could to defend ObamaCare regardless of the millions of people who were hurt. 
But the House was the bulwark in 
that fight, and in particular there was a core of 40 or 50 strong, principled con-servatives who cared deeply about hon-oring the commitments they made to the men and women who elected them. That was always the strength we had in that fight. You know, it has been interesting 
reading some of the press coverage, speculating that there would be some magic parliamentary trick that would somehow stop this corrupt deal. Well, in the Senate there are no magic par-liamentary tricks. When you have the Democrats plus Republican leadership and a chunk of the Republicans, those votes can roll over any parliamentary trick you might use. Even with the Blood Moon we just had, there are no mystical powers that allow you to roll over them. 
But in the House we still have those 
30, 40, 50 strong conservatives. So how is it that Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader 
MCCONNELL could promise there will 
never, ever be a shutdown? Because, I believe, Speaker B
OEHNER has decided 
to cut a deal with Leader N ANCY  
PELOSI , the leader of the Democrats, 
that this dirty CR is going to be passed out of the Senate and is going to go to the House. The Speaker is going to take it up on the floor and pass it with all the Democrats—just as Leader M
CCONNELL did—and a handful of Re-
publicans who will go with Republican leadership. A very significant percent-age of Republicans will vote no. But here is the problem: Speaker B
OEHNER  
has done that more than once. In this instance, there were too many Repub-licans who were tired of seeing their leadership lead the Democrats rather than lead the Republican Party. 
I believe if Speaker B
OEHNER had 
done that—had passed a dirty CR fund-ing Planned Parenthood, funding this Iranian nuclear deal—he would have lost his speakership. A Member of the House had introduced a motion to va-cate the Chair because House Repub-licans were fed up with their leader not leading—at least not leading their party, leading the Democratic Party. 
So Speaker B
OEHNER faced a conun-
drum. If he did what he and Leader M
CCONNELL promised, which is to fund 
all of Barack Obama’s priorities, he would have lost his job. And so what did he do? He announced that he is re-signing as Speaker and resigning as a Member of Congress. That is unsurprising, but it also telegraphs the deal that he has just cut. It is a deal to surrender and join with the Democrats. Notice he said he is going to stay a month. He is going to stay a month in order to join with the Democrats and fund Barack Obama’s priorities. 
Now let’s talk about some of the sub-
stantive issues that we ought to be talking about. Let’s start with Planned Parenthood. In the past couple of months, a series of videos have come out about Planned Parenthood. To some of the people watching this, you may never have seen the videos. Why is that? Because the mainstream media has engaged in a virtual media black-out on them: ABC, NBC, CBS, the last thing they want to do is show these videos. 
If you watch FOX News, you can see 
the videos. But the mainstream media, in the great tradition of Pravda, wants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.018 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6969 September 28, 2015 
to make sure the citizenry doesn’t see 
what is in these videos. I would encour-age every American—Republican or Democrat—regardless of where you fall on the right to life, even—and, in fact, especially—if you consider yourself pro-choice—to just watch these videos. Go online and watch them and ask yourself: Are these my values? Is this what I believe? 
These videos show senior officials 
from Planned Parenthood laughing, sipping chardonnay and callously har-vesting and selling the body parts of unborn children over and over and over. One senior official was caught on video laughing and saying she hopes she sells enough body parts of unborn children to buy herself a Lamborghini. Again, I would suggest to just ask yourself: Are these my values? 
In another video a lab tech describes 
a little baby boy—unborn, aborted, about 2 pounds, his heart still beating. She was instructed to insert scissors under his chin to cut open the face of this little boy and harvest his brain be-cause the brain was valuable. Planned Parenthood could sell the brain. 
This is something out of ‘‘Brave New 
World.’’ These are human beings. That little boy had a heart that was still beating, had a brain that was being harvested. He had a soul given to him by God Almighty. He was made in the image of God. 
We are now a nation that harvests 
the body parts of little baby boys and girls. It is the very definition of inhu-manity to treat children like agri-culture, to be grown and killed for their body parts, to be sold for profit. There is a reason that the media and the Democrats don’t want these videos shown, because anyone watching these videos will be horrified. 
But they are not just horrific; they 
are also prima facie evidence of crimi-nal activity. There are multiple Fed-eral statutes—criminal statutes—that Planned Parenthood appears to be vio-lating, perhaps on a daily basis. The first and most direct is a prohibition on selling the body parts of unborn children for a profit. Federal criminal law makes that a felony with up to 10 years of jail time. 
Now these videos show them very 
clearly selling body parts. They also show them bartering a price. They will argue it wasn’t for a profit. But you watch these videos. You watch the un-dercover buyer saying: How much will you give me for them? And you see the Planned Parenthood official saying: Well, how much can I get? I don’t want to bargain against myself. 
On its face, that is evidence of bar-
gaining for a profit. If you want the highest price you can get, it is not tied to your costs. It is tied to whatever dollars, whatever revenue you can bring in. Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in the coun-try. As another one of these videos re-flects, it is a volume business—Planned Parenthood—taking the lives of unborn children and then selling them—appar-ently for profit. It is also a Federal 
criminal offense to alter the means of an abortion for the purpose of har-vesting the organs of the unborn child. That is a separate criminal offense. On video after video, you see Planned Par-enthood officials saying: OK. What parts would you like? We can perform a different abortion depending on what parts you want us to harvest. On the videos they essentially admit to this crime. They are filmed in the act. 
There is the third criminal offense 
that provides that you cannot harvest the organs of an unborn child without informed consent from the mother. Yet again these videos seem to indicate that Planned Parenthood treats in-formed consent as a technicality that is sometimes complied with and some-times ignored. 
Now, I will say as an aside that ordi-
narily, when a national organization is caught on film committing a pattern of felonies, the next steps are predictable: The Department of Justice opens an in-vestigation; the FBI shows up and seizes their records. Everything on those videos suggests those felonies are still occurring today. 
What does it say about the Obama 
Justice Department that no one on the face of the planet believes there is any chance the Justice Department would even begin to investigate Planned Par-enthood? What does it say about the most lawless partisan Department of Justice that there is this group that is a political ally of the President, so that is apparently all that matters. If it is an ally of the President, it doesn’t matter that they are videotaped com-mitting a felony. The Department of Justice will not even look at it. 
I am an alumnus of the U.S. Depart-
ment of Justice. I was an Associate Deputy Attorney General. I spent much of my adult life working in law enforcement. The Department of Jus-tice has a long, distinguished record of remaining outside of partisan politics, of staying above the partisan fray, of being blind to party or ideology and simply enforcing the law and the Con-stitution. I am sorry to say that under Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch, the De-partment of Justice has completely be-smirched that tradition. 
No one remotely believes the Obama 
Justice Department will even begin to investigate this pattern of felonies. You don’t see Democrats suggesting it. No one in the media suggests it. And by the way, if this were a Republican administration and the entity that ad-mitted to a pattern of felonies was a private entity that supported Repub-licans, you would see on CBS, NBC, and ABC an indictment clock every night. You would see the anchors saying: When will this investigation be opened? When will they be indicted? Instead, the media pretends these videos don’t exist. 
In the face of what appears to be a 
national criminal enterprise, we are faced here with a much simpler ques-tion: Will we continue to pay for it? Will we continue to pay for it with 
your and my tax dollars? Will we send $500 million a year to a private organi-zation to use to fund this ongoing criminal organization? 
What is the position of the Demo-
crats? Hear no evil, see no evil. They do not care. What Democrat do you see calling for the enforcement of criminal laws against Planned Parenthood? What Democrat do you hear saying, at a minimum, let’s not send taxpayer money to fund this? Not one. Not a sin-gle Democrat stood up and said that. 
Let me ask you, Mr. President, what 
happens if Planned Parenthood gets in-dicted? Because even though the U.S. Department of Justice under President Obama has become little more than a partisan arm of the Democratic Na-tional Committee, there are State and local prosecutors who are investigating Planned Parenthood right now. If Planned Parenthood is indicted, will the Democrats maintain their wall of silence and say: We are going to con-tinue to fund them under indictment. By all indications, that answer is yes. We haven’t heard a single Democrat say: Well, if they are indicted, then we will stop. 
The response from our leadership is 
that we can’t win this fight. That is their response. They say: Well, we can’t win the Planned Parenthood fight. Why? Because we don’t have 60 votes; because we don’t have 67 votes. If that is the standard, then the Repub-lican leadership standard is that we will do only what H
ARRY REIDand 
NANCY PELOSI approve of. That is what 
it means. 
You want to understand why the 
American people are frustrated? We were told: If only we had a Republican House of Representatives, then things would be different. In 2010, millions of us rose up in incredible numbers and won an historic tidal wave election. The Presiding Officer was a youth pas-tor, called to minister, yet he stood up and said: My country is in crisis. I am going to step forward and serve. The 2010 election was historic, yet very lit-tle changed. 
Then we were told: OK. We have a 
House of Representatives, but the prob-lem is the Senate. As long as H
ARRY  
REIDis majority leader, we can’t do 
anything. Over and over again Wash-ington gray beards would go on tele-vision, and in gravelly tones they would say: You cannot govern with one-half of one-third of government. The House of Representatives is not enough, but if we had the Senate, then things would be different. The problem is H
ARRY REID. 
The Presiding Officer will recall dur-
ing the fight over ObamaCare a number of Members of this body—Repub-licans—said: No, no, no, no. We can’t fight on ObamaCare. We have to wait until we have a Republican Senate to fight. So the American people obliged. In 2014, millions of us rose up for the second tidal wave election in a period of 4 years. We won nine Senate seats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.019 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6970 September 28, 2015 
We retired H ARRY REIDas majority 
leader. We won the largest majority in the House of Representatives since the 1920s. 
It has been now over 9 months since 
we have had Republican majorities in both Houses, and I ask: What exactly have those Republican majorities ac-complished? 
I have asked that question all over 
the country in townhalls. I have never been at a townhall where the response, spontaneous, was not absolutely noth-ing. That is true in every State I visit. 
And sadly, my response over and over 
again is: You know, it’s worse than that. I wish the answer were absolutely nothing. It would have been better if the Republican majorities had done ab-solutely nothing because what, in fact, have they done? Well, the very first thing that happened, right after that election in November, is we came back to Washington, and Republican leader-ship joined up with H
ARRY REIDand 
the Democrats and passed a trillion dollar CR omnibus bill that was filled with pork, corporate welfare, and grew government, grew the debt. 
Then Republican leadership took the 
lead in funding ObamaCare. Then Re-publican leadership took the lead in funding Executive amnesty. Then Re-publican leadership took the lead in funding Planned Parenthood. And then, astonishingly, Republican leadership took the lead in confirming Loretta Lynch as Attorney General. 
Now, I ask: Which one of those deci-
sions is one iota different from what would have happened with H
ARRY REID 
and the Democrats in charge of this Chamber? Those decisions are iden-tical. 
And I would note, by the way, with 
Loretta Lynch, the Republican major-ity could have defeated that nomina-tion. The Senate majority leader could have done so. She looked at the Senate Judiciary Committee, and she looked at the Senate, and when asked how she would differ from Eric Holder’s Justice Department—the most lawless and par-tisan Justice Department we would ever see—and she said: No way whatso-ever. When asked to point to a single instance in which she would be willing to stand up to President Obama to stop his lawlessness, to stop his abuse of power, she could not identify any cir-cumstance in which she would ever stand up to the President who ap-pointed her. Attorneys general from both parties have done that, for cen-turies. 
Now, with Eric Holder, the Senate 
could be forgiven because his lawless-ness manifested primarily after he was confirmed. With Loretta Lynch, she told us beforehand. She looked us in the eyes and said: Hey, I am going to do exactly what my predecessor has done. And Republican leadership con-firmed her anyway. 
Is it any wonder the American people 
are frustrated out of their minds? We keep winning elections, and the people we put in office don’t do what they said they would do. Now, some people across the country 
ask me: Is Republican leadership just not very capable? Are they not that competent or are they unwilling to fight? Mr. President, it is neither. They are actually quite competent, and they are willing to fight. The question be-comes what they are fighting for. 
There is a disconnect right now. If 
you or I go to our home State and to any gathering of citizens and we put up a white board and we ask the citizens in the room to give the top priorities they think Republican majorities in Congress should be focusing on, and we wrote the 20 priorities that came from the citizens of Oklahoma or the citi-zens of Texas or, for that matter, the citizens of any of the 50 States, those top 20 priorities—at least 18 of them— would appear nowhere on the leader-ship’s priority list. 
On the other hand, if you drive just 
down the street in Washington to K Street—K Street is the street in Wash-ington where the lobbyists primarily reside, where their offices are—and you get a gathering of corporate lobbyists that represent giant corporations and ask them their top priorities, the list that comes out will not just bear pass-ing similarity but will be identical to the priorities of the Republican leader-ship. That’s the disconnect. 
Do you know why we are not here 
fighting on this? Because not giving taxpayer money to Planned Parent-hood is not among the priorities of the lobbyists on K Street, so leadership is not interested in doing it. That is the disconnect. 
Leadership does know how to fight. 
Just a couple of months ago, in dealing with the Export-Import Bank, we saw leadership in both Chambers go to ex-traordinary lengths with Herculean procedural steps to reauthorize a clas-sic example of corporate welfare—hun-dreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer- guaranteed loans to giant corporations. Now, for that, leadership is incentivized because those corpora-tions hire lobbyists and those lobbyists distribute checks, typically by the wheelbarrow. 
There is no incentive greater in this 
body than getting reelected, and the view of leadership is that you get re-elected by raking in the cash. How do you think we have gotten an $18 tril-lion national debt? Because the way you reach bipartisan compromise in this body today, in the broken world of Washington, is you grow and grow and grow government, and you sit around in a room and say: I will spend for your priority, your priority, your priority— another trillion dollars and we are done. 
The only people to lose are your chil-
dren and mine. The only people to lose are the next generations who find themselves mired deeper and deeper and deeper in debt. I think of my little girls Caroline and Catherine. They are 7 and 4. If we don’t stop what we are doing, your children and my children will face a debt so crushing they will not be able to spend in the future for 
the priorities of the future—for their needs, for their wants, for whatever crises come up that the next genera-tion confronts. They will spend their whole lives simply working to pay off the debts racked up by their deadbeat parents and grandparents. No genera-tion in history has ever done this to their children and grandchildren. Our parents didn’t do it to us. Their parents didn’t do it to them. The reason is the corruption of this town, and it boils down to a simple proposition: The Democrats are willing to do anything to push their priorities, and the Repub-licans, the leadership, are not listening to the men and women who elected us. 
But it is actually an even deeper 
problem than that. On the Democratic side, the major donors that fund the Democratic Party, they don’t despise their base. The billionaires who write the giant checks that fund President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and the Demo-crats on that side of the aisle don’t de-spise the radical gay rights movement or the radical environmentalist move-ment or all the people who knock on doors and get Democrats elected. The simple reality is a very large percent-age of the Republican donors actively despise our base—actively despise the men and women who showed up and voted you and me into office. I can tell you, when you sit down and talk with a New York billionaire Republican donor—and I have talked with quite a few New York billionaire Republican donors, California Republican donors— their questions start out as follows. First of all, you have to come out for gay marriage, you need to be pro- choice, and you need to support am-nesty. That is where the Republican donors are. You wonder why Repub-licans will not fight on any of these issues? Because the people writing the checks agree with the Democrats. 
Now mind you, the people who show 
up at the polls who elected you and me and who elected this Republican major-ity—far too many of the Republican donors look down on those voters as a 
bunch of ignorant hicks and rubes. It is why leadership likes show votes. 
It wasn’t too long ago when the 
Washington cartel was able to mask it all with a show vote or two, and they told the rubes back home: See, we voted on it; we just don’t have the votes. 
When I was first elected to this body, 
many times I heard more senior Sen-ators saying some variation of the fol-lowing: Now, T
ED, that is what you tell 
folks back home. You don’t actually do it. 
Here is what has changed. The voters 
have gotten more informed. They now understand the difference between show votes and a real vote. They un-derstand the vote we had 1 week ago on Planned Parenthood was designed to lose, to placate those silly folks who think we shouldn’t be sending taxpayer funds to a criminal organization that is selling the body parts of unborn chil-dren. But on the actual vote that could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.021 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6971 September 28, 2015 
change policy, leadership has no inter-
est in fighting whatsoever. 
In the past couple of weeks, one of 
my colleagues sent me a letter that really embodied the leadership mes-sage. This letter said: ‘‘Explain to me how you get 67 votes to defund Planned Parenthood. If you can’t produce 67 votes, I won’t support it.’’ If that is our standard, then we should all be honest 
with the men and women who elected us: We do not have 67 Republican votes in this Chamber, and there is no real-istic prospect of our getting 67 votes any time in the foreseeable future. If the standard is, unless we get 67 votes, Republican leadership will support no policy issue, then each of us when we run should tell the voters: If you vote for me, I will support whatever policy agenda H
ARRY REIDand N ANCY PELOSI  
decide because that is my standard. If I don’t have 67 votes—do you ever re-call H
ARRY REIDand the Democrats 
saying: How can we get Republican votes? No. Their side is absolutely committed to their principles. You don’t see them holding back at all. 
If the standard is, how do we get 67 
votes, name one thing that leadership will fight for. Well, the answer I men-tioned, the three types of votes are they will fight for big government, they will fight to grow government, and they will fight to expand corporate welfare. Well, that can indeed get 67 votes. But I have never been to a town-hall once where citizens said to me: The problem is we don’t have enough corporate welfare. I need more sub-sidies for Big Business. If 100 percent of the agenda of Republican leadership is more subsidies for Big Business, what the heck are we doing in the Senate in the first place? That certainly wasn’t why I ran, and I know it wasn’t why you ran either. You don’t have to win every fight, you don’t have to fight every fight, but you do have to stand for something. 
Let’s look beyond Planned Parent-
hood for a minute. Let’s look to Iran. Of all the decisions the Obama admin-istration has made, there may be none more damaging than this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal. If this deal goes through, there will be three con-sequences: No. 1, the Obama adminis-tration will become, quite literally, the world’s leading financier of radical Is-lamic terrorists. Now, when I said that a couple months ago, President Obama got very, very upset. He said it was ri-diculous that I would say such a thing, but despite attacking me directly, President Obama didn’t actually en-deavor to refute the substance of what I said. 
So let’s review the facts: Fact No. 1, 
Iran is today the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. That fact is un-disputed even by this administration. Fact No. 2, if this deal goes through, over $100 billion will go directly to Iran to the Ayatollah Khamenei. Fact No. 3, if that happens, billions of those dol-lars will go to Hamas, to Hezbollah, to the Houthis, to radical Islamic terror-ists across the globe who will use those 
billions to murder Americans, to mur-der Israelis, and to murder Europeans. 
It is worth remembering, 14 years ago 
this month, the horrific terrorist at-tack that was carried out on Sep-tember 11. Osama bin Laden hated America, but he never had billions of dollars. He never had $100 billion. The Ayatollah Khamenei hates America every bit as much as Osama bin Laden did, and this administration is giving him control of over $100 billion. Imag-ine what bin Laden could have done. Look at the damage he did with 19 ter-rorists carrying box cutters. Now imag-ine that same zealotry with billions of dollars behind it. The consequences of this deal could easily be another ter-rorist attack that dwarfs September 11 in scale, that kills far more than the roughly 3,000 lives that were snuffed out. Who in their right mind would send over $100 billion to a theocratic zealot who chants ‘‘Death to Amer-ica’’? 
A second consequence of his cata-
strophic deal is that we are abandoning four hostages—four American hos-tages—in Iranian jails: Pastor Saeed Abedini, an American citizen whose wife Naghmeh lives in Idaho. I have visited with Naghmeh many times. Pastor Saeed has two little kids who desperately want their daddy to come home. Pastor Saeed was sentenced to 8 years in prison for the crime of preach-ing the Gospel. Just last week was the 3-year anniversary of Pastor Saeed’s imprisonment. Reports are that he is being horribly mistreated, that his health is failing, and yet President Obama cannot bring himself to utter the words ‘‘Pastor Saeed Abedini’’— $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, and Pastor Saeed Abedini remains in prison. 
Also in prison is Amir Hekmati, an 
American marine the President has abandoned. Also in prison is Jason Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter— I note to the reporters in the Gallery, a colleague of yours—abandoned by President Obama in an Iranian prison, thrown in jail for doing his job, report-ing on the news—and Robert Levinson, whose whereabouts remain unknown. 
Why is the President refusing to even 
utter their names? 
The third consequence of this deal is 
this deal will only accelerate Iran ac-quiring nuclear weapons. 
The administration claims the deal 
will prevent Iran from acquiring nu-clear weapons. Why? Because they promised not to do it. We have learned from Iran, they break their promises over and over and over again. And what we do know is that they will have an extra $100 billion to develop nuclear weapons. Now, I will say the adminis-tration laughingly suggested: Well, they will use that on infrastructure, to rebuild their roads, to rebuild their en-ergy industry. Right now they are sending vast sums to Hamas and Hezbollah, funding terrorism across the world, and they have those same infra-structure needs. With another $100 bil-
lion, you don’t think they are going to funnel an awful lot of it to developing nuclear weapons? 
I would point out, it is not by acci-
dent that the Ayatollah Khamenei re-fers to Israel as the Little Satan and America as the Great Satan. This is the one threat on the face of the Earth that poses a real possibility of millions of Americans being murdered in the flash of an eye. 
Everything I am saying the Repub-
lican leadership has said over and over again. Yet Republican leadership re-fuses to enforce the terms of the Iran review legislation—Federal law that the administration is defying by not handing over the entire deal. I have laid out a clear path, a detailed path that leadership can follow to stop this deal, and leadership refuses to do so. Instead, we had a show vote that was designed to lose, and it did exactly what we expected. The Democrats, by and large, put party loyalty above the national security of this country, above standing with our friend and ally the nation of Israel, above protecting the lives of millions of Americans. 
If we truly believed what so many of 
us have said, that this poses the risk of murdering millions of Americans, is there any higher priority? The most powerful constitutional tool Congress has is the power of the purse. If we had the ability to stop this deal—and we don’t—and millions of Americans die, how do we explain that to the men and women who elected us? 
I am not advocating that we fight 
willy-nilly. I am advocating that we fight on things that matter. Don’t give $500 million to Planned Parenthood, a corrupt organization that is taking the lives of vast numbers of unborn chil-dren and selling their body parts, in a criminal conspiracy, directly contrary to Federal law. Don’t give $100 billion to the Ayatollah Khamenei, who seeks to murder millions. In both instances, those are defending life. Yet Repub-lican leadership is not willing to lift a finger. If only all the people who might be murdered by a nuclear weapon could create a PAC in Washington and hire some lobbyists, maybe leadership would listen to them. But the truck-driver at home, the waitress at home, the schoolteacher at home, the pastor, the police officer, the working men and women—the Washington cartel does not listen to them. 
I will note where this deal is headed. 
In December, when this dirty con-tinuing resolution expires, leadership is already foreshadowing that they plan to bust the budget caps. Why? We talked about it at the beginning. Barack Obama has discovered that when he says the word ‘‘shutdown,’’ the Republican leadership screams, surren-ders, and runs to the hills. Obama, un-derstanding that quite well, says: If you don’t bust the budget caps, I will shut the government down. 
In this bizarre process, Republican 
leadership will blame whatever Obama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.023 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6972 September 28, 2015 
does on other Republicans. You noticed 
how much energy leader McConnell de-votes to attacking conservatives? You notice how much energy Speaker B
OEH-
NER devotes to attacking conserv-
atives? Just yesterday the Speaker of the House went on national television, and on national television he directed an obscene epithet at me personally. He is welcome to insult whomever he likes. I don’t intend to reciprocate. But when has leadership ever shown that level of venom, that level of animosity to President Obama and the Democrats who are bankrupting this country, who are destroying the Constitution, who are endangering the future of our chil-dren and grandchildren, who are re-treating from leadership and the world, and who have created an environment that has led to the rise of radical Is-lamic terrorists? 
One of the dynamics we have seen in 
fight after fight is that H
ARRY REID 
and the Democrats sit back and laugh. Why? Because it is Republican leader-ship that leads the onslaught, attack-ing conservatives, saying: No, you can’t, and we will not do anything to stop ObamaCare. No, you can’t, and we will not do anything to stop amnesty. No, you can’t, and we will not do any-thing to stop Planned Parenthood. No, you can’t, and we will not do anything to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. 
If Republican leadership really be-
lieves we can accomplish nothing, then why does it matter if you have a Re-publican House or Senate? Every 2 years come October, November, we tell the voters it matters intensely. To par-aphrase the immortal words of Hillary Clinton, what difference does it make if the standard for Republican leader-ship is, anything that gets 67 votes we will support. That means H
ARRY REID 
and N ANCY PELOSI remain the de facto 
leaders of the Senate and the House. 
I would note, by the way, if leader-
ship goes through with their sugges-tion to bust the budget caps, they will have done something astonishing. His-torically, the three legs of the conserv-ative stool have been fiscal conserv-atives, social conservatives, and na-tional security conservatives. Between Planned Parenthood, Iran, and the budget caps, leadership will have man-aged to abandon all three. No wonder the American people are frustrated. No wonder the American people do not un-derstand why leadership isn’t listening to them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s postcloture time has expired. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that my time be ex-tended. 
The Democrats are objecting to my 
speaking further, and both the Demo-crats and Republican leadership are ob-jecting to the American people speak-ing further. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of calendar Nos. 196 and 197 and all nominations on the Sec-retary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, and Navy; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the grade indicated in the United States Coast Guard as a member of the Coast Guard Permanent Commissioned Teaching Staff under title 14, U.S.C., section 188: 
To be lieutenant commander 
Brian J. Maggi 
The following named officers of the United 
States Coast Guard for appointment as mem-bers of the Permanent Commissioned Teach-ing Staff and appointment in the grades indi-cated under title 14, U.S.C., section 188: 
To be commander 
Anna W. Hickey 
To be lieutenant 
Kimberly C. Young-McLear 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN783 AIR FORCE nomination of Kyle J. 
Weld, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2015. 
PN804 AIR FORCE nominations (3) begin-
ning KATHLEEN E. AKERS, and ending SAIPRASAD M. ZEMSE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN806 AIR FORCE nominations (11) begin-
ning PAUL R. BREZINSKI, and ending THOMAS E. WILLIFORD, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 9, 2015. 
PN809 MR FORCE nominations (30) begin-
ning DWAYNE A. BACA, and ending LIANA LUCAS VOGEL, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN812 AIR FORCE nominations (45) begin-
ning RENI B. ANGELOVA, and ending GRANT W. WISNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN813 AIR FORCE nominations (101) begin-
ning DAVID R. ALANIZ, and ending DEVON L. WENTZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN814 AIR FORCE nomination of John M. 
Gooch, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 9, 2015. PN815 AIR FORCE nomination of Herman 
W. Dykes, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN785 ARMY nominations (259) beginning 
JONATHAN S. ACKISS, and ending D012659, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN786 ARMY nominations (357) beginning 
MICHAEL H. ADORJAN, and ending G010310, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN787 ARMY nominations (420) beginning 
MATTHEW T. ADAMCZYK, and ending D012593, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN788 ARMY nomination of Gregory I. 
Kelts, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2015. 
PN789 ARMY nominations (8) beginning 
STEPHEN H. COOPER, and ending DAVID G. WORTMAN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN790 ARMY nomination of Lesley A. 
Watts, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2015. 
PN818 ARMY nomination of Kirby R. 
Gross, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 9, 2015. 
PN819 ARMY nomination of Franchesca M. 
Desriviere, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN820 ARMY nomination of Jerry L. 
Tolbert, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN821 ARMY nomination of Christopher R. 
Forsythe, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN822 ARMY nomination of Francis G. 
Maresco, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN851 ARMY nominations (258) beginning 
DAVID S. ABRAHAMS, and ending D012627, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN852 ARMY nominations (176) beginning 
STEPHANIE R. AHERN, and ending G010384, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN853 ARMY nominations (115) beginning 
CHRISTOPHER W. ABBOTT, and ending D011026, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN854 ARMY nomination of Neil I. Nelson, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 16, 2015. 
PN855 ARMY nomination of Benjamin J. 
Bigelow, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN791 NAVY nominations (7) beginning 
ENRIQUE R. ASUNCION, and ending TIM-OTHY J. SAXON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN792 NAVY nominations (38) beginning 
CHRISTIAN J. AUGER, and ending CHES-TER J. WYCKOFF, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.025 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6973 September 28, 2015 
PN793 NAVY nominations (44) beginning 
CARA M. ADDISON, and ending JOEL A. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN794 NAVY nominations (59) beginning 
OLUWAFADEKEMI N. ADEWETAN, and ending JUSTIN I. WATSON, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 8, 2015. 
PN795 NAVY nominations (89) beginning 
FREDERIC ALBESA, and ending FRANZ J. YU, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN796 NAVY nominations (92) beginning 
MARICAR S. ABERIN, and ending CARDIA M. WILSON, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN797 NAVY nominations (104) beginning 
JAMES P. ADWELL, and ending MARESA C. J. ZENNER, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN798 NAVY nominations (203) beginning 
RICHARD R. ABITRIA, and ending DAVID J. ZELINSKAS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN799 NAVY nomination of Michelle D. 
Carter, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 8, 2015. 
PN823 NAVY nomination of Regine 
Reimers, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN824 NAVY nomination of Joel V. Finny, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 9, 2015. 
PN825 NAVY nomination of Ernest C. Lee, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 9, 2015. 
PN826 NAVY nomination of Natalia C. 
Henriquez, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 9, 2015. 
PN857 NAVY nominations (841) beginning 
WHITNEY A. ABRAHAM, and ending BETH-ANY R. ZMITROVICH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN858 NAVY nominations (44) beginning 
REBECCA K. ADAMS, and ending MICHAEL L. ZUEHLKE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN859 NAVY nominations (19) beginning 
CHRISTOPHER M. BADE, and ending CAS-SANDRA M. SISTI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN860 NAVY nominations (15) beginning 
JAMIE P. DRAGE, and ending RICHARD M. YATES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN861 NAVY nominations (15) beginning 
JASON M. BAUMAN, and ending MARK A. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN862 NAVY nominations (12) beginning 
JOSHUA A. AISEN, and ending SCOTT M. THORNBURY, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN863 NAVY nominations (11) beginning 
RICHARD S. CHERNITZER, and ending BETH A. TEACH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN864 NAVY nominations (3) beginning 
NICHOLAS A. DENISON, and ending THEO-DORE J. STOW, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN865 NAVY nominations (168) beginning 
TRAVIS C. ADAMS, and ending ANTONIO ZUBIA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN866 NAVY nominations (57) beginning 
MICHAEL K. ALLEN, and ending JERRY W. WYRICK, II, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN867 NAVY nominations (52) beginning 
BRIELLE L. ADAMOVICH, and ending RICHARD S. ZIBA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN868 NAVY nominations (38) beginning 
GILBERT R. BAUGHN, and ending SERGIO B. WOODEN, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
PN869 NAVY nomination of Gregory A. 
Grubbs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 16, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SOUTHERN NE-VADA GROUP OF THE SIERRA CLUB 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise to 
recognize the 50th anniversary of the Southern Nevada Group of the Sierra Club. 
The Southern Nevada Group of the 
Sierra Club was established in 1965 and encompasses Clark, Lincoln, Nye, Esmerelda, and White Pine Counties. During that time, its membership has helped shape Nevada’s future by hon-oring the pristine beauty of Nevada. 
Today, Nevadans and visitors from 
around the country travel to southern Nevada to see the life, history, and cul-ture of the Silver State. The Southern Nevada Group of the Sierra Club has worked tirelessly to protect places, such as the Great Basin National Park, the Spring Mountain National Recre-ation Area, the Sloan Canyon and Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Areas, and the recently designated Tule Springs Fossil Beds and Basin and Range National Monuments. These spe-cial places have inspired tens of mil-lions of people and will continue to in-spire our children and grandchildren. The Sierra Club has also been key to the protection of millions of acres of pristine landscapes as wilderness in southern and eastern Nevada. Today, the Sierra Club’s dedication to Nevada continues in its efforts to protect 
treasured sites that highlight Nevada’s unique geological and cultural history, including Gold Butte. 
These wonderful parts of Nevada are 
owned by everyone, and their protec-tion has helped solidify Nevada’s status as a world class destination. The progress the Southern Nevada Group has made to protect these wonderful parts of Nevada continues through its work to fully realize Nevada’s clean en-ergy potential. These efforts notably began with opposition to the construc-tion of new coal plants in White Pine County. More recently, the Southern Nevada Group teamed with the Moapa Band of Paiutes and others to support meaningful legislation that resulted in the closure of the Reid-Gardner coal plant and its replacement with clean energy. 
I have been gratified to work with 
the Southern Nevada Group on so many of these efforts and was honored earlier this year to receive the Sierra Club’s Edgar Wayburn Award. I com-mend the Southern Nevada Group of the Sierra Club on their 50 years of suc-cess and wish the organization contin-ued success in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE 160TH 
BIRTHDAY OF MILLER BREWING 
∑Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, as the 
son of a former general manager of a brewery and a loyal customer I wish to acknowledge the founding of a true American success story, Miller Brew-ing, and to congratulate it on the occa-sion of its historic 160th anniversary celebration. 
In 1855, just a few years after Wis-
consin joined the Union, 30-year old Frederick J. Miller brought his brew-ing passion from his native Germany to the United States, taking over what was then the Plank Road Brewery in Milwaukee. Now, 160 years later, Mil-waukee is known worldwide as Brew City, and the company he founded is celebrating the accomplishments of this young, brash entrepreneurial brewmaster who turned a pocketful of yeast into a global beer brewing icon. From its founding, through its expan-
sions and partnerships, Miller Brewing has become a quintessential success story, having forever woven itself into the fabric of American society and cul-ture. 
As Miller Brewing celebrates its 
160th anniversary, guests from around the world have come to Milwaukee to hear and read stories of a young Fred-erick Miller. Each week the company is highlighting a different era from Miller’s storied past, and visitors to the historic Miller Valley plant can even taste a sample of 1855 celebration Lager during brewery tours. Earlier this month, I toured Miller’s Mil-waukee brewery and enjoyed some of the same sights and smells I experi-enced as a young boy hanging around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.021 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6974 September 28, 2015 
the small brewery managed by my fa-
ther. 
After decades of continued success, 
Miller joined with Colorado-based Coors in 2008, thus combining more than 300 years of brewing heritage. Op-erating out of eight breweries in eight States, the most talented and profes-sional brewmasters in the world now provide beer drinkers in America with a portfolio of beers that are second to none. But, Miller Brewing and MillerCoors are more than the product they make; they are greater than the sum of their parts. They are economic engines in Wisconsin, Colorado, and throughout the country, providing family-supporting jobs to more than 8,000 employees nationwide. Because of their presence, over $5 billion is in-jected in the economy each year, money that is spent on goods and serv-ices, and which helps support the busi-nesses of thousands of suppliers. Miller pays more than $1 billion annually in State, local and Federal taxes. 
As they celebrate the past 160 years, 
current employees are taking note of the efforts made by the earliest em-ployees of Miller Brewing, who knew the importance of civic leadership and sustainable business practices. We see those traditions continue today, as Miller Brewing and MillerCoors remain a deeply rooted presence in the com-munities in which they brew and sell their beer. Support of local charities and responsible consumption programs, and efforts to reduce water and energy usage and waste are only a few exam-ples of how the company proves itself to be a valuable corporate citizen. 
Frederick J. Miller arrived in Mil-
waukee with a passion and ambition. He committed himself to brew ‘‘confoundedly good beers’’ with ‘‘un-compromising quality.’’ After founding Miller Brewing Company in 1855, he worked hard to achieve that goal. For the past 160 years, millions of Ameri-cans have reaped the benefits of his ef-forts, one bottle, one can, or one glass at a time. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BEVERLY C. 
DAGGETT 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today we 
solemnly remember Senator Beverly Daggett. A dedicated public servant, Beverly died on September 6, 2015, 3 days before her 70th birthday, after a valiant, lifelong battle with kidney dis-ease. Bev will be remembered for her dedication to her family, community, and State. The State of Maine has lost a woman of true integrity, and she will be greatly missed. 
Bev was an exceptionally intelligent 
and hard-working woman who found countless successes in life. She began her tenure in the Maine House of Rep-resentatives in 1987 as a member of the 113th legislature. She served in the Maine House of Representatives from 1987 through 1996 and in the Maine Sen-ate from 1997 through 2004. In the Sen-ate, Bev rose to leadership as the Sen-ate Democratic leader in 2000. She 
worked closely with members on both sides of the aisle to achieve the his-toric power-sharing deal that stemmed from the Senate’s first ever partisan tie. 
In 2002, in recognition of her strong 
leadership, her colleagues elected Bev-erly Daggett to serve as the first woman President of the Maine Senate. 
Bev’s dedication to community was 
obvious as she served in countless ways other than her political activities. Sen-ator Daggett was also Kennebec Coun-ty Commissioner for several terms. She served for 25 years on the Board of Cri-sis and Counseling, culminating in her role as board chair. She also sat on the school board and was a member of the Green Street United Methodist Church, where she was a substitute organist. Above all else, Beverly was a devoted wife, mother, and friend. 
I had the honor of working with Bev-
erly during my time as the Governor of Maine and witnessed firsthand her strong leadership and commitment to the betterment of Maine. I am deeply saddened by her passing and would like to join her friends and family in re-flecting on her many life accomplish-ments and honor her memory. 
Beverly will be remembered for her 
deep and abiding faith, her leadership, encouragement of those around her, ceaseless advocacy for those without a voice, sense of humor, and wisdom. Her firm devotion to the betterment of Maine will never be forgotten. I, along with all the people of Maine, am thank-ful for her immeasurable contributions to our State and the Nation. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:33 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 348. An act to provide for improved 
coordination of agency actions in the prepa-ration and adoption of environmental docu-ments for permitting determinations, and for other purposes. 
At 6:21 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2051) to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 6:42 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 261. An act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse. 
S. 994. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New 
Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1707. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 348. An act to provide for improved 
coordination of agency actions in the prepa-ration and adoption of environmental docu-ments for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2089. A bill to provide for investment in 
clean energy, to empower and protect con-sumers, to modernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: 
S. 766. A bill to limit the retrieval of data 
from vehicle event data recorders, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–147). 
By Mr. ISAKSON, from the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title: 
S. 627. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–148). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
TILLIS ): 
S. 2083. A bill to extend the deadline for 
commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and 
Mr. C OTTON ): 
S. 2084. A bill to amend the National Labor 
Relations Act to modify the authority of the National Labor Relations Board with respect to rulemaking, issuance of complaints, and authority over unfair labor practices; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 2085. A bill to clarify that nonprofit or-
ganizations such as Habitat for Humanity may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.018 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6975 September 28, 2015 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C RUZ, and 
Mr. R UBIO): 
S. 2086. A bill to prohibit the lifting of 
sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. MORAN: 
S. 2087. A bill to modify the boundary of 
the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 2088. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. 
R
EID, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. 
WARREN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. R EED, Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. K ING, 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. 
BOXER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND ): 
S. 2089. A bill to provide for investment in 
clean energy, to empower and protect con-sumers, to modernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other pur-poses; read the first time. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2090. A bill to ensure that Social Secu-
rity contributions made by workers are available to pay all benefits which they have earned; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ): 
S. Res. 271. A resolution recognizing the 
100th anniversary of Dinosaur National Monument and designating October 4, 2015, as ‘‘Dinosaur National Monument Day’’; con-sidered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
71, a bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality to-wards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects. S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 618 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 618, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 relative to the pow-ers of the Department of Justice In-spector General. 
S. 628 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify pre-sumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 774, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Financial Institutions Examina-tion Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 812, a bill to en-hance the ability of community finan-cial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase indi-vidual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the 
September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ), the Senator 
from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MORAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
928, supra. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1140, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Army and the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regulation revis-ing the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1446 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1446, a bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot pro-gram to address human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 1779 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1779, a bill to prevent conflicts of interest that stem from executive Government employees receiving bo-nuses or other compensation arrange-ments from nongovernment sources, from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of fi-nancial services regulators, and from the revolving door that casts asper-sions over the awarding of Government contracts and other financial benefits. 
S. 1818 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1818, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agencies. 
S. 1820 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. A YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1820, a bill to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.006 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6976 September 28, 2015 
agencies to publish an advance notice 
of proposed rule making for major rules. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family therapist services and men-tal health counselor services under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1833, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2009 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2009, a bill to prohibit the sale of arms to Bahrain. 
S. 2015 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH) and the Senator from Ala-
bama (Mr. S ESSIONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2015, a bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Relations Act. 
S. 2028 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2028, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act, to advance the ability of credit unions to promote small busi-ness growth and economic development opportunities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2042, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to strength-en protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. S. 2043 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2043, a bill to revise coun-seling requirements for certain bor-rowers of student loans and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ), the Senator from North 
Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ) and the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and develop-ment of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to en-courage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to en-hance the quality and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. RES. 222 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 222, a resolution express-ing the sense of the Senate that the Federation Internationale de Football Association should immediately elimi-nate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dig-nity. 
S. RES. 267 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) and the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL) were added as cosponsors of S. 
Res. 267, a resolution expressing sup-port for the continuation of the Fed-eral Perkins Loan program. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. W AR-
REN, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 2090. A bill to ensure that Social 
Security contributions made by work-ers are available to pay all benefits which they have earned; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to 
take a few minutes today to discuss the enormous importance of America’s most critical safety net program—So-cial Security. In particular, I want to talk about the Social Security Dis-ability Insurance program and intro-duce a proposal to secure the financing 
of Social Security. Of all the strands woven together in America’s safety net, disability insurance is one of the 
most successful at keeping vulnerable people in Oregon and across the coun-try out of poverty. It is a vital lifeline for people who suffer from catastrophic illnesses or disabilities, including a million veterans. The time has come for Congress to take an expected but important step to preserve Social Se-curity’s strength into the future. 
The trust fund for the disability in-
surance portion of Social Security is set to be depleted in 2016. This doesn’t mean the program will stop paying benefits but does mean that it will only have dedicated tax revenue to pay about 80 percent of benefits. This isn’t a late-breaking crisis; this is some-thing that Congress has anticipated for more than two decades. And it is a sim-ple issue to resolve. 
For a defined-benefit system like So-
cial Security, it is not unusual to ad-just the dials of funding between the retirement program and the disability program as needed. That way, the en-tire program remains as strong as pos-sible. Benefits go out in full and on time. Nobody in Oregon or elsewhere is stuck in limbo, worrying about sud-denly being unable to make rent or pay the bills. 
Congress has adjusted resources 
within Social Security 11 times and has shifted funding both to and from the disability insurance program. The last time it did, in 1994, it set the disability insurance program on strong footing for about 20 years. That is the practical way to strengthen disability insurance for the future. I am introducing legisla-tion today along with 27 colleagues that would do just that, and Ways and Means Ranking Member L
EVIN is intro-
ducing a similar measure in the House of Representatives. 
This is a straightforward, common-
sense proposal supported by a number of prominent advocates for Americans with disabilities, including the Na-tional Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare, the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities Social Se-curity Task Force, Social Security Works, and the Strengthen Social Se-curity Coalition. 
Despite that, there are some mem-
bers of Congress who are ringing false alarm bells and insisting on changes to the program that may be harmful to workers and beneficiaries. They make the misguided case that disability in-surance is plagued by fraud or that it is a big giveaway. That is not the case— as I will explain in a moment. 
The reason I am introducing this leg-
islation now is the House of Represent-atives has adopted a rule that prevents a clean reallocation of funding between the retirement and disability pro-grams. I want to make sure that harm-ful changes to these programs are not included in end-of-year or other must- pass legislation. 
In my view, there are opportunities 
to further strengthen Social Security, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.008 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6977 September 28, 2015 
and I believe the Congress should be 
open to policies that would not harm workers and beneficiaries. However, it is important that Congress not take any action that would reduce protec-tions for those who desire to attempt work, add more complexity in benefits or administration, or rig up another trust fund depletion scenario. There have been some ideas thrown around that don’t pass those tests. 
As Congress debates the future of dis-
ability insurance, it is important to get the facts straight. First, the Social Security Administration makes stop-ping program fraud and abuse a top pri-ority. Disability insurance payments are more than 99 percent accurate, due in no small part to the agency’s robust efforts to combat waste, fraud, and abuse. 
For example, the agency uses a high-
ly effective method of preventing im-proper payments called ‘‘continuing disability reviews,’’ which returns $9 in savings for every dollar invested. The agency has demonstrated that it can do this important work when we here in Congress provide it with sufficient re-sources. 
In addition, let me be clear: nobody 
is getting rich off of disability insur-ance. The benefits average just over $1,100 a month, which is slightly over the individual poverty level. If SSDI went away, half of the families receiv-ing benefits would fall into poverty. 
And it is important to recognize that 
the qualifications for disability insur-ance are strict, which means only those who are so impaired they can’t perform substantial work receive bene-fits. The program is not a giveaway. Workers earn coverage by paying into the program. Less than 40 percent of applications for disability insurance are approved, even after appeals. The people who qualify suffer from severe medical conditions that have derailed their lives and left them extremely vulnerable. In my view, it is deeply un-fair to delay the simple changes that will keep the disability insurance pro-gram running for years to come. 
One year ago, the Finance Com-
mittee heard testimony from a woman named Stephanie Dempsey who suf-fered from debilitating chronic ill-nesses and received disability insur-ance benefits. Stephanie’s long list of health problems began in her late twenties, when she was diagnosed with a hereditary heart disease. She had quadruple bypass surgery at age 30. Over the following years, she had 27 stents placed in her arteries over the course of several more operations. That enormous burden was compounded by Lupus, arthritis, and a seizure disorder. A mountain of prescription bottles was stacked on the witness table the day Stephanie came before the Finance Committee. 
As Stephanie told us, she wanted to 
work, but her illnesses made it impos-sible. Rather than sliding backward into poverty or having to rely entirely on others to stay afloat, disability in-surance benefits helped cover the bills. I am sorry to say that Stephanie 
passed away in December. But there are vulnerable people across the coun-try who rely on disability insurance in the same way Stephanie did. On the Social Security Administration’s website is a page where many of these individuals have shared their stories. 
Let me tell you about three other in-
dividuals who rely on disability insur-ance: Charlotte, Christine, and Carrie. 
Charlotte was working three jobs and 
pursuing her degree in social work when she suffered two strokes in 2007. After the strokes, Charlotte now has trouble getting around and climbing steps. She gets help from her niece with day-to-day chores. She says dis-ability insurance keeps her from be-coming homeless and helps her pay her bills, afford her medications, and keep food on the table. 
Christine has a disorder of the nerv-
ous system that has left her in a wheel-chair. Her disability insurance benefits give her independence. She said that without Social Security, she would be stuck in a nursing home, but instead, she is able to be a productive citizen. 
Carrie is a mother who suffers from 
multiple sclerosis, MS. She worked in the insurance industry and shrugged off the early symptoms of her MS. But the fatigue and forgetfulness grew, and she became unable to work. Carrie’s Social Security benefits help her fam-ily pay for food, clothes, and school supplies. 
Mr. President, these individuals and 
millions more across the country have earned their benefits, and they are re-lying on Congress to keep both parts of Social Security running at full strength. I urge my colleagues to work on a bipartisan basis to ensure that benefits continue in full and as prom-ised, to guarantee that millions of vul-nerable Americans remain protected. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 271—RECOG-
NIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF DINOSAUR NATIONAL MONU-MENT AND DESIGNATING OCTO-BER 4, 2015, AS ‘‘DINOSAUR NA-TIONAL MONUMENT DAY’’ 
Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 271 
Whereas in 1909, paleontologist Earl Doug-
lass discovered the world-famous Carnegie Quarry, a remarkable window to the dino-saurs of the late Jurassic period; 
Whereas on October 4, 1915, President 
Woodrow Wilson established Dinosaur Na-tional Monument by Presidential Proclama-tion Number 1313 (39 Stat. 1752), which pre-served the deposits of extraordinary dinosaur fossils; 
Whereas on July 14, 1938, President Frank-
lin D. Roosevelt enlarged Dinosaur National Monument by Presidential Proclamation Number 2290 (53 Stat. 2454), to include the Green and Yampa River canyon country in order to protect additional land of historical 
and scientific interest; 
Whereas October 4, 2015, marks the 100th 
anniversary of the establishment of Dinosaur National Monument; 
Whereas Dinosaur National Monument is a 
State and national treasure that attracts hundreds of thousands of visitors each year and benefits national, State, and local economies by generating millions of dollars in revenue; 
Whereas Dinosaur National Monument has 
the most complete geological record of any unit of the National Park System; 
Whereas Dinosaur National Monument pro-
tects more than 210,000 acres of exceptionally diverse communities of plants and animals, including bears, mountain lions, bighorn sheep, moose, elk, otters, and beavers; 
Whereas Dinosaur National Monument 
contains the lower section of the Yampa River, and the confluence of the Yampa and Green Rivers within Dinosaur National Monument provides outstanding scientific opportunities to observe and study the ef-fects of the Rivers; 
Whereas Dinosaur National Monument pre-
serves and protects significant archae-ological evidence of the prehistoric Fremont Indians, providing an excellent opportunity for research and education; 
Whereas the National Park Service will 
continue the long tradition of preserving and protecting Dinosaur National Monument for years to come, providing access to the wil-derness and wildlife within Dinosaur Na-tional Monument for generations of Ameri-cans; and 
Whereas on October 4, 2015, the National 
Park Service intends to celebrate the start of the next century of stewardship for Dino-saur National Monument: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates and celebrates Dinosaur 
National Monument on the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the monument; 
(2) encourages all people of Colorado, Utah, 
and the United States to visit that unique national treasure; and 
(3) designates October 4, 2015, as Dinosaur 
National Monument Day. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2701. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 719, to require the 
Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regula-tions regarding criminal investigator posi-tions, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2702. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 719, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2703. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the bill H.R. 719, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2701. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
bill H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28SE6.003 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6978 September 28, 2015 
positions, and for other purposes; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . (a) For the 1-year period be-
ginning on the date of enactment of this Act, no funds authorized or appropriated by Fed-eral law may be made available for any pur-pose to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, or to any of its affiliates, subsidi-aries, successors, or clinics. 
(b) Nothing in this Act shall be construed 
to— 
(1) affect any limitation contained in an 
appropriations Act relating to abortion; or 
(2) reduce overall Federal funding available 
in support of women’s health. 
S
EC. llll . (a) None of the funds appro-
priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for— 
(1) any activity to implement the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action that involves waiving, suspending, or terminating sanc-tions imposed with respect to Iran, or 
(2) any assessed contribution of the United 
States to the United Nations, 
until the President transmits to the appro-
priate congressional committees and leader-ship, in accordance with section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (22 U.S.C. 2160e) an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, any other agreement entered into or made be-tween Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related to either such agreement, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing ma-terials, documents, and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or imple-mented prior to such agreements or to be en-tered into or implemented in the future. 
(b) In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees and leadership’’ has the meaning given that term in section 135 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (22 U.S.C. 2160e). 
(2) The term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of 
Action’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Germany, the Russian Fed-eration, the United Kingdom, and the United States, with the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Se-curity Policy. 
SA 2702. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
bill H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. END GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWNS ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘End Government Shutdowns Act’’. 
(b) A
UTOMATIC CONTINUING APPROPRIA -
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 31, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1310 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1311. CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a)(1) If any appropriation measure for a 
fiscal year is not enacted before the begin-ning of such fiscal year or a joint resolution making continuing appropriations is not in effect, there are appropriated such sums as 
may be necessary to continue any program, project, or activity for which funds were pro-vided in the preceding fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) in the corresponding appropriation 
Act for such preceding fiscal year; or 
‘‘(B) if the corresponding appropriation bill 
for such preceding fiscal year did not become law, then in a joint resolution making con-tinuing appropriations for such preceding fis-cal year. 
‘‘(2)(A) Appropriations and funds made 
available, and authority granted, for a pro-gram, project, or activity for any fiscal year pursuant to this section shall be at a rate of operations not in excess of the lower of— 
‘‘(i) 100 percent of the rate of operations 
provided for in the regular appropriation Act providing for such program, project, or activ-ity for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) in the absence of such an Act, 100 per-
cent of the rate of operations provided for such program, project, or activity pursuant to a joint resolution making continuing ap-propriations for such preceding fiscal year; or 
‘‘(iii) 100 percent of the annualized rate of 
operations provided for in the most recently enacted joint resolution making continuing appropriations for part of that fiscal year or any funding levels established under the pro-visions of this Act; 
for the period of 120 days. After the first 120- 
day period during which this subsection is in effect for that fiscal year, the applicable rate of operations shall be reduced by 1 percent-age point. For each subsequent 90-day period during which this subsection is in effect for that fiscal year, the applicable rate of oper-ations shall be reduced by 1 percentage point. The 90-day period reductions shall ex-tend beyond the last day of that fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) If this section is in effect at the end 
of a fiscal year, funding levels shall continue as provided in this section for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) Appropriations and funds made avail-
able, and authority granted, for any fiscal year pursuant to this section for a program, project, or activity shall be available for the period beginning with the first day of a lapse in appropriations and ending with the date on which the applicable regular appropria-tion bill for such fiscal year becomes law (whether or not such law provides for such program, project, or activity) or a con-tinuing resolution making appropriations becomes law, as the case may be. 
‘‘(b) An appropriation or funds made avail-
able, or authority granted, for a program, project, or activity for any fiscal year pursu-ant to this section shall be subject to the terms and conditions imposed with respect to the appropriation made or funds made available for the preceding fiscal year, or au-thority granted for such program, project, or activity under current law. 
‘‘(c) Expenditures made for a program, 
project, or activity for any fiscal year pursu-ant to this section shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authoriza-tion whenever a regular appropriation bill or a joint resolution making continuing appro-priations until the end of a fiscal year pro-viding for such program, project, or activity for such period becomes law. 
‘‘(d) This section shall not apply to a pro-
gram, project, or activity during a fiscal year if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— 
‘‘(1) makes an appropriation, makes funds 
available, or grants authority for such pro-gram, project, or activity to continue for such period; or 
‘‘(2) specifically provides that no appro-
priation shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such program, project, or activ-
ity to continue for such period.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections of chapter 13 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1310 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘1311. Continuing appropriations.’’. 
SA 2703. Mr. HELLER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2689 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN ) to the 
bill H.R. 719, to require the Transpor-tation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regu-lations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . NO BUDGET NO PAY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘No Budget, No Pay Act’’. 
(b) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’— 
(1) has the meaning given under section 
2106 of title 5, United States Code; and 
(2) does not include the Vice President. 
(c) T IMELY APPROVAL OF CONCURRENT RES-
OLUTION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIA -
TIONS BILLS.—If both Houses of Congress 
have not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget as described under section 301 of the Congressional Budget and Impound-ment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632) for a fiscal year before October 1 of that fiscal year and have not passed all the regular ap-propriations bills for the next fiscal year be-fore October 1 of that fiscal year, the pay of each Member of Congress may not be paid for each day following that October 1 until the date on which both Houses of Congress ap-prove a concurrent resolution on the budget for that fiscal year and all the regular appro-priations bills. 
(d) N
OPAYWITHOUT CONCURRENT RESOLU -
TION ON THE BUDGET AND THE APPROPRIATIONS  
BILLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, no funds may be ap-propriated or otherwise be made available from the Treasury for the pay of any Mem-ber of Congress during any period deter-mined by the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate or the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e). 
(2) N
O RETROACTIVE PAY .—A Member of 
Congress may not receive pay for any period determined by the Chairpersons of the Com-mittee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under subsection (e), at any time after the end of that period. 
(e) D
ETERMINATIONS .— 
(1) S ENATE .— 
(A) R EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc-
tober 1 of each year, the Secretary of the Senate shall submit a request to the Chair-persons of the Committee on the Budget and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate for certification of determinations made under clause (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). 
(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of 
the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall— 
(i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-
mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Sen-ators may not be paid under that subsection; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.013 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6979 September 28, 2015 
(ii) determine the period of days following 
each October 1 that Senators may not be paid under subsection (c); and 
(iii) provide timely certification of the de-
terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Secretary of the Senate. 
(2) H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) R EQUEST FOR CERTIFICATIONS .—On Oc-
tober 1 of each year, the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives shall submit a request to the Chairpersons of the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for certification of deter-minations made under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B). 
(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Chairpersons of 
the Committee on the Budget and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives shall— 
(i) on October 1 of each year, make a deter-
mination of whether Congress is in compli-ance with subsection (c) and whether Mem-bers of the House of Representatives may not be paid under that subsection; 
(ii) determine the period of days following 
each October 1 that Members of the House of Representatives may not be paid under sub-section (c); and 
(iii) provide timely certification of the de-
terminations under clauses (i) and (ii) upon the request of the Chief Administrative Offi-cer of the House of Representatives. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect on February 1, 2017. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 28, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Migra-tion Crisis in Middle East/Europe.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO EMER-
GENCY PSYCHIATRIC CARE ACT 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 180, S. 599. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 599) to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Finance, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Ac-
cess to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF MED-
ICAID EMERGENCY PSYCHIATRIC DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 
2707 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) L
ENGTH OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graphs (2) and (3), the demonstration project es-tablished under this section shall be conducted for a period of 3 consecutive years. ‘‘(2) T
EMPORARY EXTENSION OF PARTICIPATION  
ELIGIBILITY FOR SELECTED STATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B) and paragraph (4), a State selected as an el-igible State to participate in the demonstration project on or prior to March 13, 2012, shall, upon the request of the State, be permitted to continue to participate in the demonstration project through September 30, 2016, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the contin-
ued participation of the State in the demonstra-tion project is projected not to increase net pro-gram spending under title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that such extension for that State is projected not to in-crease net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF PROJECTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall provide each State selected to participate in the demonstration project on or prior to March 13, 2012, with notice of the determination and certification made under subparagraph (A) for the State. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSION AND EXPANSION OF DEM -
ONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) A DDITIONAL EXTENSION .—Taking into ac-
count the recommendations submitted to Con-gress under subsection (f)(3), the Secretary may permit an eligible State participating in the demonstration project as of the date such rec-ommendations are submitted to continue to par-ticipate in the project through December 31, 2019, if, with respect to the State— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the contin-
ued participation of the State in the demonstra-tion project is projected not to increase net pro-gram spending under title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the continued participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the So-cial Security Act. 
‘‘(B) O
PTION FOR EXPANSION TO ADDITIONAL  
STATES .—Taking into account the recommenda-
tions submitted to Congress pursuant to sub-section (f)(3), the Secretary may expand the number of eligible States participating in the demonstration project through December 31, 2019, if, with respect to any new eligible State— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the partici-
pation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net program spend-ing under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the participation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF PROJECTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall provide each State participating in the demonstration project as of the date the Sec-retary submits recommendations to Congress under subsection (f)(3), and any additional State that applies to be added to the demonstra-tion project, with notice of the determination and certification made for the State under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and the standards used to make such determination and certification— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State participating in the 
demonstration project as of the date the Sec-retary submits recommendations to Congress under subsection (f)(3), not later than August 31, 2016; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an additional State that 
applies to be added to the demonstration project, prior to the State making a final election to par-ticipate in the project. 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO ENSURE BUDGET NEU -
TRALITY .—The Secretary annually shall review 
each participating State’s demonstration project expenditures to ensure compliance with the re-quirements of paragraphs (2)(A)(i), (2)(A)(ii), 
(3)(A)(i), (3)(A)(ii), (3)(B)(i), and (3)(B)(ii) (as applicable). If the Secretary determines with re-spect to a State’s participation in the dem-onstration project that the State’s net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act has increased as a result of the State’s par-ticipation in the project, the Secretary shall treat the demonstration project excess expendi-tures of the State as an overpayment under title XIX of the Social Security Act.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (e) of section 2707 of 
such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘LIMITATIONS ON FEDERAL ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
5- 
YEAR’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘through December 31, 2015’’ 
and inserting ‘‘until expended’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (3); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(5) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and the availability of funds’’ and in-serting ‘‘(other than States deemed to be eligible States through the application of subsection (c)(4))’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘(other than a State deemed to 
be an eligible State through the application of subsection (c)(4))’’ after ‘‘eligible State’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting 
‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘In addition to any payments made to an eligible State under the preceding sen-tence, the Secretary shall, during any period in effect under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d), or during any period in which a law de-scribed in subsection (f)(4)(C) is in effect, pay each eligible State (including any State deemed to be an eligible State through the application of subsection (c)(4)), an amount each quarter equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage of expenditures in the quarter during such period for medical assistance described in subsection (a). Payments made to a State for emergency psychiatric demonstration services under this section during the extension period shall be treated as medical assistance under the State plan for purposes of section 1903(a)(1) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(a)(1)).’’. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS .—Sub-
section (f) of section 2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS REGARD -
ING EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF PROJECT .—Not 
later than September 30, 2016, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public recommendations based on an evalua-tion of the demonstration project, including the use of appropriate quality measures, regard-ing— 
‘‘(A) whether the demonstration project 
should be continued after September 30, 2016; and 
‘‘(B) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded to additional States. 
‘‘(4) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS REGARD -
ING PERMANENT EXTENSION AND NATIONWIDE EX -
PANSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public recommendations based on an evaluation of the demonstration project, including the use of appropriate quality measures, regarding— 
‘‘(i) whether the demonstration project should 
be permanently continued after December 31, 2019, in 1 or more States; and 
‘‘(ii) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded (including on a nationwide basis). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.015 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6980 September 28, 2015 
‘‘(B) R EQUIREMENTS .—Any recommendation 
submitted under subparagraph (A) to perma-nently continue the project in a State, or to ex-pand the project to 1 or more other States (in-cluding on a nationwide basis) shall include a certification from the Chief Actuary of the Cen-ters for Medicare & Medicaid Services that per-manently continuing the project in a particular State, or expanding the project to a particular State (or all States) is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the So-cial Security Act. 
‘‘(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .— 
The Secretary shall not permanently continue the demonstration project in any State after De-cember 31, 2019, or expand the demonstration project to any additional State after December 31, 2019, unless Congress enacts a law approving either or both such actions and the law includes provisions that— 
‘‘(i) ensure that each State’s participation in 
the project complies with budget neutrality re-quirements; and 
‘‘(ii) require the Secretary to treat any ex-
penditures of a State participating in the dem-onstration project that are excess of the expend-itures projected under the budget neutrality standard for the State as an overpayment under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(5) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is appropriated to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Ac-count to carry out this subsection, $100,000 for fiscal year 2015, to remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2707 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘publicly or’’ after ‘‘institution for mental diseases that is’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An eligible 
State’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise pro-vided in paragraph (4), an eligible State’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘A State 
shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise pro-vided in paragraph (4), a State shall’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) N
ATIONWIDE AVAILABILITY .—In the event 
that the Secretary makes a recommendation pursuant to subsection (f)(4) that the dem-onstration project be expanded on a national basis, any State that has submitted or submits an application pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deemed to have been selected to be an eligible State to participate in the demonstration project.’’; and 
(3) in the heading for subsection (f), by strik-
ing ‘‘
AND REPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘, R EPORT , 
ANDRECOMMENDATIONS ’’. 
(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee amendment in the 
nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 599), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF DINOSAUR NATIONAL MONUMENT 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 
271, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 271) recognizing the 
100th anniversary of Dinosaur National Monument and designating October 4, 2015, as ‘‘Dinosaur National Monument Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 271) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2089 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I under-
stand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2089) to provide for investment in 
clean energy, to empower and protect con-sumers, to modernize energy infrastructure, to cut pollution and waste, to invest in re-search and development, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. DAINES. I now ask for a second 
reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 29; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of the message to accompany H.R. 719 postcloture; fur-ther, that all time during the recess or adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on the motion to concur with amendment No. 2689; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:28 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, September 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate September 28, 2015: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF BRIAN J. MAGGI, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANNA 
W. HICKEY AND ENDING WITH KIMBERLY C. YOUNG– MCLEAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 21, 2015. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF KYLE J. WELD, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KATHLEEN 
E. AKERS AND ENDING WITH SAIPRASAD M. ZEMSE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL R. 
BREZINSKI AND ENDING WITH THOMAS E. WILLIFORD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DWAYNE A. 
BACA AND ENDING WITH LIANA LUCAS VOGEL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RENI B. 
ANGELOVA AND ENDING WITH GRANT W. WISNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID R. 
ALANIZ AND ENDING WITH DEVON L. WENTZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 9, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHN M. GOOCH, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF HERMAN W. DYKES, JR., TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JONATHAN S. 
ACKISS AND ENDING WITH D012659, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL H. 
ADORJAN AND ENDING WITH G010310, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW T. 
ADAMCZYK AND ENDING WITH D012593, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF GREGORY I. KELTS, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHEN H. 
COOPER AND ENDING WITH DAVID G. WORTMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF LESLEY A. WATTS, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF KIRBY R. GROSS, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF FRANCHESCA M. DESRIVIERE, 
TO BE MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JERRY L. TOLBERT, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER R. FORSYTHE, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF FRANCIS G. MARESCO, JR., TO 
BE COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID S. ABRA-
HAMS AND ENDING WITH D012627, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEPHANIE R. 
AHERN AND ENDING WITH G010384, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER 
W. ABBOTT AND ENDING WITH D011026, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF NEIL I. NELSON, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF BENJAMIN J. BIGELOW, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.019 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6981 September 28, 2015 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ENRIQUE R. 
ASUNCION AND ENDING WITH TIMOTHY J. SAXON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTIAN J. 
AUGER AND ENDING WITH CHESTER J. WYCKOFF, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CARA M. 
ADDISON AND ENDING WITH JOEL A. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
OLUWAFADEKEMI N. ADEWETAN AND ENDING WITH JUS-TIN I. WATSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FREDERIC 
ALBESA AND ENDING WITH FRANZ J. YU, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARICAR S. 
ABERIN AND ENDING WITH CARDIA M. WILSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMES P. 
ADWELL AND ENDING WITH MARESA C. J. ZENNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD R. 
ABITRIA AND ENDING WITH DAVID J. ZELINSKAS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-
PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHELLE D. CARTER, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF REGINE REIMERS, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF JOEL V. FINNY, TO BE LIEUTEN-
ANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF ERNEST C. LEE, TO BE CAPTAIN. NAVY NOMINATION OF NATALIA C. HENRIQUEZ, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WHITNEY A. 
ABRAHAM AND ENDING WITH BETHANY R. ZMITROVICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH REBECCA K. 
ADAMS AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL L. ZUEHLKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER 
M. BADE AND ENDING WITH CASSANDRA M. SISTI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAMIE P. DRAGE 
AND ENDING WITH RICHARD M. YATES, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON M. 
BAUMAN AND ENDING WITH MARK A. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-
TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSHUA A. 
AISEN AND ENDING WITH SCOTT M. THORNBURY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-
PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD S. 
CHERNITZER AND ENDING WITH BETH A. TEACH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICHOLAS A. 
DENISON AND ENDING WITH THEODORE J. STOW, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TRAVIS C. 
ADAMS AND ENDING WITH ANTONIO ZUBIA, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL K. 
ALLEN AND ENDING WITH JERRY W. WYRICK II, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIELLE L. 
ADAMOVICH AND ENDING WITH RICHARD S. ZIBA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GILBERT R. 
BAUGHN AND ENDING WITH SERGIO B. WOODEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEP-TEMBER 16, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF GREGORY A. GRUBBS, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28SE6.001 S28SEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1367 September 28, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
COMMUNITY SERVICE OF PATTY ROSE TO TACOMA, WA, AND THE GREATER PUGET SOUND REGION 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service and commitment of Patty Rose of the Pierce County Central Labor Council, who is receiving the distinguished Star of Destiny Award at the 9th Annual Des-tiny Dinner hosted by the Tacoma Historical Society. 
Patty has provided unmatched leadership 
and commitment to the organized labor com-munity and the greater citizenry of Tacoma- Pierce County in her 13 years guiding the Pierce County Labor Council with a firm com-mitment to improving the lives of working fami-lies in our region. She has provided sound ad-vice and mentorship to fellow labor leaders, local elected officials, and rank-and-file union members throughout Pierce County. 
In addition to her day job, Patty serves her 
community on the Board for the United Way of Pierce County, which provides opportunity and resources to families in need. Even in the face of personal struggles, Patty has continued to serve in this capacity for the betterment of those less fortunate. 
Her contributions to our region’s history in-
cluded spearheading the recent 125th anniver-sary celebration of the Pierce County Labor Council, which highlighted the many ways that this organization has helped to shape our community. Patty uses her leadership position to remind the public why basic protections and workers’ rights exist today—due to the advo-cacy and sacrifice of labor leaders before her. 
Mr. Speaker, her influence on our region’s 
proud organized labor history is exemplified by her receipt of the Tacoma Historical Society’s Star of Destiny Award. This very special des-ignation is reserved for those who show an ‘‘unwavering commitment to the dignity and welfare of the working men and women of Ta-coma and Pierce County.’’ 
Patty Rose is certainly deserving of this 
award and will be in good company. She joins my predecessor Rep. Norm Dicks in receiving 
this important recognition on behalf of the citi-zens of Tacoma. I join their voices in thanks for her continued leadership and perseverance in helping to better the lives of working fami-lies in our community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Patty Rose 
my friend and I am privileged to stand on the floor of the United States Congress today in recognition of her many accomplishments and leadership that will continue into the future. FULL LEGAL RECOGNITION OF 
ALL RELIGIONS IN INDIA 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, India has 
been a land of religious diversity for thousands of years. Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism, Islam and Christianity, among others, are all important religions with centuries of his-tory in India. Today, I would like to recognize their rich contributions to the Indian state. I hope that each one be afforded full legal dig-nified recognition by the Indian government. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE NATIONAL SOCI-
ETY DAUGHTERS OF THE AMER-ICAN REVOLUTION 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution upon its one hundred and twenty fifth anniversary. 
The National Society Daughters of the 
American Revolution (NSDAR), a non-profit, non-political women’s volunteer service organi-zation dedicated to patriotism, education and historic preservation, was founded in 1890 by Mary Smith Lockwood, Ellen Walworth, Mary Desha and Eugenia Washington. At their first meeting held on October 11, 1890, several women attended, as well as four members of the Sons of the American Revolution who served as an advisory board to the organiza-tion for its first few years. In 1896 the NSDAR, also known as the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) was incorporated by an Act of Congress. 
A lineage society, NSDAR members have 
the common bond of having ancestors who were patriots of the American Revolution. Members have included many noteworthy women, including women’s rights pioneer Susan B. Anthony, American Red Cross founder Clara Barton, First Lady Rosalynn Carter, retired NASA astronaut Margaret Rhea Seddon and former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno. With 177,000 members and 3,000 chapters in the United States and inter-nationally, members have volunteered millions of service hours for various projects and pro-grams. Projects include supporting active duty military personnel and assisting veterans, sup-porting schools for underserved children, awarding scholarships and providing financial aid to students, and restoring American Revo-lution War sites and memorials. 
Most of NSDAR’s volunteer work is accom-
plished by the grassroots efforts of chapters on the local level, which focus on the mission areas of DAR: historic preservation, patriotism and education. There are several chapters in 
my 28th Congressional District. The Don Jose ´ 
Verdugo Chapter, located in La Can ˜ada 
Flintridge, has been serving the community for sixty-two years, focusing their efforts on vet-erans and education. Additionally, the Martin Severance Chapter in Pasadena, founded in 1914 and the Hollywood Chapter founded in 1910; both have a strong focus on helping vet-erans. 
For 125 years, the NSDAR has exemplified 
their motto: ‘‘God, Home, Country.’’ I am hon-ored to recognize this excellent organization, and ask all Members to join me in com-mending the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution upon their anniversary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE FISH-
ERIES SURVIVAL FUND AND THE 46TH ANNUAL BLESSING OF THE FLEET IN NEW BEDFORD, MAS-SACHUSETTS 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Fisheries Survival Fund for re-ceiving the Friend of the Fishing Industry Award at the annual Blessing of the Fleet, held in New Bedford, Massachusetts. 
Established in New Bedford in 1969, the 
Blessing of the Fleet is a time-honored tradi-tion that has been celebrated by fishing com-munities since the Archaic period. Legend speaks of Greek fishermen asking clergy to bless their boats and crews, providing well wishes for safe sailing and heavy nets while out to sea. Fittingly, the top fishing port of New Bedford has continued this practice for nearly fifty years. 
This year’s recipient of the Offshore Mari-
ners’ Wives Association’s Friend of the Fishing Industry award is the Fisheries Survival Fund (FSF). Established to ensure the long-term sustainability of the sea scallop fishery, FSF plays an incredibly important role in preserving and advocating for an industry that provides more than 50 million pounds of sea scallops each year and helping the port retain its status as the most profitable port on the East Coast and within the continental United States. 
The Fisheries Survival Fund is intrinsically 
imbedded in the South Coast’s fishing commu-nity. From working with academic institutions and independent experts to conduct research on sustainability, partnering with the federal government to ensure responsible manage-ment of the fishery, and by pioneering a man-agement system and improving practices, FSF has helped to preserve and grow the scallop industry. 
Mr. Speaker, it brings me great pride to rec-
ognize the Fisheries Survival Fund’s receipt of the Friend of the Fishing Industry award and the role FSF has played in the greater New Bedford fishing community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.001 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1368 September 28, 2015 
HONORING DON AND PATTY JACK-
SON DOCTOR FOR THEIR DEDI-CATED SERVICE TO WESTERN NEW YORK 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Don and Patty Jackson Doctor for their tireless commit-ment to community service. Their volunteer ef-forts and investments in various worthwhile causes is a brilliant example of men and women in Western New York giving back to the region. Don Doctor has served as a com-mittee member of the St. Thomas Aquinas Men’s Golf Committee and the Notre Dame Golf Committee for fourteen years. He has been instrumental in organizing golf tour-naments that have raised thousands of dollars for both programs. He also served as Director of the Board for the West Seneca Youth Base-ball Association for six years and was the As-signor of the Umpires for the league. Mr. Doc-tor was active in the West Seneca Youth Hockey Booster Club, and he is also a sched-uler and a team representative for the Cheektowaga Old Timers League. Both Mr. and Mrs. Jackson Doctor participate in the ‘‘Fill the Boot’’ drive for the Spinal Muscular Atrophy Research Team and are active in local politics. 
Mrs. Jackson Doctor is a Buffalo Public 
School Teacher and Coach—she currently coaches the Discovery School Swim Team along with Jenny Fitzpatrick Hart. Mrs. Jack-son Doctor, with her committee, started the St. Thomas Aquinas Women’s Golf Tournament which was successfully held for eight years. This fundraiser benefitted the St. Thomas Aquinas Sports Program until the school closed. The tournament was then renamed the Marie Jackson Women’s Golf Tournament, which provides scholarships to four South Buf-falo eighth graders from Notre Dame Academy and Discovery School in support of their at-tendance at the Catholic school of their choice. Mrs. Jackson Doctor was honored as a member of the ‘‘Race Day Ladies’’ at the 2012 Mt. Mercy 5k run. She continues to vol-unteer in road races throughout the year, and 
is also active in local politics. 
Mr. and Mrs. Jackson Doctor will be hon-
ored at the upcoming 4th annual Ryan Purcell Memorial Run, a race held in Lackawanna, NY which celebrates the life of the young man whose life was tragically cut short. The couple will be awarded the 3rd annual Michael J. Diggins Community Service Award at the event, which takes place on October 3rd. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mr. and Mrs. Don and Patty Jackson Doctor. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them on their accomplished careers and to com-mend them for their admirable service in the community. RECOGNIZING DR. JUDY 
GENSHAFT’S LEADERSHIP OF THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I submit an article 
that appeared in the Tampa Tribune recog-nizing Dr. Judy Genshaft for her leadership as President of the University of South Florida. For the past 15 years, Dr. Genshaft has worked tirelessly to improve USF’s academic successes, as well as expand USF’s role in our local economy. It is my honor to recognize her achievements at the helm of USF, and we are fortunate to have her as a part of our Tampa Bay community. 
EDITORIAL : GENSHAFT ’SEDUCATION AND  
ECONOMIC SUCCESSES  
[From the Tampa Tribune, Sept. 12, 2015] 
Judy Genshaft has enjoyed the longest ten-
ure of any University of South Florida presi-dent, and by most measures the university has flourished under her direction. 
But often overlooked is how her 15-year 
leadership also has boosted the local econ-omy. 
Improving USF’s academic standing, to be 
sure, has been the priority, and results have been impressive. The graduation rate, a per-sistent trouble area, has jumped from 48 per-cent in 2008 to 67 percent, thanks to univer-sity initiatives. The average SAT test scores of incoming freshmen have increased by 159 points, reflecting USF’s growing status. 
The Tampa campus, once a barren collec-
tion of far-flung buildings, has been trans-formed into a beautifully landscaped and bustling community. 
Also impressive is how Genshaft has 
tapped USF’s potential as an economic en-gine. She strengthened its ties to the busi-ness community and made it a catalyst for innovation and investment. Former USF President Betty Castor, who served from 1994 to 1999, also deserves credit for highlighting the university’s economic importance. Genshaft expanded that effort. 
Genshaft, who has served as chair of the 
Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce and the Tampa Bay Partnership, actively sought to recruit companies to the area, particu-larly those that needed the resource of a re-search university. 
Indeed, the university has excelled at win-
ning research grants. As the Tribune’s Anastasia Dawson reports, when Genshaft came to USF it brought in about $171.3 mil-lion in research funds. Last year that num-ber was $440.5 million—43rd in the nation among public and private universities. 
These dollars have an impact far beyond 
campus. According to the National Insti-tutes of Health, every $1 in research funding brings in $2.21 in local economic growth. So USF’s research funds alone are calculated to be responsible for $974 million in new eco-nomic activity and account for 5,900 jobs with an average salary of $75,000. 
The emphasis on innovation has helped 
USF become the No. 1 university in the state for patents, and 10th in the nation and 13th worldwide. 
With USF badly in need of renovating its 
40-year-old medical school facilities, Genshaft seized the opportunity to partner with Lightning owner Jeff Vinik in the rede-velopment of downtown’s Channelside Dis-trict. Now, with the backing of the Legisla-ture and Gov. Rick Scott, the USF Morsani College of Medicine and the new USF Health 
Heart Institute will be the centerpiece of Vinik’s downtown project, which will include residences, offices, hotels and retail shops. The school is expected to create 1,500 jobs and undoubtedly will attract other health- care enterprises. 
Genshaft also is pushing to redevelop the 
challenged neighborhoods near USF into an innovation district that will attract and nur-ture new enterprises. Former Hillsborough County Commissioner Mark Sharpe is head-ing the Tampa Innovation Alliance. 
Thanks to such diverse efforts, USF is 
widely recognized as a university on the move and is attracting widespread attention and support. It’s nearing its goal of raising $1 billion in donations. 
Genshaft has had the occasional tussle 
with the Legislature, mostly stemming from lawmakers wanting more for USF branch campuses in their communities. The USF system includes St. Petersburg and Sara-sota-Manatee campuses. The Legislature, in an act of fiscal lunacy, transformed USF’s Polk County branch into a separate univer-sity, Florida Polytechnic, in 2012. 
Such dustups underscore the pitfalls of a 
branch campus system that invites meddling by lawmakers focused on bringing goodies to their districts. 
Granted, USF’s football and basketball 
programs have languished in recent years. But those rough spots pale in comparison to USF’s progress during Genshaft’s 15 years. 
Her contract runs out next year, but she 
says she would like to remain. That decision will be up to the USF Board of Trustees. 
But there is a good reason Genshaft has 
managed to stay at USF’s helm for 15 years. She is getting the job done. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE NORTHWEST 
CENTER’S 50 YEARS OF SERVICE AND ADVOCACY FOR PEOPLE OF ALL ABILITIES 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to honor the 50th anniversary of Northwest Center. The Northwest Center is a leader in advancing equal opportunities for children and adults with developmental disabilities. Their unique social enterprise model provides serv-ices such as inclusive early childhood edu-cation, after school programs, job training and placement. 
Founded in 1965, Northwest Center was ini-
tiated by parents who refused to accept that institutionalizing their children with special needs was the only option for their education and enrichment. Washington State is a place of pioneers and it was in that spirit that these parents effected positive change for children everywhere. 
Fifty years later in 2015, Northwest Center 
continues to revolutionize the ways we think about people with abilities different than our own. Where Northwest Center’s founding par-ents were once viewed as audacious for their advocacy, today there is a generation of peo-ple living rich, productive lives because they were given the opportunity to thrive as a part of a community that nurtured them as part of its whole, instead of isolating them as sepa-rate and distinct. 
Northwest Center’s 50th Anniversary cele-
brates the promise the organization made a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.005 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1369 September 28, 2015 
half century ago, ‘‘to promote the growth, de-
velopment, and economic independence of persons with developmental disabilities through programs of education, rehabilitation, and work opportunity.’’ Its revolutionary ap-proach recognizes that inclusion, not segrega-tion, is a fundamental tenet of a strong com-munity—at school, at work and in the world around us. In Northwest Center classrooms, children with and without disabilities share high expectations. Innovative companies like Amazon, Microsoft, and Starbucks have em-braced the advantages of workforce inclusion. 
Against this backdrop of revolutionary 
achievement, I salute Northwest Center and its founders for their leadership—not only in their programs, but in launching a groundbreaking attitudinal shift that impacts people across the state of Washington and across this country. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL AND KELLY 
DIAMOND ANDERSON FOR THEIR DEDICATED SERVICE TO WEST-ERN NEW YORK 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Michael and Kelly Anderson for their dedicated commitment to bettering the community. Mr. and Mrs. An-derson have supported various civic initiatives throughout Western New York in the last 15 years. 
Mrs. Anderson, a Peer Review Coordinator 
at Catholic Health Systems, has demonstrated her passion for service through her involve-ment with the WNY Perinatal Bereavement Network, which provides support for families dealing with the loss of children at birth. She has chaired the WNYPBN’s Walk to Remem-ber and Elegant Evening to Remember events, and is also a coordinator for the WNY Perinatal Parent telephone support group. Mrs. Anderson has been a generous donor to the Sister’s hospital foundation, and the Ste-ven’s Bereavement Fund. Like his wife, Mr. Anderson has been deeply involved in service efforts for the community. Mr. Anderson, an Area Sales Manager for First Niagara Finan-cial Group, volunteers on several nonprofit boards in WNY; he currently serves as presi-dent elect for the University at Buffalo Alumni Association, in addition to being on the Board of Directors for the Amherst Chamber of Com-merce. Mr. Anderson is also a volunteer Youth mentor for Leadership Buffalo, where he is an alumnus of the Leadership Buffalo Class of 2010. 
Since 2011, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson have 
helped organize a local fundraiser called RTG for a Cure, which raises money each year to help support pediatric cancer initiatives. Mrs. Anderson is also an ardent supporter of the Red Cross, and donates her time to the City Mission and St. Vincent DePaul Society. Kelly and Michael will be honored at the upcoming 4th annual Ryan Purcell Memorial Run, a race held in Lackawanna, NY which celebrates the life of the young man whose life was tragically cut short. The couple will be awarded the 3rd annual Tim O’Neil Good Samaritan Award at the event, which takes place on October 3rd. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mr. and Mrs. Anderson. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them on their accom-plished careers and to commend them for their admirable service in the community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 160TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF BEECH CREEK BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and celebrate the 160th Homecoming and Anniversary of the Beech Creek Baptist Church, in Spurger, Texas. 
Charter members were James G. Collier, 
his wife Elizabeth Collier, his half-sister Mary Caswell, his stepmother Mary Keith, his daughter Lucy Ratcliff, his brother Thomas Collier and his nieces Volumnia Freeman and Mary Baker. 
With no Baptist church in this area at the 
time, eight community members came to-gether on September 24, 1855 to organize a church by the name of Beech Creek. 
As the oldest Baptist Church in Tyler County 
with complete records of its existence, Beech Creek is an important and treasured place of worship for our area. 
As we pause to celebrate another important 
milestone, let us remember those who faith-fully and humbly came before us in service to God at Beech Creek Baptist Church. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF MS. WILLIE MAE SEATON 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of Willie Mae Seaton, long-time owner of Willie Mae’s Scotch House in New Orleans. Ms. Seaton passed away on September 18, 2015, at the age of 99. 
Ms. Seaton was born in Crystal Springs, 
Mississippi, and moved to New Orleans during World War II with her husband who worked at the Higgins Shipyard. For several years she drove a taxi, worked at a dry cleaner, and was a licensed beautician. Ms. Seaton’s true ambi-tion, however, was to own a bar. 
In 1957, Ms. Seaton turned her corner 
beauty shop into Willie Mae’s Scotch House where it quickly became a neighborhood fa-vorite. While cooking out of the bar’s kitchen, patrons encouraged her to open a restaurant. Famous for its fried chicken, Ms. Seaton ran her business for decades. 
Ms. Seaton represented everything that is 
great about New Orleans. She had a wonder-ful spirit and always greeted everyone who came to visit her restaurant with warmth and love. To this day, Willie Mae’s is among the best fried chicken you will ever find. In fact, when President Obama visited New Orleans for the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, we ate at Willie Mae’s. 
Ms. Seaton was named an America’s Clas-
sic by the James Beard Foundation in May 2005. Later that year, the floods that followed 
post-Katrina levee failure destroyed Willie Mae’s Scotch House and Ms. Seaton’s home next door. A testament to her impact on the New Orleans community, waves of volunteers helped to rebuild her neighborhood restaurant. 
New Orleans will not be the same without 
her, but her legacy will forever be a part of the city. Her story of turning her small beauty shop into a world-renowned establishment ex-emplifies the spirit of New Orleans. Stories like hers will show generations of Americans that if we work hard, our dreams can become a re-ality. 
Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy 
of Ms. Seaton, a beloved mother, grand-mother, and example to African-American en-trepreneurs everywhere. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL MICHAEL SHELTON KEM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Lieutenant Colonel Mi-chael Shelton Kem. Lieutenant Colonel Kem has served our country for 26 years with the United States Air Force and New York Air Na-tional Guard. Lieutenant Colonel Kem has been decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service distinctions and will retire from military service on October 1st. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished cit-izen and airman. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem began his military 
career in 1989 when he received his commis-sion after graduating from the United States Air Force Academy where he received his Bachelor of Science degree in Human Factors Engineering. Lieutenant Colonel Kem served active duty from May 1989 through September 2000. Lieutenant Colonel Kem had a very suc-cessful active duty career; after commissioning he attended pilot training at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas and remained there after grad-uating as a First Assignment Instructor Pilot (FAIP) in the T–38. During his time at Laughlin Air Force Base, he flew as a check pilot, was an assistant Flight Commander, and the Run-way Supervisory Unit Training and Standard-ization Officer-In-Charge. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem then flew the C– 
141 at Travis Air Force Base, California, work-ing as a training officer and flying missions to all points of the world. His final active duty as-signment was at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, as a Pilot Instructor Training (PIT) in-structor in the T–1A. While stationed at Ran-dolph Air Force Base, Texas, he served as the assistant Chief of the Standardization and Evaluations division. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem joined the New 
York Air National Guard in 2002 and served with the 152nd Air Operations Group as an Air Mobility Liaison officer. While in that unit he was deployed overseas for the start of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom in early 2003. After return-ing from that deployment, Lieutenant Colonel Kem joined the RC–26 program at Hancock Field, supporting law enforcement throughout the Northeast, performing airborne counter drug surveillance operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.008 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1370 September 28, 2015 
Shortly after joining the RC–26 program, its 
mission expanded to include missions outside the United States to locations such as Colom-bia, South America, various locations within Iraq and Afghanistan, and more recently to Lima, Peru. Lieutenant Colonel Kem coura-geously deployed ten times with the RC–26 in support of Operations Iraqi Freedom, New Dawn, and Enduring Freedom. Five of those deployments were to Iraq and two to Afghani-stan. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem has dedicated 26 
years of service to the United States of Amer-ica. Lieutenant Colonel Kem earned his pilot wings at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas, and throughout his career he has earned the rating of Command Pilot, while logging 7,600 military flight hours, 1,115 combat hours, and 277 combat sorties. Lieutenant Colonel Kem worked his way through the ranks to earn the title of Lieutenant Colonel in September 2007. His effective dates of promotion are: Second Lieutenant—May 1989; First Lieutenant—May 1991; Captain—May 1993; Major—September 2000; Lieutenant Colonel—September 2007. 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem’s major military 
awards and decorations include the Meri-torious Service Medal; Air Medal with ten de-vices, Aerial Achievement Medal with two de-vices, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal with two devices, Meritorious Unit Award, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with ten devices, Combat Readi-ness Medal with two devices, National De-fense Service Medal, Armed Forces Expedi-tionary Medal with one device, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with two devices, Iraq Cam-paign Medal with two devices, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, and the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate 
Lieutenant Colonel Kem on his retirement and to thank him for his selfless service to our country. 
f 
CONGRATULATING COACH JOHN 
CALIPARI, NAISMITH MEMORIAL BASKETBALL HALL OF FAME MEMBER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-
late John Calipari, Head Basketball Coach of the University of Kentucky Wildcats, on his in-duction into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Over his career as a basketball coach, Calipari has received many well de-served awards and the Hall of Fame recog-nizes the years of successful accomplish-ments. 
In twenty two years as a head coach in col-
lege basketball, Coach Cal has an overall record of 593–174 (.773). He has led three schools to the Final Four; UMass, Memphis, and Kentucky. At the University of Kentucky, his teams have reached the Final Four in four out of the last five years. As all Kentuckians know, the 2012 Kentucky team won the na-tional championship. He has twenty official twenty win seasons and eight official thirty win seasons as a college head coach. 
In addition to his amazing won-loss record 
and his successful teams, Coach Cal can be very proud of the positive affect he has had on 
the lives of many young men. Numerous former players are now successful stars in the next step of their careers, the NBA. Coach Cal continues to follow their careers after they go to the NBA and takes time to show continued interest in their lives. 
Coach Calipari can also be proud of the 
positive contributions he has made to the communities where he has coached through philanthropic efforts. Not only does he give generously to the community in many ways, he teaches his players to do the same. Young men on his teams are known for spending time with those who are less fortunate, espe-cially children. He teaches players to be posi-tive role models and good citizens. 
For all the accomplishments of his college 
basketball coaching career, Coach John Calipari has been honored with membership in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. As a proud alumnus of the University of Kentucky and lifelong Wildcat fan, I am happy to be able to congratulate him before the House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF EBBY HALLIDAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pleasure to pay tribute to the life and legacy of a proud Dallasite and a true American. Ebby Halliday, known in North Texas as the ‘‘Queen of Real Estate,’’ passed in Dallas on Wednesday, September 9, 2015. The 70-year-old company that she founded, Ebby Halliday Real Estate, has nearly 1800 real estate agents and in 2014 amassed sales of $6.6 billion. The im-pact of her company was only outweighed by the impact of her character. 
The life and work of Ebby Halliday is a part 
of the social and economic fabric of Dallas. Mrs. Halliday approached philanthropy with the same way she approached real estate. Al-ways graceful, she explained her work ethic by saying: ‘‘I work like a dog and act like a lady.’’ Her intensity and charm only intensified with age. 
Praise for Mrs. Halliday rings far and wide 
in Dallas, from the state capitol to her many employees. Twenty-three years ago, she placed 49 percent of the company that she had build into a stock portfolio for her employ-ees. She believed that they should be re-warded for their work. 
She changed the scope and nature of the 
real estate industry in Texas, by including, re-cruiting, and mentoring talented women to lead the industry. Some of the largest real es-tate firms in North Texas today are owned by women who received their training under the prudent tutelage of Ebby Halliday. 
At a celebration for her 100th birthday four 
years ago, this graceful lady donned a ukulele and sang ‘‘Happy Days Are Here Again.’’ She was as joyous as the youngest person in the room. 
Because of Ebby Halliday, Dallas grew not 
only in size, but in the capacity to love. I want to take this time to remember her, on behalf of her family, the city of Dallas. 
Mr. Speaker, Ebby Halliday is an unforget-
table public servant and leader. A woman fueled by passion and concern for others, she 
was a trailblazer for women throughout the state of Texas. She left a powerful legacy that will live for generations. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. THOMAS MAR-
TIN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SUPERINTENDENT OF LIN-COLN COUNTY PUBLIC HOSPITAL DISTRICT NO. 3, ON HIS RETIRE-MENT 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate Mr. Thomas Martin, the Chief Executive Officer and Super-intendent of Lincoln County Hospital, for his years of service and advocacy to Eastern Washington. A visionary leader, Mr. Martin served for more than twenty-six years as a hospital administrator in Lincoln County. Mr. Martin will be retiring at the end of January and I am pleased to recognize his accomplish-ments and countless contributions to our great community in Eastern Washington. 
Throughout his illustrious career, Tom 
gained a reputation as a visionary and innova-tive leader. In Northeastern Washington, his legacy includes numerous programs that were developed and utilized during his tenure, namely Level One Cardiac Care, F.A.S.T Stroke, Remote Presence Physicians using ro-botics, Telehealth, and other key partnerships with tertiary facilities and services. Due to his tireless work, these programs and initiatives will continue to better the lives of those in Eastern Washington for generations to come. 
Furthermore, through the years, Tom re-
ceived several prestigious healthcare and leadership awards including the American Col-lege of Healthcare Executives Regents Award, the Qualis Health Award of Excellence in Healthcare Quality, and the Healthcare Lead-ership Award from the Washington Rural Health Association and the Becker’s National Review. These awards exemplify Mr. Martin’s incredible service to our community. 
Constantly working to advance the health 
and well-being of those in the Inland North-west, Tom continually positioned his hospital and programs for success. Through his efforts, he provided increased access to healthcare throughout our community and continues to remain an important advocate for rural health care and Critical Access Hospitals all across our State. Mr. Martin is a true testament to what an involved and devoted member of a community looks like and continually goes above and beyond to advance healthcare ef-forts in Northeastern Washington. 
I would like to thank Mr. Thomas Martin for 
his years of dedication to Lincoln County and to the greater Inland Northwest. I applaud his commitment to advocating for rural healthcare access all across our State and for his devo-tion to bettering the lives of those within East-ern Washington. I wish him the best of luck in the next chapter of his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28SE8.011 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1371 September 28, 2015 
IN HONOR OF THE LIFE OF DE- 
SHAUN SWANSON 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today 
I rise with a heavy heart, as I grieve along with the entire City of Indianapolis for the loss of a young man whose life was cut tragically short by senseless gun violence. Today, we remember De-Shaun Swanson, a 10-year-old boy who was taken from this world too soon on Saturday, September 19, 2015. 
Although he was only with us for a short 
time, I am confident that the memories of De- Shaun can provide some solace in the face of this tragedy. De-Shaun was one of six children and a fifth grade student at Stony Brook Ele-mentary. Family and friends have described him as an energetic young man who loved to rap, play football, with his team the Steelers, and joke around. 
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in ex-
tending prayers to De-Shaun Swanson’s par-ents, Antwuan Lawrence and Shannon Swan-son, his siblings, friends, coaches, teammates, teachers, as well as the entire Indianapolis community. I pray that God rests his soul and gives peace and comfort to his family and friends. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to 
cast roll call votes on September 25th. Had I been present, I would have cast the following votes: 
On roll call 508, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 509, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 510, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 511, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 512, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 513, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 514, I would have voted No. On roll call 515, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 516, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 517, I would have voted Yes. On roll call 518, I would have voted No. 
f 
HONORING JILL JOHNSON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize Jill Johnson upon her retirement from the Napa County Office of Education. Jill has served in this office for 30 years, and she will end her career as Director of General Services this September. Her com-mitment to our local community is notable and deserving of recognition. 
Over the past thirty years, Ms. Johnson has 
led a remarkable career. She began as an aide, and worked her way up to teacher, and eventually head teacher. Her administrative background includes time as purchasing agent 
and purchasing supervisor. She then moved on to become an Admissions Coordinator for Fairs, and currently serves as the Director of General Services for the Napa County Office of Education. 
In addition, Ms. Johnson has been awarded 
several titles and held several offices through-out her professional experience. She served as an Alternate Board Member for the North Bay Schools Insurance Authority. She was part of the California Schools of Business Offi-cials as a Sacramento Section Director, as well as part of the Sacramento Section Re-search and Professional Development Com-mittee. Jill is a former member of the Sunrise Soroptimist and is currently a Member of the School Nutrition Association and Women of the Moose. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we 
honor Jill Johnson at this time and thank Jill for her invaluable service and wish her a most enjoyable retirement. Her commitment to serv-ing her community and her level of dedication will not be easily replaced. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on September 16, 2015, I missed rollcall vote number 495 and number 496 due to difficulty traveling because of a broken leg. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 495 and 496. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN AVOIDANCE ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, although it ap-
pears the federal government will narrowly avert a shutdown on October 1, the second shutdown since 2013, I rise today to offer the District of Columbia Government Shutdown Avoidance Act of 2015 to permanently author-ize the District to spend its local funds during a federal shutdown and therefore to remain open during a shutdown. Congress has re-cently exempted D.C. from shutdowns on an annual basis, and this bill simply makes those exemptions permanent. 
The District has an $8 billion local budget, 
which is comprised entirely of local revenue sources, such as taxes and fees. The District should be free, as every state and city is, to spend its own local funds during a federal shutdown. The shutdowns involve congres-sional disputes about federal funding, but the federal government does not provide a dollar of D.C.’s local budget. The D.C. government should never have to wonder whether it will be part of a federal shutdown, have to prepare in case of a shutdown, or even have to ask Con-gress to be exempted annually. No Member of the House or Senate has spoken up in favor of shutting down the D.C. government, and I 
do not believe any Member wants to shut down the D.C. government and bring a large, complicated city to its knees over purely fed-eral matters in which the city is not involved. 
There is unprecedented bipartisan and bi-
cameral support, as well as support from the Obama administration, for preventing D.C. shutdowns. In fiscal years 2014 and 2015, for the first time ever, Congress exempted D.C. from shutdowns for an entire fiscal year (fiscal years 2015 and 2016, respectively). The pend-ing House and Senate fiscal year 2016 D.C. Appropriations bills each exempt D.C. from shutdowns for fiscal year 2017. 
Among the most important reasons for a 
permanent shutdown exemption would be the significant financial and operational benefits for the District. If the District shuts down, it could default under certain financing agree-ments and leases. The financial importance of eliminating shutdown threats to the District were definitively shown recently. The three leading bond rating agencies have cited the annual shutdown exemption as a positive credit factor in upgrading or maintaining their ratings on the District’s bonds. The city’s part-ners, Wall Street and vendors alike can charge a risk premium for the uncertainty cre-ated by shutdown threats. A permanent shut-down exemption would undoubtedly improve D.C.’s creditworthiness even more. 
The 650,000 D.C. residents do not suffer 
alone when vital city services cease during a shutdown. Federal officials, federal buildings, foreign embassies and dignitaries, businesses and tourists rely daily on the city’s services as well. Successive continuing resolutions (CRs) do not help much. Not only do successive CRs make it difficult for the city to plan its ac-tivities for the year, they increase the city’s costs of doing business. Shutdown threats force the District to invest time and money preparing contingency shutdown plans. 
Although federal shutdowns have shut down 
the District in the past, the District did not shut down during the 2013 federal shutdown, only because D.C. was able to use previously ap-propriated contingency funds to remain open. However, the District had to severely ration its payments, risking its credit standing, and if the federal shutdown had continued for much longer, the District would have exhausted those funds and shut down, too. 
It is clear that Congress does not intend 
such risks and consequences to the District. Congress loses nothing by allowing the Dis-trict, which submits a balanced budget, almost always with surpluses, each year, to remain open. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. VALERIE 
JONES 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recogni-
tion of Dr. Valerie Camille Jones, Ed.D. an ed-ucator at the Ron Clark Academy located in my congressional district. I am proud to share that the President of the United States re-cently honored Dr. Jones with the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.004 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1372 September 28, 2015 
Science Teaching (PAEMST), which is our 
country’s highest honor in math and science for teachers. 
For over 15 years, Dr. Jones has served her 
country and the people of Metropolitan Atlanta as a teacher. Dr. Jones earned her bachelor’s degree in Mathematics at Spelman College and continued her studies by earning master’s and doctoral degrees in Education from Geor-gia State University. As you may know, Mr. Speaker, both of these wonderful institutions are located in Georgia’s 5th Congressional District. 
Dr. Jones is greatly respected for her cre-
ative approach in making the most difficult subjects accessible and tangible to her stu-dents. Dr. Jones teaches her students how to effectively use mathematical models as com-munication tools. In the classroom, she devel-ops art and video games simulations to con-nect students to math and coordinates field trips to provide real-life examples of angles and forces for struggling geometry students. 
Not only does Dr. Jones’ innovative and cre-
ative approach help students develop the crit-ical skills they need to compete and thrive in today’s world, but she also goes out of her way to share these effective teaching tech-niques with over 17,000 teachers across the country and around the world. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Jones is a wonderful national and international model and practi-tioner in the field of education. 
Today, I join the President, the administra-
tion, the Ron Clark Academy community, and Metropolitan Atlanta in congratulating Dr. Jones on this prestigious honor, and thanking her for her tireless work and support of the most precious and beloved members of our community—our youth—our future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ADRIAN 
KARMAZYN, VOICE OF AMERICA UKRAINIAN SERVICE CHIEF, ON THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ukrainian-American and Northern Ohioan Adrian Karmazyn on the announce-ment of his retirement as Voice of America’s (VOA) Ukrainian Service Chief. Mr. Karmazyn is a native of Parma, Ohio and is respected around the world as a veteran journalist cov-ering Ukraine and Ukrainian-American com-munities in the United States. 
During his career, Mr. Karmazyn has con-
tributed immensely to keeping the flame of freedom alive in Ukraine, even during some of her darkest hours. He is a freedom fighter. His mindful voice has been an essential compo-nent on the arduous path to a more open, democratic society following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the harrowing but steady progress of Ukraine to become part of the Eu-ropean community of nations. 
Mr. Karmazyn attended Ohio State Univer-
sity, receiving a B.A. in History. He then joined Voice of America in 1988 as an international radio broadcaster in VOA’s Ukrainian Service, serving as a writer, producer, reporter, trans-lator, announcer, and eventually as a cor-respondent in Kyiv. While there, he recruited a 
team of radio and video journalists in Kyiv and in other regional cities, helping to establish VOA’s reporting presence throughout Ukraine. 
He continued to distinguish himself and in 
1999 was named Program Manager of VOA’s Ukrainian Service. Mr. Karmazyn directed the reorganization of the weekly Ukrainian Service TV magazine program Vikno v America, or Window on America. Over the next several years, the Ukrainian Service significantly ex-panded its network of reporters in Ukraine. 
In 2004, Mr. Karmazyn was assigned lead-
ership over VOA’s Ukrainian television pro-gramming. Later that year, during Ukraine’s Orange Revolution, Karmazyn oversaw the launch of the daily Chas-Time television pro-gram. He was appointed Chief of VOA’s Ukrainian Service in 2006 and served as one of the most reliable and valuable sources of information during the Euromaidan protests and Revolution of Dignity in 2013. This was vital as freedom of the press was under threat in the region. 
I have known and worked with Adrian 
Karmazyn for many years. Please allow me to extend my heartfelt appreciation for his years of exemplary and passionate service and his commitment to telling the stories of Ukraine, from Kyiv to Cleveland. His labor has brought the American people and the people of Ukraine closer for decades, with his regular presence and positive influence at VOA for the cause of liberty. His has been a voice of free-dom and he will be missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TAIWANESE 
NATIONAL DAY 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
in recognition of the upcoming National Day of the Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan, on October 10th. 
The economic relationship between the 
United States and Taiwan has been long and prosperous and will continue long into the fu-ture. 
Taiwan is a key trading partner for my state 
of California, and indeed for the entire United States. In my own district, Taiwan is a vital source and destination of cargo coming through the Port of Long Beach. 
In recent decades, Taiwan has created a 
democracy that, since 1996, has conducted di-rect presidential elections every four years and witnessed the peaceful passage of power from one political party to another on two occa-sions. It is a regional and global economic force, and makes global contributions cul-turally in fields ranging from art to fashion. Through our shared security partnership, Tai-wan also contributes to the security of the Asia-Pacific, and is a humanitarian force around the globe. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing 
the people of Taiwan a Happy Double Ten Day, and in thanking Taiwan for its many con-tributions to the global community. RECOGNIZING CLAUDE GORDON 
‘‘PEEWEE’’ SHAFFER’S 90TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Claude Gordon ‘‘PeeWee’’ Shaffer’s 90th birthday which will take place Saturday, October 3rd of 2015. 
Claude served his country from 1943 to 
1946 during World War II. He was drafted into the Army and completed Gunnery School in Arizona. He was then sent to Rapid City Army Air Base in South Dakota for training and crew assignment as a ball turret gunner. Claude then became a Staff Sargeant and member of the 545th Bomb Squadron, the Dark Angel Crew. 
As a part of this distinguished squadron, he 
was ordered to carry out a bombing mission on Leipzig, Germany on March 17, 1945. On this mission, his B17 was shot down behind enemy lines near Naundorf, Germany. Claude was captured and became a prisoner of war. 
After being captured, Claude and his squad 
mates were prisoners to both the Wehrmacht and the Luftwaffe and were transported around Germany. They went to Oschatz, Wei-mar, Nuremberg, and Moosburg until finally ar-riving at the Stalag VII, a prisoner of war camp. It wasn’t until April 29, 1945 that Stalag VII was liberated and he was released. Claude was discharged the following year. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize 
Claude for his service to our country with a flag flown over the United States Capitol in his honor. He is a true patriot for his actions and I wish him a very happy birthday. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,073,031,331.50. We’ve 
added $7,524,195,982,418.42 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE FIVE-YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY OF LOVELL 
FEDERAL HEALTH CARE CENTER 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-
tend my congratulations to the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, the na-tion’s first and only integrated Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense medical center, on its five-year anniversary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.009 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1373 September 28, 2015 
In just five years, the Center demonstrated 
the merits of combining two different health care systems. Through hard work and dedica-tion, the FHCC staff has shown that one health care facility can annually provide excel-lent care to over 90,000 military personnel, their families, military retirees and Veterans. I would like to personally congratulate Director Dr. Stephan Holt, and Deputy Director Navy Captain Bob Buckley. Their vision and enthu-siasm facilitated the integration tremendously. 
I look forward to celebrating many more an-
niversaries of the Lovell Federal Health Care Center. Congratulations and thank you for your hard work. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained and not present for Roll Call vote number 518. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on final passage of H.R. 348, the Responsibly and Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015. On Roll Call num-ber 514, (Gosar of Arizona Amendment No. 8 to H.R. 348) I intended to vote ‘‘YEA.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 375TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF FARMINGTON, CON-NECTICUT 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the 375th anniversary of Farmington, Connecticut. 
During the month of August and September, 
seven historical organizations planned History Day to display, honor, and celebrate influential Farmington community leaders. This historic milestone recognizes Farmington’s deeply rooted history and significance as one of the first settlements in New England. 
Over the past 375 years, Farmington resi-
dents have enjoyed the fruits of the land, sce-nic views along the Farmington River, and trails through the Farmington Valley greenway. Though closely neighboring the major metro-politan hub of Hartford, the town of Farm-ington has maintained its unique character through careful land use and historic preserva-tion. 
On September 13, 2015, the town cele-
brated History Day, educating community members about the first Tunxis Indians who welcomed new settlers into the area. In 1640, the early settlers purchased the land that would become Farmington. During the mid- 1700s, Farmington’s rich farmland and access to water made it an attractive destination for homesteaders. As trade opportunities evolved, a booming economy brought with it an era of technological innovation. Manufacturers lo-cated their factories in the Unionville section of Farmington to take advantage of its easy ac-cess to the Farmington Canal, which was later replaced by a railroad. 
Through its many periods of growth, Farm-
ington continues to embody the values instilled by its early inhabitants to promote its natural 
resources. From its wooden lands, to the ma-jestic river and valley, Farmington offers its residents a getaway from the Hartford metro-politan area, while remaining in a central loca-tion in the state. I am honored to represent Farmington in Congress. 
Congratulations to Farmington on its 375th 
anniversary. 
f 
CELEBRATING 25 YEARS OF 
NATIONAL RICE MONTH 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
join with America’s rice farmers in celebrating the month of September as National Rice Month. 
It has been 25 years since September was 
first declared National Rice Month. 
On this silver anniversary, I want to pay a 
special tribute to the hard working men and women who produce rice on their family farms. 
I would also like to recognize all of those 
who mill and market rice, all of the suppliers and buyers, and, of course, all of the con-sumers who make rice an essential part of their diet. 
Rice farming in America actually predates 
our nation’s independence, beginning some 300 years ago. 
Today, America’s rice industry creates 
125,000 good-paying jobs and contributes an estimated $34 billion to our nation’s economy, including an estimated direct impact of $169.8 million in my home state of Texas. 
Nine million tons of rice are grown each 
year by family farmers on some 2.7 million acres of land, predominately in the states of Arkansas, California, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Texas. While these six states produce the lion’s share of rice in America, there is also rice production in other states, like Illinois and Tennessee, and the entire rice industry reaches every state in the nation, es-pecially those states with cereal makers, brew-eries, and other food-makers that use rice as a key ingredient. 
On top of this, about half of America’s rice 
crop is bound for export markets, helping to feed people around the globe while positively contributing to our nation’s balance of trade. 
Although the figures I just listed are as im-
pressive as they are important, the benefits of rice are not limited to jobs and the economy. 
Health-wise, rice is a source of more than 
15 vitamins and minerals and 100% gluten- free, with only 100 calories per serving. Brown rice is 100% whole grain and may reduce the risk of heart disease and certain cancers. 
What is more, studies suggest that those 
who eat rice have healthier diets than those who do not. 
On the conservation front, America’s rice 
farmers have a longstanding commitment to protect and preserve natural resources. Today, U.S. rice farmers produce more rice using less land, energy, and water than they did just 20 years ago. Our rice farms provide critical habitat for hundreds of species, particu-larly migratory birds. 
America’s rice farmers continue to serve as 
leaders in the farming community by pro-ducing a healthy, conservation-friendly food 
that, as a byproduct, generates jobs and eco-nomic opportunity. 
It is fitting that we honor the hard working 
American farmers, millers, merchants, sup-pliers and buyers, and the consumers who make rice not only such a wholesome and popular food but an important part of our economy. 
I ask that my colleagues join with me in 
celebrating September as National Rice Month. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF RICHARD 
RAINWATER 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, Richard Rainwater sadly passed away on Sunday, September 27, 2015, at his home in Fort Worth, Texas. The following obituary by Miguel Bustillo, Gregory Zuckerman and Rob Copeland was published in The Wall Street Journal on September 27, 2015. The citizens of South Carolina especially appreciate the Rainwater and Moore families for their phe-nomenal generosity promoting business edu-cation at the University of South Carolina. 
Long before Wall Street was littered with 
swaggering hedge-fund billionaires, Richard Rainwater earned a Texas-size reputation as an investor with an eye on the big score. 
He helped install Michael Eisner as Walt 
Disney Co. chief executive, steered George W. Bush to buy a stake in Major League Baseball’s Texas Rangers and helped mul-tiply the Bass family fortune one-hundred- fold before building a billion-dollar one of his own. 
‘‘My brother said, ‘Don’t be mediocre at 
anything; be remarkable at something,’’’ Mr. Rainwater recalled in 2010 in a speech at Stanford University. 
Mr. Rainwater died on Sunday morning at 
his home in Fort Worth, Texas, according to the Rainwater Charitable Foundation and his family. He had been suffering from com-plications of a rare brain disease. He was 71 years old. 
Born to a middle-class family, Mr. Rain-
water parlayed a gift for mathematics and a gregarious personality into a more than $2 billion fortune as a financial adviser and wheeler-dealer whose underlings went on to become chief executives, governors and hedge-fund tycoons. 
‘‘He was a laid back guy who liked to in-
vest but he was not a fan of fancy dinners or some of the other things that went with it,’’ his son, Todd, said on Sunday. ‘‘What he was best at is being a talent scout. He would find a troubled business, find the best person to run it, the Michael Jordan of that industry, and inevitably that person would turn the business around’’. 
A native of Fort Worth, Mr. Rainwater at-
tended the Stanford Graduate School of Business on scholarship, where he met Sid Bass, who hired him to serve as chief invest-ment adviser for the Bass brothers, who were also from Fort Worth. 
He began working in 1970 for the Bass fam-
ily, which had inherited an oil fortune from Texas wildcatter Sid Williams Richardson, and helped them to dramatically increase their wealth over the next decade and a half through a dizzying succession of deals. 
Perhaps the most famous deal was the Bass 
family’s rescue of then-struggling Disney in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.014 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1374 September 28, 2015 
1984 with a nearly $500 million investment to 
ward off a potential hostile takeover bid by financier Saul Steinberg. Mr. Rainwater helped handpick a new management team for Disney led by Mr. Eisner that brought the studio back to prominence—and made the Bass brothers billions. 
‘‘Richard was one of best deal guys who 
ever lived,’’ said David Bonderman, who met Mr. Rainwater while working for Robert Bass and later founded private-equity giant TPG. ‘‘He was always confident and idiosyn-cratic, and generally was right.’’ 
Mr. Rainwater struck out on his own in the 
late 1980s, continuing his penchant for spot-ting distressed assets and market quirks that made for bold investment opportunities through his private-equity firm, Rainwater Inc. His winning moves included buying more than 15 million square feet of down-town Houston real estate during a slump in the mid-1990s; many of the properties later sold for two or three times his purchase price. 
In addition to mastering the art of the 
deal, Mr. Rainwater became known for his extraordinary ability to spot and cultivate young talent during the 1980s and early 1990s. His Fort Worth offices became a salon of sorts for ambitious young financiers. 
Among those he encouraged was Edward S. 
Lampert, who began his ESL Investments Inc. hedge fund in the office. Down the hall at the time was Rick Scott, who became the CEO of the Columbia/HCA hospital chain and is now governor of Florida. 
‘‘He believed in [young people] and made 
them believe in themselves,’’ said Mr. Lampert, who later made a fortune for inves-tors buying the debt of Kmart and steering the troubled retailer out of bankruptcy. 
Mr. Rainwater’s unorthodox personal 
style—he would often stand on his desk to hammer home a point—made an impression on his prote ´ge´s, as did his lack of pretense. 
Mr. Bonderman recalled how Mr. Rainwater once traveled to a city to cut a deal without packing a suitcase; the billionaire brought a change of clothes in a paper bag. 
‘‘He couldn’t be bothered, he was a total 
character,’’ Mr. Bonderman said. ‘‘It was all about making lot of money and having fun doing it.’’ 
Mr. Rainwater, who had three children 
with his first wife, Karen, married Darla Moore, a prominent bankruptcy banker, in 1991. 
Ms. Moore became CEO of Rainwater Inc. 
in 1994 and brought a harder edge to some of the firm’s dealings that generated con-troversy, notably when it forced oilman T. Boone Pickens to leave the company he founded, Mesa Petroleum, in 1996. 
Mr. Rainwater had slowed his investment 
activity, playing golf and traveling with his wife, when he began experiencing falls and mood changes. He slowly withdrew from pub-lic life as the symptoms of progressive supranuclear palsy, a rare brain disease with no known cure, became more pronounced and he lost his ability to speak clearly. Doctors warned his friends and family that he would almost certainly die from the disease. 
Undeterred, Mr. Rainwater’s family tack-
led the problem through an investment, cre-ating the Tau Consortium, a group of inter-national scientists, which is trying to under-stand and ultimately treat degenerative brain diseases such as the one that struck Mr. Rainwater. The Tau Consortium has spent a total of more than $50 million trying to find a solution to the disease, a cure that may also assist people with a more common illness: Alzheimer’s disease, Todd Rainwater said Sunday. 
‘‘Just like my father invested in business, 
we went about assembling the top team pos-sible to work on this,’’ he said. ‘‘I do have faith that ultimately, we will be able to 
make a difference.’’ 
f 
MR. GEORGE AIGEN 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to recognize Mr. George Aigen today for his ninetieth birthday. As a veteran of World War II, he has been a leader in his community, and revered for his service and sacrifice to our great nation. 
Seventy one years ago, Mr. Aigen was 
drafted into the Army as a corporal in the 1269th Engineer Combat Battalion. At the age of nineteen, he had experienced much fighting and witnessed horrible atrocities while serving in Europe. In 1945, as the war drew to a close, Mr. Aigen was among the first soldiers to liberate the prisoners of Dachau, one of the oldest Nazi concentration camps. 
In his community, Mr. Aigen has spoken to 
schools, universities, and countless organiza-tions about the horrors committed by the Nazis and the importance of military service. His dedication to our country has been com-memorated across Georgia from the Valdosta community to the state capitol. Mr. Aigen’s story has been archived at the Library of Con-gress and televised by Georgia Public Broad-casting. 
Through his actions, service, and commu-
nity involvement, Mr. Aigen has demonstrated that he is a leader, a mentor, and a hero. I am humbled to honor him and his legacy as our nation’s servicemen and servicewomen secure our freedoms for future generations. 
f 
H.R. 348—RAPID ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, 
September 25, 2015, I voted against H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, which, if enacted, would se-verely weaken the National Environmental Pol-icy Act (NEPA). Under current law, NEPA re-quires federal agencies to go through a public assessment of the environmental impacts of certain proposed federal actions and man-dates the consideration of alternatives to those actions. This process often identifies alter-natives that are less costly and have fewer im-pacts on the environment. 
While I support efforts to refine our regu-
latory process in a manner that rewards out-comes instead of dictating onerous processes, H.R. 348 adds confusion and would lead to worse outcomes for our environment, commu-nities and future generations. This bill would allow potential developers to prepare environ-mental review documents for their proposed projects, creating clear conflicts of interest. The bill prohibits agencies from using the so-cial cost of carbon in the environmental review or decision-making process and it limits the ability of an aggrieved party to seek judicial re-view of a permit or license. The bill imposes arbitrary and rigid deadlines for review and ap-proval, and it provides for default approvals of 
permits or licenses if deadlines are not met; a measure that wholly undermines the environ-mental review process. 
The stated goal of this bill is to help 
projects—including infrastructure projects—to move forward more quickly. The NEPA proc-ess, however, is not the reason for project delays; other factors such as project com-plexity and under-resourced agencies are to blame. At the Army Corps of Engineers, there is a $60 billion backlog of authorized water re-sources projects that were successfully ap-proved under NEPA, but have not been built due to lack of funding. Our roads and bridges are in disrepair, not due to NEPA, but be-cause the Congress has failed to act to raise the gas tax, leaving the federal government short of resources. The Highway Trust Fund is projected to need $90 billion in additional rev-enue over the next six years just to stay sol-vent. Additionally, the NEPA process, which ensures the public has a voice in the planning of major projects that impact their commu-nities, leads to better decision-making and bet-ter projects. In the end, NEPA saves time, money and reduces negative impacts. 
NEPA’s positive impact is unquestionable— 
it is one of the nation’s bedrock environmental laws, ensuring careful decision making and public participation. I am disappointed to see H.R. 348 pass the House, which will only limit the public’s participation, increase confusion and undermine responsible agency reviews. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DENARD 
DAVIS 
HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Denard Davis, a pillar of the community in Merced County. Mr. Denard Davis passed away September 8th, 2015. He is survived by his wife Yvonne, two daughters, Donna and Dorma, 3 grandchildren and 1 great grandchild. 
Denard Davis was born in New Orleans, 
Louisiana on May 15, 1934. Denard left New Orleans to attend Texas College in Tyler, Texas. Denard then served in the United States Marine Corps. 
After his discharge from the Corps in 1959 
he went to San Francisco to work as a sub-stitute teacher. On May 16, 1960 he married his childhood sweetheart Yvonne. On August 13th 1960 the newlyweds arrived in Merced where Denard began working for the Merced City School District. After teaching for fifteen years Denard became the first African Amer-ican Assistant Superintendent of Merced County schools, providing administrative lead-ership for over 30 years. 
Denard Davis had extensive experience in 
the planning and development of educational programs from their inception to their imple-mentation. He was an instrumental part in the development of the Head Start buildings in Planada and South Dos Palos. Denard also played an essential role in the development of preschool programs and buildings in the mi-grant worker camps in Merced, Stanislaus and San Joaquin Counties. His efforts later ex-tended to Madera and Contra Costa counties 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.018 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1375 September 28, 2015 
in 1969 and his administrative duties included 
hiring all staff in the five county migrant edu-cation program 
After retiring from the Merced County Office 
of Education he created his own consulting business and served on many projects, pro-grams and initiatives that focused on the bet-terment of Merced County children’s edu-cation. Denard worked on anything that would improve the opportunities, training, job cre-ation and life-long experiences that would translate into the development of Merced County. These movements include among many others: serving on the board of the local NAACP chapter, workforce development and the renaming of J Street in Merced to Martin Luther King Jr. Way. He was instrumental in establishing the annual ‘‘Concerned Men Cook’’ event where all of the proceeds go to scholarships for local children. Denard man-aged local campaigns, and was always en-gaged on municipal and county committees. He was a thoughtful and active leader who often called upon the community to weigh in on local issues at public hearings. 
Mr. Speaker it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize the memory of Denard Davis. Denard dedicated his life to the promotion of civil rights and education. May his years of service to the community of Merced County never be forgotten. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TARY L. 
BROWN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the outstanding service of Mr. Tary L. Brown, who will be retiring after thirty years of serving as CEO of Albany Area Pri-mary Health Care (AAPHC) in Southwest Georgia. A retirement celebration was held in Tary’s honor on Saturday, September 26, 2015 at 6:00 p.m. at the Doublegate Country Club in Albany, Georgia. 
Tary began his professional career after the 
death of his grandmother. Upset with how the local health care system treated her, he chose to devote his life ‘‘to making a difference and promoting healthcare as a Right.’’ Tary subse-quently received a Bachelor of Science degree from Illinois State University and a Master’s degree in Health Administration from the Uni-versity of Illinois. Upon graduation, he began working with community health centers (CHCs) in Oquawka, Illinois as both health de-partment administrator and CHC director. 
Tary was then offered an opportunity to 
work in Georgia for two years initially. But Tary, as countless others before and after him, fell in love with the beautiful landscape and rich culture of our great state. For the next three decades, he worked tirelessly in Georgia to ensure that all citizens—no matter their race, income, or background—had ac-cess to quality health care. 
Under Tary’s leadership, AAPHC performed 
over one million patient visits. The center trained medical students and residents and pi-loted primary care case management of HIV/ AIDS, the largest rural program in the nation. 
Moreover, AAPHC was instrumental in re-sponding to the medical needs of citizens dur-ing natural disasters. Tary oversaw AAPHC’s growth from three sites and 34 employees to eight sites and 160 employees. I know that he will leave the AAPHC in good hands with in-coming CEO, Shelley Spires. 
Tary has been recognized and commended 
for his leadership and service numerous times throughout his career. Some of his accolades include the 2010 Betsey K. Cook Advocacy MVP Award and the 2015 Spirit of Excellence Award, both from the National Association of Community Health Centers, and two Adminis-trator of the Year Awards from the Georgia Association for Primary Health Care, Inc. His practice has been recognized as the Rural Practice of the Year in 2009 and was listed in the Top 25 Physician Group Practices by At-lanta Business Chronicle in 1997. 
Tary Brown has been a stalwart advocate 
for CHCs on the local, state, and national lev-els and has been a frequent visitor to my Con-gressional office both in Albany and Wash-ington D.C. He also has been active in the community and previously served as President of Georgia Association for Primary Health Care, Inc. 
Tary has achieved much in his life, but none 
of this would have been possible without the love and support of his wife, Lyndea, their three children, and three grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring and recognizing Mr. Tary Brown for his outstanding leadership and his con-tributions to improving the quality of health care in Southwest Georgia. I wish Tary all the best for his retirement and I look forward to his continued friendship and wise counsel in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DOWNTOWN GOLDS-
BORO DEVELOPMENT CORPORA-TION 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize the Downtown Goldsboro Develop-ment Corporation (DGDC) on the occasion of their Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony. The DGDC was established in 1979 as a non- profit organization dedicated to improving Downtown Goldsboro by creating and facili-tating downtown development, promotion, and preservation activities. 
DGDC’s employees and members of its 
board strive to work with local community members, downtown merchants, and other groups to enhance the appearance, desir-ability, and vitality of Downtown Goldsboro. DGDC’s work that started some 36 years ago continues today under the capable leadership of its Executive Director, Ms. Julie M. Metz. 
I have had the pleasure of representing the 
City of Goldsboro since coming to Congress 11 years ago and have witnessed firsthand the renaissance of Downtown Goldsboro. The significant infrastructure improvements and beautification efforts have helped to draw new residents and businesses to the City and 
helped to create jobs and expand the tax base. I was proud to accompany U.S. Secre-taries of Transportation Ray LaHood and An-thony Foxx to Goldsboro. They were equally impressed by the focused efforts of DGDC and the City in pursuing the Goldsboro Master Plan. 
Implementing that long term plan takes stra-
tegic partnerships between federal and local government and individuals and businesses. And it is DGDC’s Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony that recognizes and honors the dedicated work of those that have labored so hard to improve the City of Goldsboro and its vibrant downtown. 
Awardees are honored in a variety of cat-
egories, including awards for Best Curb Ap-peal, Best Promotional or Marketing Effort, Best New Business, Indicator of the Year, the ‘‘Thank You’’ Award, Historic Preservation, Volunteer of the Year, Design Improvement, Advocate of the Year, Board Member of the Year, Outstanding Investor, Most Valuable Supporter, and Outstanding Business of the Year. 
This year’s award recipients are most de-
serving of DGDC’s recognition. They have gone to great lengths on behalf of those who live, work, and visit Downtown Goldsboro. I ask my colleagues join me in congratulating this year’s award recipients and in extending best wishes as they continue to build upon the City’s great successes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, 
September 24, and Friday, September 25, I was attending a funeral in Pennsylvania and unable to be present for recorded votes. 
On September 24, had I been present, I 
would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 507, which would designate a post office in Ches-terfield, MO, as the Sgt. Zackary M. Fisher Post Office. 
On September 25, had I been present, I 
would have voted the following on amend-ments to H.R. 348, the RAPID Act: ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 508, the Lowenthal amendment, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 509, the Grijalva amend-ment, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 510, Gallego amendment; ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 511, the Jackson Lee amendment, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 512, the Dingell amendment, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 513, the Peters amendment, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 514, the Gosar amendment, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 515, Jackson Lee amendment no. two, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 516, the Johnson of Georgia amendment, and ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 517, the Democratic Motion to Recommit. 
I would have proudly voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call 
no. 518, final passage of H.R. 348, the RAPID Act, offered by my friend and colleague T
OM 
MARINO . Since coming to Congress, I have 
been proud to work with him to reduce bur-densome bureaucratic regulations on busi-nesses in Pennsylvania and across the nation. These streamlining provisions will allow shovel ready construction projects to move forward, putting Americans back to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.021 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1376 September 28, 2015 
MOURNING THE PASSING OF 
ESTHER GOLAR 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, Esther Golar was called home by the Lord on Monday, September 21, 2015 at age 71. Esther was born in Chicago, Illinois and was educated here including attending college at Malcolm X; and she was a member of Trinity United Church of Christ. Esther devoted her adult life to a tireless quest for social and eco-nomic justice; and she worked with Alternative Policing Strategy, Neighborhood Housing Services of Chicago and Robert Fulton Ele-mentary Local School Council. In 2006, Esther was appointed to represent the people of Dis-trict 6 of the Illinois State House of Represent-atives and was first elected in 2006 to the Illi-nois House and re-elected again in each elec-tion since and she was known and loved as one of the kindest and most compassionate elected officials in Illinois, a woman who used her powerful voice and enduring passion to selflessly champion for her constituents. 
Esther leaves to mourn her passing her 
daughter: Tiffany Golar; and grandchildren Briana Golar, Toni Thomas, Ananda Thomas and Jayden Golar, along with a massive host of friends and co-workers. 
Now, therefore be it resolved, that we deep-
ly mourn the passing of our dear friend Esther Golar; and be it further resolved, that we ex-press to her family, friends and all who knew her, our appreciation, admiration and respect for her life and works and we commend her soul to the Almighty God for peaceful repose. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. XAVIER BECERRA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and missed roll call vote 508. If present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call 508. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF REP. 
LOUIS STOKES 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, tonight, it is 
an honor to stand before you all and celebrate the life of my good friend, Congressman Lou Stokes. 
Lou was a highly honored member of Kappa 
Alpha Psi fraternity. He was a decorated vet-eran who served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He was one of the original founders of the Congressional Black Caucus, and later its chair from 1972–1974. 
We will miss him here in Congress and 
across the country—he gave us all so much. 
Lou lived his life with an unrelenting opti-
mism—he knew his country could be a better place, and he never ceased to join in that struggle. He shared that quality that so many great men and women possess: a fierce, unre-
lenting, desire to bring about change. 
In 1967, Lou followed that conviction to the 
U.S. Supreme Court, where he argued for the petitioner in Terry v. Ohio, which established the standards under which a police officer may stop a citizen. 
Less than a year later, he became the first 
African-American in Ohio elected to the United States House of Representatives. On Jan. 3, 1969 he took his seat in the House, just a year and three days after his brother—Carl Stokes—was elected Mayor of Cleveland and the first African-American mayor of a major city. 
He was a distinguished member of this 
body, serving on the Appropriations Com-mittee for many years. He also served as Chairman of the House Select Committee on Assassinations, investigating the assassina-tions of President John F. Kennedy and Dr. Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr., and as Chairman of the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, now the House Ethics Committee. 
If there was one thing you knew about Lou, 
it was that you could find him fighting for what is right no matter how difficult the challenge or ominous the odds. It was—quite simply—an honor to call him my friend and my colleague. To have fought with him for 30 years has given my own time in this body a special meaning. 
I have passed along my condolences to his 
family—his wife Jay, his daughters Shelly, An-gela, and Lori, and his son Chuck Stokes, an Editorial Director with Detroit’s WXYZ News. I thank them for sharing Lou with those who loved him and a country that needed him. 
Congressman Louis Stokes left behind a 
record of accomplishment that will continue to benefit the people of Cleveland, the American public, and this body for many years. 
f 
POPE FRANCIS’ VISIT AND CALL 
TO DEFEND AND PRESERVE THE DIGNITY OF ALL 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, September 28, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, last week His 
Holiness Pope Francis addressed a Joint Ses-sion of Congress—an address that I, like many, found to be both profound and provoca-tive. 
Pope Francis’ first visit to our country coin-
cided with a time when our nation as he stat-ed, is ‘‘marking the anniversaries of several great Americans’’, including Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., who fifty years ago led the Selma-to-Montgomery marches in order to achieve full civil and political rights for African- Americans. 
These marches culminated in the enactment 
of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which offered African-Americans a piece of Dr. King’s dream of equality, fairness, and justice. 
Yet, our nation continues to struggle with 
ensuring racial equality and voter enfranchise-ment; we have, as Pope Francis stated at the White House last week, ‘‘defaulted on a prom-issory note’’, but now is the time to honor it.’’ 
Let us continue to strive to follow the advice 
of Pope Francis and as envisioned by Dr. King—‘‘to foster a culture which enables peo-ple to dream of full rights for all our brothers and sisters, instead of creating one which lim-its opportunity and growth.’’ We could take a big step in that direction by 
passing the bipartisan Voting Rights Amend-ment Act of 2015, H.R. 885. 
I urge all of my colleagues to cosponsor this 
important legislation and urge the Republican Leadership to bring it to the floor for a vote without delay. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-
tember 29, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
f 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 30 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Depart-
ment of Education and student achievement. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, 
and Investment 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Securities Investor Protection Cor-poration. 
SD–538 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and 
Wildlife 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Army Corps of Engineers’ partici-pation in the development of the new regulatory definition of ‘‘Waters of the United States’’. 
SD–406 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to consider S. 799, to 
combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-drome, S. 1893, to reauthorize and im-prove programs related to mental health and substance use disorders, S. 481, to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registra-tion of manufacturers and distributors 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28SE8.025 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1377 September 28, 2015 
seeking to conduct clinical testing, and 
other pending calendar business. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xavier Neals, both to be United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. 
SD–226 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine financing 
higher education, focusing on exploring current challenges and potential alter-natives. 
SD–562 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold closed hearings to examine the 
economic crisis in Ukraine. 
S–116 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-
sight and Emergency Management 
To hold hearings to examine end of the 
year spending. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. 
SR–418 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine pension ad-
vances. 
SD–562 
OCTOBER 1 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the procure-
ment, acquisition, testing, and over-sight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class 
aircraft carrier program. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘American Crude Oil Ex-port Equality Act’’. 
SD–538 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine improper 
payments in Federal programs. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider the nomi-
nations of Scott Allen, of Maryland, to be United States Director of the Euro-pean Bank for Reconstruction and De-velopment, Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Development, Barbara Lee, of Cali-fornia, and Christopher H. Smith, of New Jersey, both to be a Representa-tive of the United States of America to the Seventieth Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, and Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, John L. Estrada, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trin-idad and Tobago, David R. Gilmour, of 
Texas, to be Ambassador to the Togo-lese Republic, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Ambassador to the Central African Republic, Edwin Rich-ard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname, David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (Conflict and Stabiliza-tion Operations), and to be Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization, Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Benin, Jen-nifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the United Mexican States, all of the Department of State; to be im-mediately followed by a hearing to ex-amine the civil nuclear agreement in South Korea. 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine achieving 
the promise of health information technology. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1814, to 
withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities. 
SD–226 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine the signifi-
cant costs and related burdens for small businesses resulting from the Gold King Mine waste water spill near Silverton, Colorado. 
SR–428A 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Robert Porter Jackson, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Ghana, Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Zimbabwe, Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, and Dennis B. Hankins, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea, all of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-
tional Interest 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Administration’s FY 2016 refugee resettlement program, including fiscal and security implications. 
SD–226 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 2031, to 
reduce temporarily the royalty re-quired to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands. 
SD–366 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
OCTOBER 6 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the situa-
tion in Afghanistan; with the possi-bility of a closed session in SVC–217, 
following the open session. 
SD–G50 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the poten-
tial modernization of the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve and related energy se-curity issues. 
SD–366 
OCTOBER 7 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine S. 817, to 
provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Res-ervation Act to make technical correc-tions, S. 1436, to require the Secretary 
of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Fed-eral land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indi-ans, S. 1986, to provide for a land con-veyance in the State of Nevada, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians. 
SD–628 
OCTOBER 8 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine H.R. 2898, to 
provide drought relief in the State of California, S. 1894, to provide short- term water supplies to drought-strick-en California, S. 1936, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1583, to au-thorize the expansion of an existing hy-droelectric project, and S. 2046, to au-thorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order con-tinuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydro-electric project in the State of Alaska. 
SD–366 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 414, to 
provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and develop-ment of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, S. 872, to provide for the recognition of certain Native communities and the settlement of certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1295 and H.R. 1324, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National For-est, Colorado, S. 1448, to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanc-tuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Fed-eral land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include addi-tional land in the Kaibab National For-est, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to au-thorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M28SE8.000 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1378 September 28, 2015 
White River National Forest in the 
State of Colorado, S. 1955, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 1971, to expand the boundary of the Cali-fornia Coastal National Monument, and S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon. 
SD–366 OCTOBER 20 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, both of the Department of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be Inspec-tor General, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be 
an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of the Interior. 
SD–366 
OCTOBER 27 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Office of Surface Mining, Reclama-tion, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M28SE8.000 E28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1020 Monday, September 28, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6961–S6981. 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2083–2090, and S. Res. 271.
                                                          Pages S6974–75 
Measures Reported: 
S. 766, to limit the retrieval of data from vehicle 
event data recorders. (S. Rept. No. 114–147) 
S. 627, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–148)
                                                                       Page S6974 
Measures Passed: 
Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care 
Act: Senate passed S. 599, to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                       Pages S6979–80 
Dinosaur National Monument Day: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 271, recognizing the 100th anni-versary of Dinosaur National Monument and desig-nating October 4, 2015, as ‘‘Dinosaur National Monument Day’’.
                                                       Page S6980 
House Messages: 
TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act— 
Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the 
amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security Administration to con-form to existing Federal law and regulations regard-ing criminal investigator positions, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6963–66 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689, making continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016.
              Page S6963 McConnell Amendment No. 2690 (to Amend-
ment No. 2689), to change the enactment date. (Senate earlier failed to table the amendment.) 
                                                                                            Page S6963 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 77 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. 271), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689 (listed above). 
                                                                                            Page S6966 
McConnell motion to refer the House message on 
the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2691, to change the enactment date, fell when cloture was in-voked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689.
                           Pages S6963, S6966 
McConnell Amendment No. 2692 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2691), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell motion to refer the House message on the bill to the Committee on Ap-propriations, with instructions, McConnell Amend-ment No. 2691 (listed above) fell.
    Pages S6963, S6966 
McConnell Amendment No. 2693 (to Amend-
ment No. 2692), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2692 (to (the instruc-tions) Amendment No. 2691) (listed above) fell. 
                                                                            Pages S6963, S6966 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 29, 2015; and that all time during the recess or adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McCon-nell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 2689 (listed above).
                                                                             Page S6980 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE5.REC D28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1021 September 28, 2015 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, and Navy.                                               Pages S6980 81 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6974 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6974 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S6974 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6975–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6976–77 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6973–74 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6977–79 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6979 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—271)                                                                 Page S6966 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4:30 p.m. and 
adjourned at 7:28 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, September 29, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the 
remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6980.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
MIGRATION CRISIS IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND EUROPE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on the migration crisis in the Middle East and Europe from Simon Henshaw, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Popu-lation, Migration, and Refugees; Barbara Strack, Chief of Refugee Affairs, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Security; and Maria Cancian, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Policy, Administration for Children and Families. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3620–3634; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 445–446 were introduced.
                         Page H6306 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6307–08 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2061, to amend section 5000A of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–268); and 
H. Res. 444, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions, and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of cer-tain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (H. Rept. 114–269).
                                  Page H6306 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6263 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:08 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H6264 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3 p.m.                                                           Page H6265 Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Protecting Affordable Coverage for Employees 
Act: H.R. 1624, amended, to amend title I of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer;
              Pages H6265–67 
Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015: S. 136, to amend 
chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or de-ceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service;
                                                 Pages H6267–68 
Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015: 
H.R. 313, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability;
             Pages H6268–69 
Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Savings Act of 
2015: S. 565, to reduce the operation and mainte-
nance costs associated with the Federal fleet by en-couraging the use of remanufactured parts; 
                                                                                    Pages H6269–71 
GONE Act: H.R. 3089, amended, to close out ex-
pired grants;                                                          Pages H6271–72 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE5.REC D28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1022 September 28, 2015 
Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2015: 
H.R. 3614, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure au-thority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund; 
                                                                                    Pages H6272–75 
EACH Act: H.R. 2061, amended, to amend sec-
tion 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate; 
                                                                                    Pages H6275–76 
Ensuring Access to Clinical Trials Act of 2015: 
S. 139, to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to in-dividuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions;
                                     Pages H6276–79 
Higher Education Extension Act of 2015: H.R. 
3594, to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program;
                                                     Pages H6279–81 
Amending the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 
2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the min-imum wage applicable to American Samoa: H.R. 
2617, amended, to amend the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2007 to postpone a scheduled increase in the minimum wage applicable to American Samoa; 
                                                                                    Pages H6281–84 
Cross-Border Rail Security Act of 2015S: H.R. 
2786, to require the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to submit a report on cross- border rail security, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 412 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 520; 
                                                                      Pages H6284–85, H6291 
Border Jobs for Veterans Act of 2015: H.R. 
2835, amended, to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border Protection Offi-cers, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 410 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 519; and 
                                                                Pages H6285–87, H6290–91 
Mandatory Price Reporting Act of 2015: Concur 
in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments.
                                                                      Pages H6287–90 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:28 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H6290 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6265. 
Senate Referral: S. 2082 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H6265 Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6290–91, and H6291. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:52 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
WOMEN’S PUBLIC HEALTH AND SAFETY ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 3495, the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a closed rule for H.R. 3495. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported from the Rules Committee through the legislative day of October 1, 2015. Tes-timony was heard from Representatives Blackburn and Schakowsky. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine the Transportation Security Administration’s efforts to ad-dress inspector general findings, 11:15 a.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
United States Cybersecurity policy and threats; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the nominations of Adewale Adeyemo, of California, and Amias Moore Gerety, of Connecticut, both to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Jay Neal Lerner, of Illinois, to be Inspector 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE5.REC D28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1023 September 28, 2015 
General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 10 a.m., 
SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine pipeline safety, focusing on oversight of our nation’s pipeline network, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine economy-wide implications of President Obama’s air agenda, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife, to re-
ceive a briefing on the Endangered Species Act, focusing on perspectives from the Fish and Wildlife Service and State governors, 2 p.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine finan-
cial and economic challenges in Puerto Rico, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on the humanitarian crisis, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and Inter-
national Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to exam-ine the changing landscape of United States-China Rela-tions, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the impact of exposure to toxic chemicals on veterans and the VA’s response, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Bio-
technology, Horticulture and Research, hearing to high-light research innovations achieved by our nation’s agri-cultural colleges and universities, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Outside Perspectives on the Department of De-fense Cyber Strategy’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘USAF Bomber Force Structure—current requirements and future vision’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Protecting Local Business Opportunity Act’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘An Over-due Checkup: Examining the ACA’s State Insurance Mar-ketplaces’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: How the Sharing Economy Creates Jobs, Benefits Consumers, and 
Raises Policy Questions’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 8, the ‘‘North 
American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3242, the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poisoning Pre-vention Act of 2015’’; and Proposed Matters for Inclusion in Reconciliation Recommendations, 4 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘The Impact of Domestic Regulatory Standards on the U.S. Insurance Market’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Counterterrorism Efforts in Syria: A Winning Strategy?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice, hearing on H.R. ll , the 
‘‘Fraudulent Joinder Prevention Act of 2015’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and 
Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Healthy Competition? An Examination of the Proposed Health Insurance Merg-ers and the Consequent Impact on Competition’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, 
Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The Potential Impli-cations of Pending Marine National Monument Designa-tions’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled 
‘‘State, Local, and Tribal Approaches to Forest Manage-ment: Lessons for Better Management of our Federal For-ests’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing on H.R. 286, the ‘‘Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians Restoration Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 872, the ‘‘Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Long-worth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Planned Parenthood’s Taxpayer Funding’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Astrobiology and the Search for Life Beyond Earth in the Next Decade’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce; and Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight and Regulations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklist: Are Small Businesses Guilty Until Proven Innocent?’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup 
on legislative proposals in response to the reconciliation directive included in section 2002 of S. Con. Res. 11, 10:15 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28SE5.REC D28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1024 September 28, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, September 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the message to accompany H.R. 719, TSA Office of Inspection Accountability Act, post-cloture. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, September 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 3495— 
Women’s Public Health and Safety Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E1369 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1375 Barr, Andy, Ky., E1370 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1376 Becerra, Xavier, Calif., E1376 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1375 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1374 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1371 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1372 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1375 Carson, Andre ´, Ind., E1371 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1372 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1373 
Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E1373 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1376 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1374 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1376 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1372 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1373 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1368, E1369 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1370 Jolly, David W., Fla., E1368 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1372 Kato, John, N.Y., E1369 Keating, William R., Mass., E1367 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E1367 Lewis, John, Ga., E1371, E1371 
Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1367 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1372 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1368 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1370 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1371 
Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1369 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1367 Scott, Austin, Ga., E1374 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1371 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1373 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:53 Sep 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28SE5.REC D28SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST