Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1903 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 2015 No. 50 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 25, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable A LEXANDER  
X. M OONEY to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Tim Crumpton, Cleburne 
County Baptist Church, Heber Springs, Arkansas, offered the following prayer: 
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You, 
Almighty God, for the promise in Your holy Word that says whosoever believes in Your only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, has everlasting life. 
Thank you, Lord, for the freedoms 
and blessings that still remain in our great country. Thank You for those that stood strong for the Biblical prin-ciples that have shaped us, and also for those that fought for these principles that have kept us free. 
Lord, please forgive the sins of our 
Nation. Your Word promises: ‘‘Right-eousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.’’ 
Lord, please help this Congress and 
their families. When each item of legis-lation is presented, help these men and women to seek Your wisdom and per-form their duties ethically, remem-bering always the people they rep-resent and also Your principles that have continued to preserve this coun-try. 
In the name of Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. G OHMERT ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GOHMERT led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND TIM 
CRUMPTON 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) is recognized for 1 
minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize my friend, Pastor Tim Crumpton of Heber Springs, Arkansas, 
for his service today as guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
I have personally had the pleasure of 
knowing Pastor Crumpton for the past several years, and I am humbled by the leadership that he has shown his com-munity through his dedication to God and Scripture. 
Ever since he was a young man, Pas-
tor Crumpton has been involved in var-ious ministries, and he holds a bach-
elor’s degree and master’s degree in Christian education. In 1995, he began traveling with his family, preaching in children’s ministries, Christian youth camps, and singing in churches throughout the States and several countries abroad. Today, he serves as the pastor of the Cleburne County Bap-tist Church in Heber Springs, Arkan-sas. 
Tim and his wife, Shannon, met at a 
youth camp and will be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary next month. They have five children, one daughter-in-law, and one grandson. 
Please join me in thanking Pastor 
Crumpton for leading us in prayer as today’s guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 
consultation among the Speaker and the majority and minority leaders, and with their consent, the Chair an-nounces that, when the two Houses meet in joint meeting to hear an ad-dress by His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, only the doors immediately opposite the Speak-er and those immediately to his left and right will be open. 
No one will be allowed on the floor of 
the House who does not have the privi-lege of the floor of the House. Due to the large attendance that is antici-pated, the rule regarding the privilege 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.000 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1904 March 25, 2015 
of the floor must be strictly enforced. 
Children of Members will not be per-mitted on the floor. The cooperation of all Members is requested. 
The practice of reserving seats prior 
to the joint meeting by placard will not be allowed. Members may reserve their seats by physical presence only following the security sweep of the Chamber. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Thurs-day, March 19, 2015, the House stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly, (at 10 o’clock and 6 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
JOINT MEETING TO HEAR AN AD-
DRESS BY HIS EXCELLENCY MO-HAMMAD ASHRAF GHANI, PRESI-DENT OF THE ISLAMIC REPUB-LIC OF AFGHANISTAN 
During the recess, the House was 
called to order by the Speaker at 10 o’clock and 56 minutes a.m. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the Vice President and Members of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representatives, the Vice President taking the chair at the right of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. 
The SPEAKER. The joint meeting 
will come to order. 
The Chair appoints as members of 
the committee on the part of the House to escort His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, into the Chamber: 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
M
CCARTHY ); 
The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
SCALISE ); 
The gentlewoman from Washington 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ); 
The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. 
WALDEN ); 
The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. 
MESSER ); 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. F OXX); 
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
ROGERS ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
ROYCE ); 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
THORNBERRY ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
NUNES ); 
The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN ); 
The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
GRANGER ); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. P ELOSI ); 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
BECERRA ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
CROWLEY ); 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut 
(Ms. D ELAURO ); The gentlewoman from Maryland 
(Ms. E DWARDS ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
ENGEL ); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. E SHOO ); 
The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
JACKSON LEE); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Mrs. S USAN DAVIS); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
SCHIFF ); and 
The gentleman from Massachusetts 
(Mr. M OULTON ). 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presi-
dent of the Senate, at the direction of that body, appoints the following Sen-ators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort His Ex-cellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, into the House Chamber: 
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ); 
The Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN); 
The Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ); 
The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. 
BARRASSO ); 
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. 
BLUNT ); 
The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ); 
The Senator from Tennessee (Mr. 
CORKER ); 
The Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN); 
The Senator from Washington (Mrs. 
MURRAY ); 
The Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TA-
BENOW ); 
The Senator from New Jersey (Mr. 
MENENDEZ ); and 
The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. 
MURPHY ). 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Acting Dean of the Diplomatic Corps, Her Excellency Dr. Alia Hatoug Bouran, the Ambas-sador of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic 
Corps entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seat re-served for her. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Cabinet of the President of the United States. 
The Members of the Cabinet of the 
President of the United States entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
At 11 o’clock and 4 minutes a.m., the 
Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable Paul D. Irving, announced His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. 
The President of the Islamic Repub-
lic of Afghanistan, escorted by the committee of Senators and Representa-tives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of Con-
gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, 
President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) President ASHRAF GHANI. In the 
name of God the merciful, the compas-sionate, Speaker B
OEHNER ; Vice Presi-
dent B IDEN; Senate Majority Leader 
MCCONNELL ; House Majority Leader 
MCCARTHY ; House minority leader, Ms. 
PELOSI ; Senate minority leader, Mr. 
REID; ladies and gentlemen of the Con-
gress, please allow me to thank you for your gracious invitation to address this unique forum of deliberative de-mocracy. 
Above all else, I would like to begin 
by thanking the people of the United States, whose generous support for my country has been of such immense value in advancing the cause of free-dom. 
More than 1 million brave Americans 
have served in Afghanistan. They have come to know our snowcapped moun-tains, our verdant valleys, our wind-swept deserts, our parched fields, our unharnessed, flowing rivers, and our plains of waving wheat. 
But more important than knowing 
our geography, they have come to de-fend and to know our people. And in re-turn, the people of Afghanistan recog-nize the bravery of your soldiers and the tremendous sacrifices that Ameri-cans have made to keep Afghanistan free. 
We owe a profound debt to the 2,315 
servicemen and -women killed and the more than 20,000 who have been wound-ed in service to your country and ours. We owe a profound debt to the soldiers who have lost limbs to buried bombs, to the brave veterans, and to the fami-lies who tragically lost their loved ones to the enemies’ cowardly acts of terror. 
We owe a profound debt to the many 
Americans who have come to build schools, repair wells, and cure the sick. And we must acknowledge with appre-ciation that at the end of the day, it is the ordinary Americans whose hard- earned taxes have over the years built the partnership that has led to our con-versation today. I want to thank the American taxpayer and you, their rep-resentatives, for supporting us. 
The service of American men and 
women—civilian or military—in our country has been made possible by the bipartisan support of the Congress of the United States. On behalf of our own parliament and people, I salute and thank you. It has always been a pleas-ure to receive and interact with Con-gressmen and -women during your vis-its to Afghanistan. Please do come again and again, and if you are reserv-ists, please come in your proud uni-forms. I had a unique opportunity that, when Senator G
RAHAM was dressed as a 
colonel, I asked him to salute a three- star British general, and he complied. So thank you. 
Veterans will always be welcome in 
Afghanistan. Our deepest hope is that the time will come when Americans visiting our country see the cultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.002 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1905 March 25, 2015 
heritage and natural riches of the 
Bamiyan valley; the ancient Timurid architecture of Her-at and Mazar-e- Sharif; the fishing streams of Badakshan and Takhar; the forests of Khost, Kunar, Nuristan, and Paktia; and the ancient architecture of Farah, Helmand, and Nimroz, not as soldiers, but as parents showing their children the beautiful country where they 
served in the war that defeated terror. On behalf of my entire country, when that day comes, you will be our most welcome and honored guests. 
America’s support to Afghanistan 
has been led by a succession of remark-able generals. I am proud to have known and worked with Dan McNeill, David McKiernan, Stanley McChrystal, David Petraeus, John Allen, Joseph Dunford, and John Campbell. Their commitment and dedication is inspira-tional. These generals lived in simple quarters. They worked tirelessly through the night. And their leadership of their troops has set an example that our generals are working hard to fol-
low. 
Your civilian leaders are no less in-
spirational. Ambassadors such as Ron-ald Neumann, Zal Khalilzad, Karl Eikenberry, Ryan Crocker, James Cunningham, and my good friend Mi-chael McKinley give American diplo-macy first-class leadership and stra-tegic understanding. And I would be re-miss not to mention the stimulating conversations with my friends from this Chamber, like J
OHN MCCAIN, 
LINDSEY GRAHAM , Carl Levin, and 
many of your visitors. But I must also acknowledge the deeply appreciated contributions of the aid workers and NGOs who are the day-to-day rep-resentatives of your country. I have met people from all 50 States of the Union, from Senators and Representa-tives to construction workers and com-puter operators. I want to thank all of them for introducing the best of Amer-ica to the people of Afghanistan. 
And finally, I would like to thank 
President Obama. He is an admirable and principled partner. His support for Afghanistan has always been condi-tional on our performance. I like and appreciate his clear and disciplined ap-proach to American engagement. Thanks to his strict rigor, we were en-couraged and supported to build up the Afghan Armed Forces into the self-reli-ant army that it is today. Because he stood firm on the deadline for the surge and the transition, the U.S. Army pulled off a logistical near miracle, first deploying and then withdrawing more than 100,000 soldiers without a hitch and timed to deadline. And it is thanks to his promise to America to end active combat that we saw a seam-less handover of responsibility for all combat operations from your side to ours on December 31, 2014. 
U.S. soldiers are no longer engaged in 
combat. But we are delighted to have them in the train, assess, and advice mission. 
Tragedy brought our two countries 
together, but it is our shared interests and values that will keep us together. 
September 11, 2001, was not a distant image that I watched on the emotion-less screen of television. It was hor-rific, and it was personal. I was in my office at the World Bank when the first plane smashed into the World Trade Center and forever changed the lives of each and every one of us. 
New York is a special place for me 
and my family. My wife and I are both graduates of Columbia University. I was another beneficiary of Americans’ wonderful generosity that has built so many longstanding friendships through its unparalleled universities. I ate corned beef at Katz’s, New York’s greatest, greasiest, pickle-lined melt-ing pot. 
Close friends were working near the 
Trade Center. My children were born in New York City, and my daughter was living in New York when the Twin Towers fell. I visited Ground Zero that very week. Seeing firsthand the trag-edy and devastation drove home the re-alization that after 9/11, the world would never be the same. I went home knowing that America would seek jus-tice, and I began to write the plan for our national reconstruction. 
Indeed, justice came swiftly. Al 
Qaeda terrorists were killed or driven underground. The Taliban, acknowl-edging their losses after the initial en-counters, quickly vacated the cities, with their leadership moving to Paki-stan and their rank and file returning to their villages. 
There was considerable anxiety about 
how the Afghan people would respond to the American presence. The issue was put to rest by the welcome ac-corded to the American soldiers and ci-vilians as partners. Even today, despite the thankfully rare if no less tragic ‘‘green on blue’’ incidents by Taliban infiltrators, the overwhelming major-ity of Afghans continue to see partner-ship with the United States as foundational to our future. There is no better proof of this than last October’s overwhelming and immediate par-liamentary approval of the bilateral se-curity agreement and the status of forces agreement, both of which testify to our desire to continue the partner-ship. 
Afghanistan has been the front line 
of the global battle against extremists. America, as a result, has been safe, but that safety has been ensured through the loss of American and Afghan lives in the fight against terror. 
We have made great sacrifices—we 
Afghans—but then it is our patriotic duty to do so. You, on the other hand, had a choice; and when you came to a fork in the road, you chose to do the right thing. 
Thank you. Most recently, due to the refusal of 
our previous government to sign the bi-lateral security agreement and the sta-tus of forces agreement with NATO, we had lost momentum, and both partners had to operate under uncertainty, re-sulting in some 8 months of lost time in the most critical moment of transi-
tion. 
You could have used this opportunity 
to end the partnership and return home in frustration, but you did not. Thanks to the flexibility shown by President Obama and Congress, we have made up for the loss and have regained momen-tum without breaking, by even a day, the promise of President Obama to the American people that the U.S. combat role would end on December 31, 2014. 
Thank you for staying with us. I would like to talk a little about our 
partnership because it is evolving. We are starting to balance the focus on se-curity with a new emphasis on the rule of law and justice, growth, and the pur-suit of peace and reconciliation. 
The framework for our future rela-
tionship is defined by our Strategic Partnership Agreement and the bilat-eral security agreement. On your side, 
you have reaffirmed your commitment to support Afghanistan. On our side, we will focus on self-reliance. To get there, we have initiated reforms that will create a self-sustaining Afghani-stan. 
I know the American people are ask-
ing the same question as the Afghan people: Will we have the resources to provide a sustained basis for our oper-ation? The answer is: within this dec-ade, we will. 
As the current phase of our relation-
ship draws to a close, our appreciation for the depth of America’s contribution to our people cannot be measured in words alone, but it can be seen quite literally in the number of Afghans whose futures have been changed thanks to America and its allies. 
On September 10, 2001—this will no 
longer shock you—there were no girls enrolled in school in Afghanistan. It was illegal to educate girls. Today, more than 3 million girls in primary schools across the country are learning to openly and actively participate in the future of a democratic Afghani-stan. 
Their parents thank you. In 2002, when the allies built their 
first clinics, the average lifespan of the ordinary Afghan was 44 years. Today, it is over 60. 
Their children thank you. Today, the rate of maternal mor-
tality in our poor country remains un-acceptably high, but thanks to the im-mense effort you have made to build clinics and to train nurses, an Afghan woman is no longer more likely to die because she gives birth to a child than if she had somehow fought on the front line of combat. 
Their husbands and their children 
thank you. 
Our partnership with America and its 
allies has brought our country hope where we had none. We would, once again, like to thank you for that won-derful gift from your people to ours, the gift of hope; but, in Afghanistan, there is a saying that no gift can re-main unreciprocated. 
Today, I would like to return that 
gift of reborn hope by offering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.003 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1906 March 25, 2015 
American people a partnership with a 
nation that is committed to the cause of freedom and that will join the fight against the growing threat of ter-rorism. 
I will use my remarks today to tell 
America the history of how a future Afghanistan came to be. It is a story about how a poor country that relied on foreign help became a self-reliant nation where free trade and the rule of law let Afghan businesses create jobs and prosperity for its people. It is also a story about how a country that had been ravaged by conflict became a plat-form for peace and regional stability and prosperity. 
Ladies and gentlemen, the story 
about Afghanistan’s path to self-reli-ance has already started. It began with last year’s election and the formation of our national unity government. Af-ghanistan’s external image is of a tra-ditional country that has been frozen in time; but my partner and the CEO of Afghanistan, Dr. Abdullah Abdullah, and I ran intense and passionate cam-paigns on the most modern of issues, such as the need to end corruption, taking the actions that will build transparency into government, and guaranteeing support for the impartial rule of law. Campaigns became forums for public debate. 
In the final election, not only did 
more than 7 million Afghans turn out to the polls, but more than 38 percent of the votes were cast by women, many of whom had never previously had the chance to speak politically with their own voices. 
There is no denying that the election 
was hard fought, but in the end, we chose the politics of unity over the pol-itics of division. The national unity government brings together all parts of the country to make the government the arena where disputes are raised and resolved. 
Dr. Abdullah and myself may not ini-
tially agree on every issue, but we both believe deeply that spirited debate will produce better outcomes than will confrontational stalemate. We not only work together, we like working well together. 
The Afghanistan country, to world 
perception, is well suited to democ-racy. Like Americans, Afghans are in-dividualists. None of us defers to any-one else. We have neither had caste nor class, so persuading each other is an art form. 
Our key characteristics are our open-
ness and hospitality. We believe in equality. Even in the most traditional parts of the country, our leadership must earn rather than inherit their po-sitions. There is a strong public con-science. People are expected to act for the common good. We love debate. 
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow 
me to introduce you to Afghanistan. We are an old country with a proud heritage and a history of trade with our neighbors. We have had bills of ex-change for at least 2,000 years, and our women could write 2,500 years ago. For at least three millennia, we have been 
a hub for the caravans and trade net-works that spread across Asia, bringing Chinese silks and Indian textiles to an-cient Rome and Renaissance Italy. 
The 19th century disrupted this 
world, as it did in so many other places. Afghanistan became an isolated buffer caught between two expanding empires. The emergence of the Soviet Union further isolated our country, culminating in the 1979 invasion and the subsequent war of resistance. 
Today, however, the isolation is over. 
First, awareness is growing that Af-ghanistan is, quite literally, the heart of Asia. Asia cannot become a conti-nental economy without us. Asia, in the next 25 years, will have its 1869 mo-ment—the year that the East and West Coasts of the United States were joined through the transcontinental railway— but this completion of a new, inter-connected Asia cannot happen without us. We are in the midst of 3
1⁄2billion 
people, and we should be able to export something and not just import. 
Our fragmented geography can once 
again become the opportunity for inte-grating central, west, east, and south Asia into a network that supports sta-bility and prosperity over a vast swath of the world’s surface. Diplomatic ef-forts to advance integration can free up cross-border trade and support multicountry investments in energy, transport, and water; and this, again, is beginning. The first major project be-tween central Asia and south Asia, called CASA 1000, for transmitting en-ergy from Kyrgyzstan to Pakistan is already underway. 
I truly believe that diplomatic ef-
forts backed by the leaders of our coun-tries will build the peace and pros-perity for south and central Asia in the same way that the common market has done so for Europe and ASEAN has done for our neighboring region to the east. We envisage an Afghanistan that in 20 years has become a hub of trade and gas pipelines, power transmission lines, railways, modern telecom, and banking services; but American sup-port for all of these is essential, and we thank you for that commitment. 
Ladies and gentlemen, if one story of 
our future history is bright, there is another, darker cloud that is making its way towards our country. Afghani-stan’s security transition took place against the backdrop of the unexpected rise of religious extremism in the Mid-dle East. The promise of the Arab Spring gave way to the emergence of Daesh terror and collapse of states, but the changed ecology of terror could have not formed without some states tolerating, financing, providing sanc-tuary, and using violent, nonstate ac-tors as instruments of shortsighted policies. 
It is critical that the world under-
stand the terrible threat that the Daesh and its allied forces pose to the states of western and central Asia. Ter-rorist movements, whose goal is to de-stabilize every state in the region, are looking for new bases of operation. We 
are the front line, but terrorists nei-ther recognize boundaries nor require passports to spread their message of hate and discord. From the west, the Daesh is already sending advance guards to southern and western Af-ghanistan to test our vulnerabilities. To the south, Pakistan’s counterinsur-gency operations, in which more than 40,000 people have already died, are pushing the Taliban from South Waziristan toward Afghanistan’s bor-der region. 
Criminalization of the economy is an 
indispensable part of this new ecology of terror. Control over the narcotics trade is providing the financing for these groups to find weapons and re-cruits, blurring the lines between criminal economics and criminal poli-tics. 
Each of these groups poses a clear 
and present danger to our neighbors, to the Arab-Islamic world, and to the world at large. Afghanistan is carrying forward everyone’s fight by containing this threat. But extremism is becoming a system, one that, like a dangerous virus, is constantly mutating, becom-ing more lethal, very media savvy, well financed, and thriving on state weak-ness and an overall lack of regional co-ordination. 
To date, Afghanistan’s people have 
rejected the allure of violent move-ments. We are willing to speak truth to terror. 
Military fighting may stem the ad-
vance of extremism, but it will not put an end to the anger and hatred being promulgated across Muslim majority countries by these groups. That hatred must be challenged and overcome from within the religion of Islam. 
The heart of the issue remains who is 
entitled to speak for Islam. Leaders, intellectuals, and those many millions of Muslims who believe that Islam is a religion of tolerance and virtue must find their voice. Silence is not accept-able. 
But silence is not what the world will 
hear from us. Afghanistan is joining a new consensus that is emerging in the Muslim world, a consensus that rejects intolerance, extremism, and war. Scholars such as Fredrick Starr have documented beautifully central Asia’s long tradition of rationalism and sci-entific inquiry. During Islam’s Golden Age, Muslim scholars synthesized and recorded all known knowledge of the medieval world, giving the world ad-vances in algebra, astronomy, water re-source management, printing, and posi-tive science. This is the Islamic civili-zation that needs to reinvent itself. 
The Islamic world must understand 
its own gloriously tolerant and inquisi-tive past. It must reengage with the world openly and without paranoia of encirclement. 
We, the unity government of Afghan-
istan, know that Islam is a religion of 
peace. We are responding to extremist threats by building partnerships at the global, regional, Islamic, and national levels of governance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1907 March 25, 2015 
Globally, Afghanistan abides by 
international conventions and the rule of law. We are staunch supporters of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which is firmly embedded in our Constitution, obliging the state to achieve these rights for our citizens. We are committed to supporting our independent human rights commission, and I am pleased that Dr. Sima Samar, a tireless champion of human rights, is a member of this delegation and is today sitting in the audience of this great Chamber. And our government will join the free trade system and har-monized investment rules that build prosperity and promote peace. 
Regionally, we are engaging our 
neighbors across Asia to build trust and trade. Afghanistan will become a platform for cooperation in a vast re-gion that extends from India to Azer-baijan and beyond. We have already made significant headway in making the vision of the Lapis Lazuli Corridor that will link us to Turkmenistan, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey, and Eu-rope into a reality. Thank you, Mem-bers of Congress, for wearing Lapis La-zuli. 
The Arab Islamic world, from Saudi 
Arabia and United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Iran, is keenly aware of the new threats, and we hope they will soon agree on a regional framework for cooperation. The recent declaration of a Council of Ulema across the Muslim world may well be a historic turning point in building that alliance. 
Condemnation of terror by this larg-
est gathering of Muslim Ulema is an unprecedented step in acknowledgment of the shortcomings of Muslim major-ity country governments. 
Properly supported, Afghanistan is 
uniquely positioned to block the spread of extremism. We have none of the his-torical inferiority complexes that fuel the resentment against Western domi-nation. After all, we defeated most of the empires. 
With the bitter exception of the aber-
rant Taliban regime, Afghan Islam has traditionally been inclusive and reflec-tive, not violent and angry. And after 36 years of conflict, our people are well- vaccinated against the seduction of ideologically based conflicts. 
Our people, our children, desperately 
want to be normal. Ordinary is what has escaped us—and we would really like to be leading ordinary lives: to go to school and come back, to shop with-out being blown up, to play volleyball without being attacked. So many chil-dren I have held in my arms who have been mutilated. That must not be per-mitted and cannot be permitted and will not be permitted. 
For Afghanistan to oppose the vio-
lence of extremists, we must turn our sights to the struggle to end the condi-tions that give rise to extremism in the first place. Our effort begins with the 
frank recognition of our problems and the challenges that we must tackle with determination and commitment. 
Nearly 40 years of conflict have pro-
duced a country where corruption per-meates our government. Until we root 
out this cancer, our government will never generate the trust to win the hearts of our people or the trust of your taxpayers. We will eliminate cor-ruption. 
On our second day in office, we tack-
led the notorious case of Kabul Bank, which for years had lay in abeyance. I am pleased to report to you that all the court systems of Afghanistan, in-cluding the supreme court, has now made a decision against these thieves and has allowed us to collect from them. And we will collect and get the public purse refilled. 
Ladies and gentlemen, ending corrup-
tion and impunity are the precursors of self-reliance, but the true test will be whether we can restore the fiscal basis of public expenditure. We must create an environment where private invest-ment, sustainable natural resources, and critical market-linking infrastruc-ture development provide our youth with jobs, help us balance the budget, and launch the virtuous cycle that will let freed markets build our nation’s wealth. 
Here, I am pleased to report that we 
are reversing decades of mismanage-ment. We have just reached an agree-ment with IMF. But, most signifi-cantly, we are determined to create the wealth that will not make us depend-ent. 
During this decade, we can assure 
you that we will be able to pay both for our security and delivery of our serv-
ices. 
If economic growth is the first foun-
dation block of self-reliance, the sec-ond foundation is with the education of Afghanistan’s women. 
No country in the modern world can 
be self-reliant with half of its popu-lation locked away, uneducated and unable to contribute its energy, cre-ativity, and drive to national develop-ment. 
We have a tradition of respecting 
women. And let us not forget the larg-est trader in Arabia was the wife of the Prophet. And the greater transmitter of knowledge—the authentic sayings of the Prophet—was his second wife. 
Aberrant customs do not replace the 
fundamental sense of justice between men and women that societies that seek fairness are built upon. 
Afghan culture traditionally had 
space for women as leaders, managers, and traders. The gender apartheid im-posed by the Taliban came from people who had grown up outside of families, in refugee camps and religious board-ing schools. 
Our plan for restoring women’s place 
in society is built of three pillars that rest on a foundation of respect for the human, religious, and constitutional rights of all of our citizens. 
First—and I want to spend a little 
time on this theme—educating women is not solely a matter of rights, impor-tant though they are. It is a matter of national necessity. 
I have said in the past that educating 
one Afghan young girl will change the next five generations of a family. I 
would not be standing before you today as an educated man had my grand-mother—in exile in India who had learned to read under the British—not taken it upon herself to make sure that I would match my youthful passion for hunting and riding horses with mas-tering the classics in Dari and Pashto and striving to excel in foreign lan-guages. 
Thank you, Grandmother. Afghanistan’s self-reliance demands 
men and women who can run a modern economy. Basic health and education must reach all Afghan girls. That is a promise. But beyond providing all Af-ghan girls with these basic rights, we will increase to parity the number of women graduating from high schools and colleges. 
Even as I address you today, in Kabul 
designs are already being finished for an all-women’s university that will provide safe, top-quality education for the next generation of Afghan women leaders. 
Let me tell you the story of Khatera 
Afghan, a young woman from Kandahar. Her schooling began when she braved threats of disfigurement by people swearing that they would throw acid in her face before they would let a girl attend a school. She would not be dissuaded. Her uncle threatened to dis-own her when she applied to univer-sity. But she stared him down. 
Khatera went to the American Uni-
versity of Afghanistan, where she not only topped her class but, aided by a Fulbright scholarship, went on to get a master’s degree from the Ohio State University. 
Today, Khatera’s formerly angry 
uncle is so proud of her that he tells his grandchildren, both little boys and little girls, that they must be as brave as their Aunt Khatera. 
Khatera, like thousands of Afghan 
women, thanks America for those op-portunities—for the primary school teachers, for the university in Kabul, for the scholarship to Ohio—that changed her life and her children’s fu-ture. And she is dedicated to create op-portunities for millions of other Af-ghans. 
The second pillar is that women must 
have the same access to economic op-portunities as men. Women’s full em-powerment will come about, not through global conventions or govern-ment programs, but when they have jobs and own businesses. 
The United States has been a stead-
fast supporter of the nationwide Na-tional Solidarity Program which, for 10 years, has given not thousands but mil-lions of poor village women their first chance to control their own resources. 
Our third and final foundational be-
lief is that a mental and cultural revo-lution must take place over the treat-ment of women in and by our society. There is no point talking about how much we respect women’s honor if we let rape go unpunished or allow harass-ment in our streets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1908 March 25, 2015 
We have signed the global conven-
tions to end violence and discrimina-tion against women; we will implement them vigorously, but work is still need-ed to convince our people that the pro-tection of women’s rights is part and parcel of their own quest for social jus-tice. 
I, personally, as the leader of Afghan-
istan, am committed to working with the ulema, activists, and thought lead-ers of our country to bring about this mental change. Both the CEO, Dr. Abdullah, and I will insist that the offi-cials of our government set the na-tional standard for workplace fairness. 
Thanks to your help and support, the 
opportunities for women are indeed changing. I am sure that many of you have seen those stunning Skateistan videos of fathers proudly taking their shiny-eyed daughters to show off their newfound skills in the ancient art of skateboarding. They are but the tip of the changes that are underway and which must be protected and advanced. 
I am meeting, frequently, women 
who are entertaining the idea—seri-ously—the idea of becoming the first woman President of Afghanistan, and we will support them. 
I am pleased to state that we have 
fulfilled our promise to name four women to the Afghan Cabinet, raising the women’s share to 20 percent—still too low, but at least fulfillment of our promise. 
We are determined to name qualified 
women as ambassadors and to increase their number as deputy ministers, and we are working hard to attract and train a whole new cadre of women tech-nocrats into our government. I promise you that, 5 years from now, our min-istries will have a whole new look to them, with women in leading positions. 
We are a country of young people. 
The absolute majority of people are under 30 years of age. Youth are in-vested in the future, not in repeating the past. Jobs and engagement with the world are their first priority. 
Despite all of the assistance that Af-
ghanistan has received over the years, 30 percent of the population still lives below the poverty line, lacking even basic services such as clean water or household electricity. This cannot con-tinue. 
We have articulated a citizen’s char-
ter that will guide the investments that are needed to reduce poverty across the nation and prepare the next generation for capitalizing on the new opportunities that a thriving economy can provide. 
Ladies and gentlemen, so far, I have 
talked about how we will achieve self- reliance by ending corruption, bal-ancing the budget, mobilizing the ener-gies of our women and youth, and growing the economy. Let me now turn to the elephant that is lurking in the back of the room. 
We must secure peace. Afghans have shown that we know 
how to fight. Unfortunately, we have inherited that skill for 3 million years. Since as far back as the invasion of 
Alexander and the more modern expul-sion of the Soviet Union, Afghans have shown that we will protect our country against foreign attack, no matter how steep the price or how well armed the intruder. 
I have no doubt that, provided that 
they continue to receive equipment and training, our Armed Forces will stand firm against any efforts by out-side extremists to build a base inside our territory; but we must now show that we can also bring peace. 
Our strategy is built around three 
initiatives. The first is to use our di-plomacy to build a community of na-tions that is committed to stability in Asia. Dr. Abdullah and I have met with the leaders of Pakistan, India, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Azer-baijan, Saudi Arabia, the Emirates, and China, among others. Their com-mitment for building mutual security across nations includes ending the fi-nancing and sanctuary for extremist groups. 
The second initiative is to build up 
the ability of our Armed Forces to project the elected government across our entire national territory. Our part-nership with the United States and ISAF, now transformed into the reso-lute support mission, has given Af-ghanistan a well-trained army that is bringing the fight to the enemy. We are no longer on the defensive, but have taken the offensive. 
On December 31, 2014, all combat op-
erations were handed over to Afghan National Security Forces. General John Campbell, the U.S. commander of the Resolute Support mission, has pub-licly testified in this very Chamber that the Afghan Army’s profes-sionalism and morale meet all of a military man’s expectations. 
Thanks to our army, we will nego-
tiate with the Taliban from a position of strength, not weakness, so that the hard-fought gains in education, health, governance, media freedom, and wom-en’s rights are not lost. 
The third initiative will be our push 
for national reconciliation. The Taliban need to choose not to be al Qaeda and be our friend; and, if they choose to be our friend, they will be welcome to be part of the fabric of our society. 
Many believe themselves to be patri-
ots rebelling against the corruption and criminality that they saw in their towns and villages. We can deal with legitimate grievances. Provided that combatants agree to respect the con-stitution and the rule of law as the outcomes of negotiations, we are con-fident that we can find a path for their return to society. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I am not here 
to tell you a story about an overnight transformation of my country. You are too wise for such stories. Twelve years of partnership provide evidence enough that the road ahead will be difficult. 
We live in a rough neighborhood. We 
are a very poor country. Self-reliance is our goal. We bear the scars of the 
fight against the Soviet Union and the forces of fundamentalism, scars that are as much in our minds as on the bodies of the Afghan farmers and American soldiers who have fought for freedom. 
Although we may be poor, we are 
very proud. Our goal of self-reliance is no pipedream told to pacify partners who are tired of hearing the promises that we later fail to keep. We want your know-how, the business skills of your corporations, the innovation of your startups, and the commitment of your NGOs, but we don’t want your charity. 
We have no more interest in perpet-
uating a childish dependence than you have in being saddled with a poor fam-ily member who lacks the energy and drive to get out and find a job. We are not going to be the lazy Uncle Joe. 
Afghanistan can and will be an en-
during success. Your support, your un-derstanding, and your commitment to our country will not have been in vain. Afghanistan will be the graveyard of al Qaeda and their foreign terrorist asso-ciates. 
Never again will our country be a 
host to terrorists. Never again will we give extremists the sanctuary to plan their destructive plots. We are deter-mined to become the Asian develop-ment roundabout and the platform for the peaceful cooperation of civiliza-tions. 
Together, our two countries will fin-
ish the job that began on that clear, terrible September morning almost 14 years ago. We have the will and we have the commitment that will anchor our country in the world community of peaceful, democratic nations. 
Knowing our conditions, you—the 
American Congress—and the American people will decide how to ensure that our common goals and interests are written into the books that will be tell-ing the history of our shared future. 
Thank you again, and may God bless 
the partnership between America and Afghanistan. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) At 12 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m., His 
Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, accompanied by the com-mittee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: 
The members of the President’s Cabi-
net; 
The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic 
Corps. 
f 
JOINT MEETING DISSOLVED 
The SPEAKER. The purpose of the 
joint meeting having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 7 min-
utes p.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.008 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1909 March 25, 2015 
The Members of the Senate retired to 
their Chamber. 
The SPEAKER. The House will con-
tinue in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
f 
b1229 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) at 12 o’clock 
and 29 minutes p.m. 
f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS HAD 
DURING RECESS 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings had during the recess be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 25, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 25, 2015 at 10:26 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 301. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 163 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the concurrent resolu-tion, H. Con. Res. 27. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. 
b1230 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) estab-lishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Geor-
gia (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, March 24, 2015, general debate on the congressional budget had expired. 
The gentleman from Texas (Mr. 
B
RADY ) and the gentlewoman from New 
York (Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) each 
will control 30 minutes on the subject of economic goals and policies. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, under the Full Em-
ployment and Balanced Growth Act of 1978, the Joint Economic Committee provides analysis and recommenda-tions about the goals and policies set forth in the economic report of the President, and this is to assist the House in its consideration of the budg-et resolution. 
During the next hour, the members 
of the Joint Economic Committee will answer two questions: Why has this economic recovery been so weak when compared with past recoveries? And secondly, how would a gradual reduc-tion of Federal spending, relative to the size of America’s economy, as envi-sioned in the House Republican budget resolution, how would this help hard- working Americans by accelerating economic growth, job creation, and real wage increases? 
Regrettably, our economy remains 
stuck in second gear. Last year, real GDP—in other words, apples-to-apples economy—grew by a mere 2.37 percent. That is an imperceptible increase over the average annual growth rate of 2.33 percent during the entire recovery. 
Although conditions have improved, 
the Obama recovery remains the weak-est, or near the bottom, in terms of every major measurement of economic performance, compared with other re-coveries over the past half century. 
The Joint Economic Committee de-
scribes the difference in economic per-formance in this recovery and with the average of other recoveries since 1960 as the ‘‘growth gap’’—and this growth gap is real. 
Since the recession ended, the econ-
omy has grown by 13.5 percent, com-pared with the average growth of 24.1 percent during other recoveries. This growth gap means our economy is cur-rently missing $1.5 trillion, a hole com-parable in size to the economy of Aus-tralia or Mexico or Spain. 
Since the recession ended, private 
sector payrolls—that is, Main Street jobs—increased by 10 percent, but over the average of other recoveries, it was more than 15 percent. Thus, from the end of the recession, the growth gap in Main Street jobs is a staggering 5.5 million jobs. America is missing 5.5 million jobs, enough to hire everyone looking for work in 45 States. 
Not surprisingly, hard-working 
American families have felt the ad-verse effects of slow growth and lag-ging job creation in their pocketbook. Since the recession ended, real after- tax income per person has increased by a total of merely 7 percent—7.1 per-
cent, to be exact. In other recoveries, it was over 15 percent. Thus, the growth gap in real after-tax income equates to nearly $3,000 per person. It is $2,915. So what that means for a family of four in America is that they are missing $11,000 a year from their family budget. 
Ironically, for a President that 
obsesses about income inequality and promotes ‘‘middle class economics,’’ the White House has presided over a disappointing recovery that has be-stowed most of its benefits to the wealthy and the well-connected. While families and businesses on Main Street continue to suffer from a very dis-appointing recovery, the S&P Total Return Index, adjusted for inflation— meaning Wall Street—has increased by 125.4 percent since the end of the reces-sion. So Wall Street is roaring; Main Street and hard-working taxpayers are suffering. 
Closing the growth gap in the econ-
omy and jobs and paychecks will be very hard for this President to achieve with his current slow-growth policies. 
While the economy has improved 
month after month, in truth, it has gone so slow. It is like bragging that your car has run for 63 straight months, but it only is running at 5 miles an hour. Well, that is what our economy is doing. And to catch up from these slow-growth policies, we need to break even with the average performance of other recoveries. By the time President Obama leaves the White House: 
Our economy will have to grow at an 
annual rate of 7.4 percent in each of the next eight quarters. This is triple the growth rate in the Obama recovery. 
Private sector jobs—Main Street 
jobs, in effect—would have to generate 403,000 jobs every month for the next 22 months. So this is well above the aver-age of the disappointing Obama recov-ery of 285,000 jobs, especially in the last 6 months. 
Real after-tax income for every per-
son in America—that is, what their real disposable income is—would have to grow at an annual rate of 6.3 percent through the rest of President Obama’s term. This is more than four times faster than what it has been doing dur-ing the Obama recovery. 
So why has our economy been so 
weak? Why has the Obama recovery been nearly dead last in all of these areas? 
First, Federal spending is out of con-
trol. 
Albert Einstein defined insanity as 
doing the same thing over and over again yet expecting different results. Is this not the perfect description of President Obama’s budget? His budget reflects his dogmatic commitment to failed Keynesian economic policies— notwithstanding the overwhelming evi-dence that we are mired in the worst economic recovery of the last 50 years, creating this large and persistent growth gap. From the failed stimulus through ObamaCare to demands for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.009 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1910 March 25, 2015 
more Federal infrastructure projects, 
President Obama’s thirst for new spending has never slackened. 
Like a basketball team that cannot 
make halftime adjustments, this Presi-dent refuses to learn from his failures. His budget would increase Federal spending next year by another $74 bil-lion and by another $300-plus billion over the next 5 years. This, as this President is taking more in tax dollars from every American than almost at any time in history. 
We don’t have a revenue problem; we 
have a spending problem. If you look at this chart, you can see where per per-son revenue in America through the Federal Government nearly the highest it has been, frankly, in the last 30 to 40 years. Fortunately, a Republican House has successfully applied the brakes to this spending, preventing a far worse economic mess. 
Second, our tax system is broken. For businesses, America has the 
highest corporate income tax rate among developed countries. And we are the only one in our global competitors with a system that taxes you here, taxes you abroad, and punishes you if you bring your profits back to invest in America. This puts American compa-nies and the workers at a huge dis-advantage with foreign competitors. 
For individuals here in America, our 
income tax system is so complex that 90 percent of taxpayers need to use a paid preparer or tax software, and fam-ilies can’t possibly keep up with the 4,000 changes in the tax law that oc-curred over the last decade. That is one new tax change every day of the year. 
And third, President Obama has 
greatly expanded the regulatory bur-den—red tape—on American businesses and families during and after a severe recession. For example, the Affordable Care Act has imposed enormous new burdens on America’s families, on our local businesses and health care pro-viders. 
Mr. Chairman, 4.5 years after enact-
ment of financial regulations, regu-lators still haven’t completed writing more than 40 percent of the new rules required under the Dodd-Frank Act; meanwhile, our local bankers and local businesses have not been able to fi-nance growth in their communities as a result of these regulations. 
President Obama has slow-walked 
the development of oil and natural gas on Federal lands and waters and stub-bornly vetoed the job-creating Key-stone XL pipeline. 
Most recently, President Obama’s 
Federal Communications Commission went back in time and imposed a 1930s- style regulation designed to control the telephone monopoly and now ap-plied to the highly competitive Inter-net. 
Fourth, President Obama greatly ex-
panded social welfare benefits during and after the severe recession. During the 1960s, Democratic Presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson knew that America’s economy needed to be strong in order to afford the Medicare, 
Medicaid, and food stamp programs they favored. Both Presidents insisted that Congress enact an investment tax credit, an across-the-board reduction in income tax rates, to put our economy into high gear before enacting new en-titlement programs. 
Instead, President Obama did the op-
posite. He rammed ObamaCare through in a divided and controversial late- night maneuver, rammed through a large expansion of food stamps, ex-tended unemployment benefits through a Democrat-controlled Congress before our economy had fully recovered. His entitlement expansions reduced the labor force participation. In other words, it has held back those who want to be in the workforce. 
According to University of Chicago 
economist Casey Mulligan, ObamaCare alone will, by 2017, cause roughly a 3 percent reduction in weekly employ-ment, 3 percent fewer total hours worked, and a 2 percent reduction in labor income—so less jobs, less hours worked, less in your paycheck. 
Taken together, President Obama’s 
economic policies have increased the cost of doing business now and height-ened uncertainty about their future. This is the opposite of what economi-cally successful Presidents such as John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan did. 
The Republican budget recognizes 
the Obama recovery is disappointing for Republicans, for Democrats, for Independents, for college graduates, for middle class, hard-working Americans. The Republican budget, which is a bal-anced budget for a stronger America, will give us a healthier economy. 
Mr. Chairman, with that, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my friends across the 
aisle claimed that this recovery is weaker than ‘‘average’’ ones. However, economic research reveals that this is terribly misleading because financial crises like the one that caused the Great Recession have deeper, more damaging, and longer lasting effects. In addition, the Great Recession was caused by a bursting of a housing bub-ble, limiting housing’s ability to con-tribute to recovery as it typically had after previous recessions. 
The recovery from the Great Reces-
sion is also different because monetary policy’s ability to support the economy was limited by hitting the zero lower bound—interest rates simply could not go any lower. 
There have been a number of eco-
nomic downturns since the founding of our Nation—some mild, some deep and strong. 
Last week, at a hearing of the Joint 
Economic Committee with Chairman Jason Furman of the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers, I asked him how would he characterize the 2008 financial melt-down under former President George W. Bush. I asked him: How does the 
2008 Bush recession rate? 
He said that the economic blows in 
this recession were five times greater than the Great Recession. And he also said, when I asked him to put it into laymen’s terms—was it a common cold? pneumonia? a heart attack? the flu?—he said that the Bush recession was especially deep and damaging, the worst since the Great Depression. 
And I asked him: Was it a common 
cold? 
He said: No. It was a heart attack. The reality is that when you compare 
our record to other countries that are recovering from the Great Recession, you can see in this chart that the United States economy has expanded at a significantly faster rate than other leading, advanced economies in the world. So when he says we are slow, we are certainly a lot faster than the rest of the world. 
Look at this. Here is the United 
States. Here is the European Union. Here is Japan. Here is the United King-dom. The United States has recovered stronger and faster than the other world economies. 
So when my colleagues across the 
aisle say that the Obama recovery pales in comparison to average ones, just remember that the comparison is an absolutely ridiculous one. 
The recession was an economic heart 
attack, a financial calamity, and we should thank President Obama that we are now recovering, and recovering faster than like economies in the world. 
A budget is about planning for the fu-
ture. That planning must be based on reality and must be grounded in our re-cent experience. The Republican budg-et is a misleading, dishonest budget which relies on accounting gimmicks and $1 trillion in unspecified cuts. 
b1245 
It rejects lessons we should have al-
ready learned. In 2008 and 2009, this country faced the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression. The shocks that hit the U.S. economy in the fall of 2008 were at least as large as those that caused the Great Depres-sion. The Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, Jason Furman, told the Joint Economic Committee last week that during the Great Reces-sion, household wealth fell by at least five times the decline seen in 1929. More than $16 trillion in wealth evapo-rated in American families, causing great pain and suffering. 
Today, some 6
1⁄2years later, the 
economy is a very different place. The U.S. economy has expanded at a faster pace than nearly all other advanced economies. The GDP has grown in 20 of the past 22 quarters, and we have had a record—a record—60 straight months of private sector job growth. This didn’t just happen. It happened because of the unprecedented response from the Fed-eral Reserve and the bold actions taken by the Democratic Congress and Presi-dent Obama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.011 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1911 March 25, 2015 
The Recovery Act stimulated growth 
and invested in our future, investing in infrastructure, education, research, and job training. Those are things we don’t see in the Republican budget. We don’t see those investments. 
The Recovery Act cut taxes for mid-
dle class families, increased tax credits for the working poor, and directed Fed-eral funds to States and cities so that they could keep police officers on the beat, firemen on the job, and teachers in the classroom. It invested $50 billion in transportation infrastructure. We don’t see any of that in the Republican budget. We don’t even see cutting tax loopholes for special interests. We don’t see any of that. We just see cut-ting tax support for the middle class and the working Americans. 
Other actions taken by Congress in-
cluded extensions of unemployment in-surance and COBRA subsidies, a pay-roll tax credit for hiring unemployed workers, a payroll tax cut for all work-ers, and help for small businesses. It stopped an economic disaster and got our economy moving again. 
Mr. Chairman, this chart shows this. 
Numbers do not lie. The deep, dark red valley covered Republican policies that are in this budget. When President Obama came to office, we slowly worked our way up and have continued to add millions of jobs for working Americans. Today, the unemployment rate is 5.5 percent, its lowest level in almost 7 years. We have had 12 straight months of private sector job gains ex-ceeding 200,000 jobs, something that has not happened since 1977. The auto industry is thriving. Remember the Re-publicans wanted to abolish the auto industry? But we invested in restruc-turing, and 5 years later the industry has added more than 500,000 jobs, and we are exporting American cars at the highest level. 
The economy is strong and getting 
stronger. Now is the time to build on this progress. Now is the time to en-sure that the economic recovery reaches every American. Now is the time to invest in our future by funding infrastructure, education, workforce training, and scientific research. But that is not what the Republican budget does. The Republican budget slashes spending on things that would help continue our forward blue high rise of creating more jobs, and it uses a slush fund and unspecified cuts to make it appear that it all adds up. 
Mr. Chairman, the Republican budget 
offered would get us off the path—this beautiful path of success—taking us back in the direction of the Bush reces-sion. It represents an abrupt U-turn, one that we cannot afford. It would risk the recent economic progress and harm working families struggling to get ahead. 
So let’s support the Democratic 
budget and the progress that we are making in creating jobs and improving the quality of life of Americans and the security of our country. Let’s not turn around to the old, tired Republican policies that gave us that dark, deep 
recession and that red, dark valley. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself 1 minute. 
Mr. Chairman, I would point out this 
was a serious recession. It was not the most serious and severe since the Great Depression. The recession in 1981 and the November of 1982 recession reached a higher unemployment rate, 10.8 per-cent greater than this recession. And that was settled, frankly, when inter-est rates reached over 20 percent. 
The truth is there have been jobs 
added for 60 straight months. You ought to take that graph and double it in job growth, there you would get just the average economic recovery. We continue to struggle as a country, and we shouldn’t settle for this second-rate economic recovery. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 8 
minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a new member 
of the Joint Economic Committee. He is someone who has had longstanding experience in Arizona managing money, understanding State finances, and handling the numbers that our economy, frankly, is based on. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. For my friend 
from Texas, thank you. It is actually a joy being on this committee. It is fas-cinating the access to data. It is also fascinating how the data sort of gets, as you have already heard here in the first few minutes, sort of politicized by some of us almost to the edge of fan-tasy. 
Remember, if we step back to 2011, if 
we look at the President’s own eco-nomic graphs, we were going to see economic GDP expansion approaching 5 percent of GDP. The indicators we were just getting this last week, it is this coming quarter, the quarter we are in right now, we may be about to see GDP of about 1.2 percent. 
At some point, holding up a board, it 
says look at the jobs, and then looking at the actual math, reality should hit home. 
Here is the President’s own economic 
report. If you start to look at the num-bers in here, if someone will actually break it open and actually read it, look at the numbers in here of workforce participation, how many of our broth-ers and sisters out there in the work-force are actually in the job market? There is something horribly, horribly wrong out there. 
So why do the Republicans so focus, 
so fixate on economic growth? It is the reality of what is about to happen in this country. In 4
1⁄2years—so right now 
we are discussing a $3.8 trillion budget. In 4
1⁄2years, we are expecting $1 tril-
lion more in spending. Where is that growth? Where is that money coming from? 
Look at this slide. We are going to 
try to put up some slides that just show you how quickly mandatory spending is consuming everything in its path, and if we do not have a phe-nomenal economic growth, we are not 
going to be able to keep our promises. 
For right now, here is where we are 
today. We are basically, right now, only 31 percent of the budget we ulti-mately get to vote on. The vast major-ity of our budget is in what we call mandatory spending: Medicare, Med-icaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new ObamaCare health care law. 
Well, what happens over just the next 
4
1⁄2years? How quickly does this man-
datory spending begin to consume ev-erything else in its path? Well, think about this. Just a couple years ago in the 2013 budget, we were projecting that it was going to take all the way out to the end of 2023 before we hit this split where only 24 percent were things we get to vote on and 76 percent—76 percent—of the spending was going to be Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new health care law. 
Well, guess what is happening be-
cause of the Democrats’ policy on eco-nomic growth, this President’s policy on economic growth. So how quickly do we now hit where 76 percent of our money is going into mandatory? It is not 2023. It is in 4
1⁄2years. 
Now, yes, when we track what is hap-
pening, particularly in Medicare and Medicaid spending, it is tracking faster than we expected. And, yes, we have had discipline in this body on dealing with what we are allowed to have dis-cipline on because of the relationships having a split Congress and being dis-ciplined in discretionary spending. 
But understand, if we do not do those 
things that are necessary to dramati-cally grow this economy—and it is more than just talking about fantasies within this economic profile. It is regu-latory, it is tax systems, and it is trade. And yet simple things—and this one is rather personal to me, and the ranking member was actually some-what helpful on this—things like crowdfunding, little things that are simple, disappear in the bureaucracy for years after we even have bipartisan legislation. 
What is it with this White House, 
with the Democrat Party’s fear of those things that create economic ex-pansion? Why does it always have to be some sort of massive, collectivist dogma to drive economic growth in-stead of letting the markets go? Under-stand, this is important because we are trying to help sell the story of why do we care so much about this economic growth. When you look at what is about to happen in net interest, look at how fast this grows. 
I am going to actually move to the 
next slide just so you have a compari-son. I want you to think about this. In just a few years, Mr. Chairman, the in-terest—and this is using nominal inter-est rates. If we have a spike, then it gets really bad really fast. But in just a few years, we are going to be spend-ing as much money in this body on in-terest as we do for all of defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.013 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1912 March 25, 2015 
Well, at that point, if you care about 
the entitlements, if that is where you are ideologically, you care about pro-tecting the country, you care about medical research, you care about these things, then the economic growth is ev-erything. We can’t grow ourselves out of this debt and deficit, but we can sure do some great good. 
I beg my brothers on both sides of 
the aisle and my sisters, too, you need to step away a bit from some of the crazy dogma, pull back on some of the crazy regulations, the arrogance of thinking Washington knows every-thing, and let America begin to grow, allow it to begin to prosper. That is what the Republican budget is doing. It is dealing with the reality of the math we have been given by this President’s policies and trying to drive it to a progrowth future with lots of options. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Chairman, in response to my good friends on the other side of the aisle, numbers don’t lie. These numbers were compiled by the bipartisan Bu-reau of Labor Statistics and updated in early March. It clearly shows that our economy was shedding 800,000 jobs a month before President Obama took of-fice. And then because of his policies, it has continued to grow. Mr. Chairman, 12 million private sector jobs were added in the past 60 months—the long-est of streak on record of job growth— and 288,000 private sector jobs added in February. 
Mr. Chairman, I now yield 5 minutes 
to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ), an out-
standing member of our committee. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my good friend, the gentle-woman from New York, for yielding me time to talk about my colleagues’, the Republicans’, budget, which is some-thing I oppose. 
I oppose it for a number of policy rea-
sons, but I thought I would spend my time today talking about what I view is a more fundamental, analytical flaw in the budget, and that relates to the overall goal of the budget. Because if you have the wrong goal, you often make a series of bad decisions to sup-port that goal. So I think it is impor-tant that we talk about what the goal of the budget is and what the goal of the budget should be. 
The goal of the Republican budget is 
to have zero deficits within 10 years. In my opinion, that is the goal because it sounds good. We have all heard the line that we should not spend more money than we take in. 
b1300 
That sounds really good, but it ig-
nores to many extents the basic math of budgets. 
It is also an unrealistic goal, and it is 
also an unnecessary goal. And as a re-sult of pursuing an unrealistic and un-necessary goal, a series of very bad de-cisions are embedded in the budget, which is why I want to talk about the goal. It is an unrealistic goal when you 
look at the condition of the Federal budget at this moment in time. After several decades of this Congress and several administrations ignoring, in many ways, the fiscal responsibility of this great country and allowing our debt to become such a high percentage of our economy, we put ourselves in a position where we have had very sig-nificant deficits and the debt levels are such that we have very limited finan-cial flexibility as a country, and if in-terest rates were to go up, it would in-creasingly consume a very large per-centage of our budget. That is the problem and that is the situation we find ourselves in. 
In addition, Mr. Chair, we are enter-
ing a phase where the demographic trends in the country and the aging on a relative basis of the population are putting tremendous pressure on the re-sources of the Federal Government. 
So this is a very, very challenging 
time to take a budget that has had very significant deficits and try to bring them to zero within 10 years. That is why it is unrealistic. 
It is also unnecessary because the 
most important metric in the financial health of the United States of America is our debt as a percentage of our econ-omy. 
If we want to lower our debt as a per-
centage of our economy, what we have to do is have a budget where our defi-cits, expressed as a percentage of our economy, are consistently lower than economic growth. So we should be tar-geting deficits of 1 to 2 percent with a view that the minimum baseline eco-nomic growth of this country will be 2 to 3 percent, and definitionally over time that will take the debt of the country as a percentage of the country down. It will give us more financial flexibility in the future and position us so that when interest rates rise, which they will, it will consume a much smaller percentage of our budget. That should be the goal. 
But because we have this unrealistic 
and unnecessary goal of getting defi-cits to zero within 10 years, my Repub-lican colleagues are forced to overcor-rect in the budget to achieve that goal. 
There are two fundamental ways to 
overcorrect in a budget. You either raise taxes very high to get revenues to get it to zero, or you cut investments very significantly. 
Now, my Republican colleagues don’t 
choose to raise taxes. In fact, what they choose to do is to cut taxes, which makes an already unrealistic goal more unrealistic. So the only thing that is left, the only thing that is left to bring this budget to zero within 10 years is massive, massive reductions in the investments we are making in our future and in our Nation, which, to me, is a very odd decision in light of the facts that are in front of us, and the facts that are in front of us are very clear. We are in a global and very com-petitive economy, and we haven’t made the investments, particularly in things like infrastructure, to position this 
country to compete as successfully as it should in a world that is increas-ingly interconnected. 
Also, we have to make investments 
in our children, Mr. Chair. We are in a knowledge-based economy. And to make sure that our kids are capable of being employed and having a rising standard of living across their lives, we have to invest in their future. 
So to achieve this unrealistic goal, 
my Republican colleagues make very significant, very, very significant cuts to these critical investments, which you could argue it has never been more important to do that. In fact, they bring many of these levels down to half of what they have been historically— again, and importantly, expressed as a percentage of our economy because it is irrelevant to talk about absolute numbers. The only numbers that should be talked about is the budget in terms of a percentage of our economy. 
That is why I view this budget as so 
troubling and misguided. Mr. Chair, I spent my whole career prior to coming to Congress running publicly traded companies that I started. I used to ob-serve other managers who are running publicly traded companies from time to time make really bad decisions about what to do with their business. Those bad decisions were often based on a fundamental premise that they would pander to the market and put forth unrealistic expectations. They would make bad decisions to achieve those expectations, and the story would end badly. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I yield the gentleman an addi-tional 10 seconds. 
Mr. DELANEY. That is what we have 
here. We have unrealistic expectations, a series of bad decisions, and, if this were to be followed, a bad outcome. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
yield myself 1
1⁄2minutes. 
The message we hear today from my 
Democrat friends is the economy is great. This is really historical. We are adding just millions of new jobs. But that is not the real story. That is not the real economy. 
The truth is millions of Americans 
have become so discouraged they have just dropped out of looking for work. Four out of 10 college graduates, they can’t find a job, or they can’t find a job that needs a college degree, so they are working behind a cash register. 
We have got the fewest number of 
adults percentagewise in the workforce today since the recovery began. So we have actually, since things are sup-posed to be so great, fewer adults then ever since that period. We are about flat. In some cases, we have gone back-wards. 
And the unemployment rate, while it 
is lowered to 5.5 percent in real terms, if our number of workers had stayed in the workforce, the true rate is closer to 9.7 percent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.014 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1913 March 25, 2015 
If we want to stay with this second- 
rate disappointing recovery, stay the course. But if we want a stronger, healthier economy, we need to change direction. The Republican budget under Chairman T
OMPRICE changes the tra-
jectory and the momentum of Amer-ica’s economy, balancing it without raising taxes. The Federal Reserve said one of the drags on our economy are the tax increases from President Obama’s fiscal cliff. We have so much more work to do to help our families, young people, and those looking for a job, we can’t settle for second rate. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The Republican budget looks like a 
blueprint, but it is not. It is more like a vague set of directions, with the most important pieces missing. 
This budget calls for vast cuts, but it 
doesn’t specify what will be cut or who will suffer the pain. It claims to lower budget deficits, but it relies on ac-counting gimmickry. 
This document is not a blueprint. It 
is not an engineering marvel. It does not deserve our praise or even serious 
attention. It is fundamentally dis-honest. It is a dishonest document that would hurt millions of Americans and imperil our future. 
The deceptions in this document 
have already been brought to light by some of our Nation’s leading papers. At this point, the fact that this budget is misleading doesn’t surprise us, but the scope of the deception is absolutely breathtaking. 
Before we go to the great leader from 
the great State of North Carolina, I would like to point out who gets hurt 
in this budget. 
The Republican budget is also decep-
tive because it hides the fact that the ‘‘savings’’ they talk about, it achieves these savings at a huge cost to working families. Their budget is balanced on the backs of working Americans. 
This budget slashes our investment 
in education. It devastates our invest-ment in research and innovation. It ig-nores the problems of our crumbling infrastructure. It provides no solution to the looming bankruptcy of the Fed-eral transportation fund, and it will de-stroy up to 2.9 million jobs in 2017 alone. 
This is not general belt-tightening. It 
is the wholesale strangling of the dreams and opportunities of those who are already struggling. 
It could fairly be called a plan to 
‘‘soak the poor,’’ because the poor and working Americans would be hit espe-cially hard by this budget proposal, which would allow critical provisions of the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit to expire at the end of 2017. Democratic programs to help working Americans would expire under their plan. 
And that would increase the number 
of people in poverty by an estimated 1.8 million, including 1 million children. This budget falsely claims that it 
will, in the Republican words, ‘‘make sure that those who need assistance get more than an invitation into a broken system.’’ 
It then proceeds to cut the Supple-
mental Nutrition Assistance Program by $125 billion between 2021 and 2025. This would either mean the end of food assistance for millions of low-income families or a cut in benefits below the less than $1.50 per person per meal households now receive. 
This budget would then further con-
vert Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program into a block grant and drastically reduce its fund-ing. This is not a budget for the future. It destroys the dreams of working Americans for the future. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from the great State of North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ), a new member of our 
committee. 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman from New York. 
I stand in opposition to this bla-
tantly dishonest Republican budget. 
Republicans call this A Balanced 
Budget for a Stronger America, but I call it Robin Hood in reverse. 
Republicans say that it will bring 
greater opportunity and a healthier economy for the working class, but I say it widens the gap between the haves and the have-nots. 
Our economy is driven by middle 
class American families. 
This budget attacks them, and it at-
tacks our economy. It is a one-sided partisan plan, increasing savings for the rich by $200,000, increasing taxes for the average American by $2,000. It repeals the Affordable Care Act, which has insured 16 million more people pre-viously uninsured. 
The district in North Carolina I rep-
resent benefits from the Democratic al-ternative budget. It is negatively im-pacted by this Republican budget. 
My district has an unemployment 
rate more than double the State and the national average, and more than 27 percent of people in my district live below the poverty line. That is 12 per-cent more, Mr. Chair, than the na-tional average. 
Cuts to SNAP funding in this budget 
impact more than 1.5 million North Carolinians and more than 65,000 people in our 12th District. I cannot support a budget that hurts my constituents. We need a budget that brings jobs back to the 12th District and to the millions of Americans across this Nation who work hard every day to feed their fami-lies. 
This budget launches a strong attack 
on education. As a former professor and member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I am troubled by the fact that this budget slashes $1.2 billion in education funding for our country, cutting more than $36 million in education funding for North Caro-linians. 790 children under 5 in North Carolina would be left out of critical Head Start programs. Pell grants 
would be frozen for students. When our children fail, everyone fails. 
The Democratic alternative budget is 
what we need because it supports hard- working middle class families, it con-tributes to job growth, it invests in our children’s education, and it supports our most vital programs. 
I ask my colleagues on the other side 
to join me and countless other Mem-bers in supporting a sensible Demo-cratic alternative. Let’s continue the blue rise that our President made pos-sible. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from New York has 10
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Texas has 10 minutes remaining. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Chair, the budget decep-
tively claims to adhere to the budget caps that are otherwise known as the sequestration levels of 2016, yet it adds tens of billions of dollars to what Re-publicans themselves have called a ‘‘slush fund’’ for defense, including lu-crative military contracts. 
The budget dishonestly calls for an-
other $1.1 trillion in cuts to ‘‘manda-tory’’ programs somewhere, somehow without specifying what those cuts would be, who they would hit, or how it would all happen. 
And it does not balance the budget. 
The budget falsely claims that it will place the country on a path of pros-perity and paying off the debt when, in fact, it will not. As the Nobel Prize- winning economist Paul Krugman has pointed out: If this budget were to be-come law, as written, it would actually leave the Federal Government several trillion dollars deeper in debt than claimed. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), my 
good friend. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentlewoman from New York for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, today, we will be asked to 
vote on a budget resolution that should outline our priorities and our values as a nation. 
But this year, House Republicans 
have proposed what I refer to as a ‘‘magic budget’’ that goes far beyond the sleights of hand and fiscal gim-micks that folks have grown accus-tomed to seeing here in Washington. 
b1315 
Republicans would like us to believe 
that their painful spending cuts will balance the budget in just 9 years. Un-fortunately, the basic immutable laws of accounting contradict this claim. The Republican budget claims to save $5.5 trillion and balance the budget in just 9 years. Allow me to explain this magic budget. 
The magic budget extends tax cuts 
for corporations and eliminates the al-ternative minimum tax, but it doesn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.015 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1914 March 25, 2015 
account for the $150 billion in lost rev-
enue. This is where it gets even trickier. The Republican budget then cuts $1.1 trillion in spending without any indication of where it would come from. 
It then takes a sharp turn to the 
right and repeals ObamaCare, but it still, amazingly, uses the $1 trillion in future revenue from ObamaCare to bal-ance the budget by 2024. 
Mr. Chairman, this is one magic 
budget. America deserves better. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself 30 seconds. 
The one thing that economist Paul 
Krugman is expert at is being wrong. Had we followed his prescription, this economy would be even slower than it is, and our Nation would be deeper in debt. 
Washington doesn’t have a revenue 
problem; it has a spending problem. The latest numbers, as of January of 
this year, show the amount of revenue the Federal Government has been tak-ing in from each and every American is at nearly record highs. 
The Republican budget strengthens 
the economy, tackles the spending problem, and changes the course of this disappointing recovery. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to respond to my good 
friend on the other side of the aisle. 
Economist Paul Krugman, Nobel 
Prize winner, did not support the Re-publican policies that led to the red, deep valley when we were losing 800,000 jobs a month. He supported many of the proposals that President Obama and the Democrats implemented, which led to growth and more jobs. 
The President and the Democrats 
will not be satisfied until every Amer-ican who wants a job has a job; yet numbers don’t lie, and this chart, which is based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ numbers, shows policies that led to 800,000 jobs lost per month to, now, an economy that is growing. 
I admit that Democrats will not be 
happy until it grows even more, but 12 million private sector jobs have been added. I want to go back to a budget that, I believe, will turn this blue into the red again. We have to continue with the blue policies that led to eco-nomic opportunities and job growth. 
Now, the Republican budget docu-
ment claims that it aims to make sure that government keeps the promises that it has made, and then it proceeds to lay out plans to demolish Medicare. Medicare is one of the most successful and universally popular programs ever designed. 
It provides high-quality health care 
for Americans over the age of 65; yet this Republican budget would replace this program with a voucher program, giving seniors a coupon to help defray the cost of private insurance. Seniors would have to immediately pay new copays for preventative care and much higher costs for prescription drugs. They don’t say how they are going to 
help the seniors. They are just going to give them this voucher program. Can private insurance companies provide better coverage? They don’t know. They don’t say anything about it. They just give them vouchers and let them go to private insurance. 
They don’t say whether their pro-
gram will cost more in out-of-pocket expenses, but I think it definitely will. Dismantling health care is a radical proposition. My guess is that, if Con-gress tries to take apart Medicare, mil-lions of Americans will storm Capitol Hill. 
Let’s remember what happened in the 
early 2000s when then-President George W. Bush tried to partially privatize So-cial Security. Like Medicare, Social Security is extremely popular with seniors because it works, and it makes a huge, positive difference in their lives. 
For many older Americans, Social 
Security is the only source of retire-ment income they will have, and for others, it is a critical supplement to their savings. Republicans have pre-viously tried to privatize it. 
Let’s be honest with the American 
people. If my Republican colleagues want to dismantle Medicare, they should come right out and say it and say it loudly. 
In their budget proposal, our friends 
across the aisle complain about how long it has taken our economy to re-cover from the Great Recession. Re-member that it bubbled up and blew up on their watch. The recession was on their watch with their proposals. 
Their budget talks a great deal about 
accountability; yet nowhere do our Re-publican colleagues indicate that they should be held accountable for the mis-takes and the mismanagement that led to the Great Recession. To the $17 tril-lion in household wealth that was lost, thankfully, most of that household wealth has been regained, and that is thanks to the Obama recovery. 
For my Republican friends who want 
to brush away any mention of the failed Republican policies of the past that brought us to the verge of eco-nomic collapse, I would remind you of the prophesy—of the words—of a great philosopher who said: Those who do not know the past are condemned to repeat it. 
I do not want to go back to the past 
of the red, deep valley that this chart shows. Republicans’ promises in the past of prosperity through austerity have proven to be hollow. Democratic policies have produced an economy that has just added more than 200 pri-vate sector jobs every month for 12 straight months. That is the first time that has happened since 1977. 
Republicans’ predictions that the 
passage of the Recovery Act would produce economic doom, hyper-inflation, and the collapse of the dollar were all proven wrong. Democratic policies have produced an economy that has been growing steadily, with low inflation, a strong dollar, cheap 
gas, a deficit that has shrunk by two- thirds, and a Dow Jones index that has tripled. 
Republicans lamented that the pas-
sage of the Affordable Care Act would make health care unaffordable. It turned out to be totally untrue. The annual increase in healthcare pre-miums has dropped to a 50-year low. 
Now, I would like to take a short de-
tour to give some advice for home buy-ers. If you ever consider buying a new house that is built on a blueprint like this Republican budget blueprint, please do not do it. Save your money. Look for a home that is built on a solid foundation. Look for a house that has strong walls and a solid roof. Look for one that will protect your family for a long time. Don’t buy a house built on a blueprint that is as shoddy as this one. 
They are going back to their same 
failed policy. This budget is a fiasco, and the numbers do not add up. I am pleased that even some of my Repub-lican colleagues have had the courage to say so. Some have called it budg-etary tricks, gimmicks, funny money, slush funds; but the truth is far worse than that. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
did I hear the Chair say that all time has expired on the Democrat side of the aisle? 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman from New York has ex-pired. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Look, I don’t blame Democrats for 
not understanding this budget. They could never pass one. In fact, there hasn’t been a budget for this great country since 2009, when they were in charge. In fact, it is the Republicans who have consistently in the House passed a budget only to have a Demo-crat Senate do nothing. 
Now, for the first time, the American 
public has said: we have had enough of this, enough of the deficits, enough of this struggling economy, enough of this out-of-control spending; we want a real budget. 
This step takes place today with 
Chairman P
RICE’s balanced budget for 
a stronger economy. I would point out that the American public knows ex-actly the Democratic policies that have brought them the weakest recov-ery in 50 years, and it is why, 5 years after the recovery began, most Ameri-cans still think they are in a recession. They think their families and their communities are still in a recession. We are not going to settle for this sec-ond-rate economy. 
I would point out, while I am pleased 
there has been some job creation over the last 60 months, compare it to the average. If this were just a C-grade re-covery—just the middle of the pack, nothing to brag about—we would be creating 403,000 new jobs every month, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.017 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1915 March 25, 2015 
not 200,000-plus. It would be almost 
double that. If you look at the Reagan recovery, which had higher unemploy-ment, there were 750,000 jobs more a month. 
That chart does show positive 
growth, but it is so weak and so dis-appointing, and it is accompanied by stagnant paychecks and college grad-uates who are working behind cash reg-isters. If we want to stick with that, no problem, we know exactly what to do; but if we want to change course as a country, if we want to stop growing Washington’s economy and grow our local economies, we are going to have to change course. 
The weakness of this recovery can be 
captured in three numbers. We are missing $1.5 trillion out of today’s economy, and people are suffering. We are missing 5.5 million jobs, which is enough to put everyone looking for work in 45 States back to work, and we are missing $11,000 a year out of a fam-ily of four’s family budget. 
Can you imagine what $11,000 could 
do in paying for tuition and fuel and college costs? This growth gap will per-sist unless we change course. 
Firstly, the budget resolution gradu-
ally addresses these issues by gradually bringing Federal spending back into line, allowing Washington to balance the budget and grow the economy. 
Secondly, the budget resolution 
builds on the success of the welfare re-form of the 1990s when Democrat Presi-dent Bill Clinton and a Republican Congress worked together to give block grants to the States so they could de-velop programs to help able-bodied, working poor people find jobs, and it succeeded. 
In employing this successful model, 
the budget resolution envisions con-verting Medicaid and food stamp pro-grams into block grants that would allow States to tailor these programs 
to the needs of their States, to experi-ment and to find more innovative ways to get people out of work and into a ca-reer and a lifetime that they have envi-sioned. 
Thirdly, the budget envisions the re-
peal of the unpopular and unworkable monstrosity known as ObamaCare. 
Fourthly, the budget resolution envi-
sions saving Medicare once and for all, putting in place the reforms that would actually keep this important program for seniors and for generations to come. 
Finally, the budget resolution envi-
sions progrowth tax reform—built for growth—to get America back to work and American companies competing and winning around the world. 
There is so much more we must do in 
reforming the Tax Code and balancing regulation and creating a sound dollar and creating sales agreements around the world so our companies can com-pete, but we can’t do that until this government has a budget that is built for America’s growth, not for the gov-ernment’s growth. 
I strongly commend the work of 
Chairman P
RICE and of the other Re-publican members of the Budget Com-
mittee. I urge the House to vote for this budget resolution. We need to change course in this country so we can get hard-working taxpayers, young people, and families back to work and living the American Dream. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair, Section 
804 of H. Con. Res. 27 contains the budget resolution’s policy statement on tax reform. These policy goals are familiar, as we have 
been pursuing them for several years now. They include simplifying the tax code for fami-lies and businesses, reducing tax rates and consolidating the existing seven brackets into just two, repealing the burdensome Alternative Minimum Tax, reducing what is currently the highest corporate rate in the developed world, and transitioning to a more competitive system of international taxation. 
With respect to this last goal, the budget 
resolution includes language that did not ap-pear in previous budget resolutions. Section 804(b)(5) specifies that our international tax system should be reformed ‘‘in a manner that does not discriminate against any particular type of income or industry.’’ Because this lan-guage is new, I would like to explain in more detail how it should be interpreted. 
Nondiscrimination is a key principle of tax 
reform. The tax code should not pick winners or losers. All businesses should be on a level playing field, so that the free market decides where to allocate capital based on the most promising economic opportunities, not based on where one can obtain the most tax breaks. At the same time, when some taxpayers use sophisticated tax planning to exploit loopholes in the tax code to achieve a result much more favorable than other taxpayers can achieve, the nondiscrimination principle is violated and capital flows to the least taxed investments rather than to the most economically produc-tive investments, leading to economic distor-tions and lower growth. For this reason, the committee report on H. Con. Res. 27, House Report 114–47, clarifies that, ‘‘This non-discrimination principle, however, is not in-tended to prevent the adoption of reasonable anti-avoidance rules.’’ 
As an example, under the current tax code 
a U.S. company that keeps its intellectual property (IP) in the United States and licenses it to foreign customers must pay a corporate tax rate of 35 percent on royalties related to that IP. But a competitor that moves its IP from the United States to a foreign subsidiary in Bermuda and then licenses it to foreign cus-tomers pays zero on its royalties. That means our tax code discriminates against U.S.-owned IP and in favor of foreign-owned IP, which is why so much of our valuable intellectual prop-erty has left the country. On the other hand, a tax reform proposal that says both compa-nies pay the same low tax rate on those royal-ties—for instance, a rate similar to Ireland’s rate, which is where so many U.S. companies are moving to lower their tax burden—would end this discrimination and therefore would be consistent with section 804(b)(5). And by end-ing this discrimination with the same low tax rate for both companies, the proposal would encourage not only intellectual property to re-turn to the United States, but also the R&D and manufacturing jobs associated with it. 
I hope this clarifies how section 804(b)(5) 
should be interpreted, and I look forward to working with Chairman P
RICE and the rest of 
my colleagues on the Committee on Ways and Means, as we continue working to enact tax reform legislation in the 114th Congress. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate on the subject of economic goals and policies has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the concurrent 
resolution shall be considered for amendment under the 5-minute rule and is considered read. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 27 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—The Congress deter-
mines and declares that this concurrent res-olution establishes the budget for fiscal year 2016 and sets forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 201. Reconciliation in the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
Sec. 202. Reconciliation procedures. Sec. 203. Additional guidance for reconcili-
ation. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
Sec. 301. Submissions of findings for the 
elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 401. Cost estimates for major legisla-
tion to incorporate macro-economic effects. 
Sec. 402. Limitation on measures affecting 
Social Security solvency. 
Sec. 403. Budgetary treatment of adminis-
trative expenses. 
Sec. 404. Limitation on transfers from the 
general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Sec. 405. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 406. Fair value credit estimates. Sec. 407. Limitation on long-term spending. Sec. 408. Allocation for overseas contin-
gency operations/global war on terrorism. 
Sec. 409. Adjustments for improved control 
of budgetary resources. 
Sec. 410. Concepts, aggregates, allocations 
and application. 
Sec. 411. Rulemaking powers. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 501. Reserve fund for the repeal of the 
President’s health care law. 
Sec. 502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund related 
to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
Sec. 504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. 
Sec. 505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
graduate medical education. 
Sec. 506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
trade agreements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.018 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1916 March 25, 2015 
Sec. 507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for re-
forming the tax code. 
Sec. 508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
revenue measures. 
Sec. 509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
duce poverty and increase op-portunity and upward mobility. 
Sec. 510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
transportation. 
Sec. 511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Federal retirement reform. 
Sec. 512. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for de-
fense sequester replacement. 
Sec. 513. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
overseas contingency oper-ations/global war on terrorism. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 601. Direct spending. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
Sec. 701. Long-term budgeting. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Sec. 801. Policy statement on balanced 
budget amendment. 
Sec. 802. Policy statement on budget process 
and baseline reform. 
Sec. 803. Policy statement on economic 
growth and job creation. 
Sec. 804. Policy statement on tax reform. Sec. 805. Policy statement on trade. Sec. 806. Policy statement on Social Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 807. Policy statement on repealing the 
President’s health care law and promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 808. Policy statement on Medicare. 
Sec. 809. Policy statement on medical dis-
covery, development, delivery and innovation. 
Sec. 810. Policy statement on Federal regu-
latory reform. 
Sec. 811. Policy statement on higher edu-
cation and workforce develop-ment opportunity. 
Sec. 812. Policy statement on Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 813. Policy statement on Federal ac-
counting methodologies. 
Sec. 814. Policy statement on scorekeeping 
for outyear budgetary effects in appropriation Acts. 
Sec. 815. Policy statement on reducing un-
necessary, wasteful, and unau-thorized spending. 
Sec. 816. Policy statement on deficit reduc-
tion through the cancellation of unobligated balances. 
Sec. 817. Policy statement on agency fees 
and spending. 
Sec. 818. Policy statement on responsible 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Sec. 819. Policy statement on ‘‘No Budget, 
No Pay’’. 
Sec. 820. Policy statement on national secu-
rity funding. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,666,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,763,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,858,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,974,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,099,410,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,241,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,388,688,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,550,388,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: $3,722,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,905,648,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. Fiscal year 2024: $0. Fiscal year 2025: $0. 
(2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,934,975,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,873,969,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,944,013,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,091,040,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: $3,248,109,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,327,968,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,462,962,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,529,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,586,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,715,272,000,000. 
(3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,009,033,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,893,883,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,927,040,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,062,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,205,489,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,298,907,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,452,463,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,497,911,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,538,398,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,685,320,000,000. 
(4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: -$342,278,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$130,555,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$68,909,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$87,984,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$106,079,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$56,944,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$63,775,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $52,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $183,746,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $220,418,000,000. 
(5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,047,763,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,393,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,641,396,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $19,947,774,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,261,172,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,505,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $20,906,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,075,678,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $20,916,009,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $20,904,522,000,000. 
(6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,838,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,040,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,145,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $14,338,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $14,560,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,742,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,128,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,300,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,162,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,235,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the budgetary levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: (1) National Defense (050): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $531,334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,027,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $572,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $607,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,422,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $620,019,000,000. (B) Outlays, $604,238,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $632,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $617,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $644,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $657,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $670,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $683,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $663,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $698,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $683,350,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $38,342,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,923,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $39,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,821,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $40,539,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $41,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,214,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $42,390,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,564,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,861,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $44,081,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,868,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $45,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,633,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $46,098,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $47,148,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $43,349,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $28,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,003,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $28,932,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,924,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $29,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $30,227,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,798,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $30,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $31,584,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,957,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $32,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,003,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,338,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1917 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $33,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $34,488,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,795,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,581,000,000. (B) Outlays, $654,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $1,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $649,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $1,189,000,000. (B) Outlays, $234,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $1,196,000,000. (B) Outlays, $307,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $1,259,000,000. (B) Outlays, $472,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $1,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $728,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $1,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $863,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $1,375,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $1,332,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$964,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,215,000,000. 
(5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $35,350,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,113,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,047,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $36,385,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,674,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $37,206,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $38,171,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $38,367,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $39,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,361,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $40,108,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,319,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $40,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,486,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $39,095,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,471,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $20,109,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,164,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $23,064,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,194,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,987,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,396,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,907,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,835,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,386,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,296,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $19,245,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $19,821,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $20,020,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $20,256,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,851,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$16,617,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$12,373,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,620,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$10,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,998,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$8,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, -28,587,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$6,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$27,479,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$6,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,769,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$5,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,819,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$4,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,306,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$3,991,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$3,370,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,845,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $36,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,181,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $69,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $70,298,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $76,397,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $77,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $79,149,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $78,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $80,613,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,946,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $82,128,000,000. (B) Outlays, $81,336,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $83,709,000,000. (B) Outlays, $82,724,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $85,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,983,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $7,082,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $7,688,000,000. (B) Outlays, $16,753,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $8,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $8,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $13,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
(A) New budget authority, $8,409,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,567,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $8,305,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $8,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $10,937,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $8,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $9,345,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $8,447,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,890,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $8,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,930,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $80,620,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $84,746,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,513,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $87,029,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,366,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $85,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, $85,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $87,901,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $88,908,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $90,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $91,237,000,000. (B) Outlays, $91,646,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $92,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,101,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $94,400,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,734,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $416,475,000,000. (B) Outlays, $426,860,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $360,678,000,000. (B) Outlays, $364,823,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $358,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, $360,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $367,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $367,916,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $387,076,000,000. (B) Outlays, $377,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $388,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $389,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $398,136,000,000. (B) Outlays, $398,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $408,454,000,000. (B) Outlays, $408,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $425,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $425,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $433,945,000,000. (B) Outlays, $434,143,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $577,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $580,837,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,777,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1918 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2018: 
(A) New budget authority, $580,782,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $639,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $639,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $680,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $680,481,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $726,644,000,000. (B) Outlays, $726,548,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $808,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $808,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $825,577,000,000. (B) Outlays, $825,379,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $834,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $834,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $927,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $927,292,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $512,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $513,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $479,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $475,234,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $481,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, $471,951,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $483,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $516,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, $510,603,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $502,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $496,856,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $518,690,000,000. (B) Outlays, $518,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $525,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $519,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $532,515,000,000. (B) Outlays, $521,105,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $550,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $543,361,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $33,878,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $36,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,407,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $166,677,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $170,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,843,000,000. (B) Outlays, $164,387,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $163,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, $162,385,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $174,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $174,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $179,735,000,000. (B) Outlays, $178,778,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $183,969,000,000. (B) Outlays, $183,019,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $196,283,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $192,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $191,834,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $189,668,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,517,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,383,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $52,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,006,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $55,450,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $55,169,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $56,854,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,572,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $58,585,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,392,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $60,498,000,000. (B) Outlays, $59,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $63,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,485,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $64,917,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,355,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $66,844,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,264,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $68,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,051,000,000. (17) General Government (800): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $23,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,576,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,761,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,202,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,817,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,279,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $23,947,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,602,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $24,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $25,695,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,840,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $26,010,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $26,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,825,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $366,527,000,000. (B) Outlays, $366,527,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $414,768,000,000. (B) Outlays, $414,768,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $477,731,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,731,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $531,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $531,032,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $578,654,000,000. (B) Outlays, $578,654,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $612,121,000,000. (B) Outlays, $612,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $642,388,000,000. (B) Outlays, $642,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $667,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $667,089,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $684,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $684,301,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $695,929,000,000. (B) Outlays, $695,929,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$33,462,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$29,863,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$28,249,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$34,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$31,078,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$39,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$35,136,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$42,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$38,438,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$46,013,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,205,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$49,123,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$45,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$50,652,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, -$47,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$48,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$48,058,000,000. (20) Government-wide savings (930): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $27,465,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,416,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$15,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,005,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,429,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,148,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$41,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$32,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$50,240,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,168,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$55,831,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$50,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$63,954,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$57,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1919 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, -$71,850,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, -$65,124,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$78,889,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$71,689,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$113,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,929,000,000. (21) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$73,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$73,514,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$83,832,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$83,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$90,115,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$92,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$96,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$96,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$99,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$99,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$104,343,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$104,343,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$111,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$111,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$117,896,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$117,896,000,000. (22) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $94,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,716,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,758,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,117,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,862,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. 
(B) Outlays, $9,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $2,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $278,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. (23) Across-the-Board Adjustment (990): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$21,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$22,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$25,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$27,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 201. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) S UBMISSION PROVIDING FOR DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION .—Not later than July 15, 2015, the 
committees named in subsection (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives to carry out this section. 
(b) I
NSTRUCTIONS .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—The Com-
mittee on Agriculture shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Armed Services shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—The Committee on Education and 
the Workforce shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(4) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE .— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce shall submit changes in laws within its juris-diction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(5) C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Financial Services shall sub-mit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(6) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
The Committee on Homeland Security shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(7) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The 
Committee on the Judiciary shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(8) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
The Committee on Natural Resources shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 
through 2025. 
(9) C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERN -
MENT REFORM .—The Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(10) C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—The Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(11) C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .—The Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. (12) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .— 
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(13) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The 
Committee on Ways and Means shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 202. RECONCILIATION PROCEDURES. 
(a) E STIMATING ASSUMPTIONS .— 
(1) A SSUMPTIONS .—In the House, for pur-
poses of titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget shall use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making estimates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon. If adjustments to the baseline are made subse-quent to the adoption of this concurrent res-olution, then such chair shall determine whether to use any of these adjustments when making such estimates. 
(2) I
NTENT .—The authority set forth in 
paragraph (1) should only be exercised if the estimates used to determine the compliance of such measures with the budgetary require-ments included in the concurrent resolution are inaccurate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the as-sumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adop-tion of this concurrent resolution may in-clude selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpre-tative rules that have major budgetary ef-fects and are inconsistent with the assump-
tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI -
MATES .—Upon the request of the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget of the House for any measure, the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall prepare an estimate based on the baseline determination made by such chair pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF THE PRESIDENT ’SHEALTH  
CARELAWTHROUGH RECONCILIATION .—In pre-
paring their submissions under section 201(a) to the Committee on the Budget, the com-mittees named in section 201(b) shall— 
(1) note the policies described in the report 
accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget that repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010; and 
(2) determine the most effective methods 
by which the health care laws referred to in paragraph (1) shall be repealed in their en-tirety. 
(c) R
EVISION OF BUDGETARY LEVELS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Upon the submission to 
the Committee on the Budget of the House of a recommendation that has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of section 310(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget may file with the House appropriately revised allocations under section 302(a) of such Act and revised functional levels and aggregates. 
(2) C
ONFERENCE REPORT .—Upon the submis-
sion to the House of a conference report rec-ommending a reconciliation bill or resolu-tion in which a committee has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of this section, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House may file with the House appropriately revised alloca-tions under section 302(a) of such Act and re-vised functional levels and aggregates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1920 March 25, 2015 
(3) R EVISION .—Allocations and aggregates 
revised pursuant to this subsection shall be considered to be allocations and aggregates established by the concurrent resolution on the budget pursuant to section 301 of such Act. 
SEC. 203. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE FOR REC-
ONCILIATION. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—In the House, the chair of 
the Committee on the Budget may develop additional guidelines providing further infor-mation, budgetary levels and amounts, and other explanatory material to supplement the instructions included in this concurrent resolution pursuant to section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and set forth in section 201. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—In the House, the chair 
of the Committee on the Budget may cause the material prepared pursuant to subsection (a) to be printed in the Congressional Record on the appropriate date, but not later than the date set forth in this title on which com-mittees must submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget in order to comply with the reconciliation instructions set forth in section 201. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
SEC. 301. SUBMISSIONS OF FINDINGS FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
(a) S UBMISSIONS PROVIDING FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE , FRAUD , ANDABUSE .—In the 
House, not later than October 1, 2015, the committees named in subsection (d) shall submit to the Committee on the Budget find-ings that identify changes in law within their jurisdictions that would achieve the specified level of savings through the elimi-nation of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS SUBMITTED .—After 
receiving those recommendations — 
(1) the Committee on the Budget may use 
them in the development of future concur-rent resolutions on the budget; and 
(2) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget of the House shall make such rec-ommendations publicly available in elec-tronic form and cause them to be placed in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after receipt. 
(c) S
PECIFIED LEVELS OF SAVINGS .—For 
purposes of this section, a specified level of savings for each committee may be inserted in the Congressional Record by the chair of the Committee on the Budget. 
(d) H
OUSE COMMITTEES .—The following 
committees shall submit findings to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives pursuant to subsection (a): the Committee on Agriculture, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on House Ad-ministration, the Committee on the Judici-ary, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Small Business, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(e) R
EPORT BY THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT -
ABILITY OFFICE .—By August 1, 2015, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives a comprehensive report identifying instances in which the commit-tees referred to in subsection (d) may make legislative changes to improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of programs within their jurisdiction. TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 401. COST ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLA-
TION TO INCORPORATE MACRO-ECONOMIC EFFECTS. 
(a) CBO E STIMATES .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, an estimate provided by the Congres-sional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legislation considered in the House or the Senate during fiscal year 2016 shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate the budg-etary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macro-economic variables resulting from such leg-islation. 
(b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION ESTI-
MATES .—For purposes of the enforcement of 
this concurrent resolution, any estimate pro-vided by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legis-lation shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such legislation. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in 
this section shall, to the extent practicable, include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-
etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsections (a) and (b)) of such legislation in the 20-fiscal year period beginning after the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution sets forth budgetary levels required by section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(2) an identification of the critical assump-
tions and the source of data underlying that estimate. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘major legislation’’ means any 
bill or joint resolution— 
(A) for which an estimate is required to be 
prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects) in any fis-cal year over the years of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budg-et equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(B) designated as such by the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget for all direct spending legislation other than revenue leg-islation or the Member who is chair or vice chair, as applicable, of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
(2) the term ‘‘budgetary effects’’ means 
changes in revenues, budget authority, out-lays, and deficits. 
SEC. 402. LIMITATION ON MEASURES AFFECTING 
SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the en-
forcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, it shall not be in order to consider in the House or the Senate a bill or joint reso-lution, or an amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, that reduces the ac-tuarial balance by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund established under section 201(a) of the Social Security Act for the 75-year pe-riod utilized in the most recent annual re-port of the Board of Trustees provided pursu-ant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a measure that would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-
ance Trust Fund for the 75-year period uti-lized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursuant to sec-tion 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 403. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, and section 4001 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, the report accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget or the joint explanatory state-ment accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall include in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administra-tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-istration and the United States Postal Serv-ice. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of enforc-
ing sections 302(f) and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays provided by a measure shall include any discretionary amounts described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 404. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS FROM THE 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
For purposes of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the rules or orders of the House of Representa-tives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer oc-curs. 
SEC. 405. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided for in subsection (b), any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, making a general appropriation or continuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—An advance appropriation 
may be provided for programs, projects, ac-tivities, or accounts identified in the report to accompany this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accompany this concurrent resolution under the heading: 
(1) G
ENERAL .—‘‘Accounts Identified for Ad-
vance Appropriations’’; and 
(2) V ETERANS .—‘‘Veterans Accounts Identi-
fied for Advance Appropriations’’. 
(c) L IMITATIONS .—The aggregate level of 
advance appropriations shall not exceed— 
(1) G ENERAL .—$28,852,000,000 in new budget 
authority for all programs identified pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1); and 
(2) V
ETERANS .—$63,271,000,000 in new budget 
authority for programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs identified pursuant to sub-section (b)(2). 
(d) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘advance appro-
priation’’ means any new discretionary budg-et authority provided in a bill or joint reso-lution, or any amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, making general ap-propriations or continuing appropriations, for the fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 406. FAIR VALUE CREDIT ESTIMATES. 
(a) F AIRVALUE ESTIMATES .—Upon the re-
quest of the chair or ranking member of the Committee on the Budget, any estimate of the budgetary effects of a measure prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1921 March 25, 2015 
Office under the terms of title V of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974, ‘‘credit re-form’’ shall, as a supplement to such esti-mate, and to the extent practicable, also pro-vide an estimate of the current actual or es-timated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
(b) F
AIRVALUE ESTIMATES FOR HOUSING  
AND STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMS .—Whenever 
the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice prepares an estimate pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 of the budgetary effects which would be in-curred in carrying out any bill or joint reso-lution and if the Director determines that such bill or joint resolution has a budgetary effect related to a housing, residential mort-gage or student loan program under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, then the Director shall also provide an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by the provisions of such bill or joint resolution that result in such effect. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Director of the 
Congressional Budget Office provides an esti-mate pursuant to subsection (a) or (b), the chair of the Committee on the Budget may use such estimate to determine compliance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and other budgetary enforcement controls. 
SEC. 407. LIMITATION ON LONG-TERM SPENDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, it shall not 
be in order to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion reported by a committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations), or an amend-ment thereto or a conference report thereon, if the provisions of such measure have the net effect of increasing direct spending in ex-cess of $5,000,000,000 for any period described in subsection (b). 
(b) T
IMEPERIODS .—The applicable periods 
for purposes of this section are any of the four consecutive ten fiscal-year periods be-ginning in the fiscal year following the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 408. ALLOCATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-
GENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM. 
(a) S EPARATE OCO/GWOT A LLOCATION .—In 
the House, there shall be a separate alloca-tion of new budget authority and outlays provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the purposes of Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of enforc-
ing the separate allocation referred to in subsection (a) under section 302(f) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, the ‘‘first fis-cal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ shall be deemed to refer to fiscal year 2016. Section 302(c) of such Act shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—New budget authority 
or outlays counting toward the allocation es-tablished by subsection (a) shall be des-ignated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(d) A
DJUSTMENTS .—For purposes of sub-
section (a) for fiscal year 2016, no adjustment shall be made under section 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if any ad-justment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 409. ADJUSTMENTS FOR IMPROVED CON-
TROL OF BUDGETARY RESOURCES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DISCRETIONARY AND  
DIRECT SPENDING LEVELS .—In the House, if a 
committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations) reports a bill or joint resolu-tion, or offers any amendment thereto or submits a conference report thereon, pro-viding for a decrease in direct spending (budget authority and outlays flowing there-
from) for any fiscal year and also provides for an authorization of appropriations for the same purpose, upon the enactment of such measure, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may decrease the allocation to such committee and increase the allocation of discretionary spending (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) to the Com-mittee on Appropriations for fiscal year 2016 by an amount equal to the new budget au-thority (and outlays flowing therefrom) pro-vided for in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for the same purpose. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—In the House, for the 
purpose of enforcing this concurrent resolu-tion, the allocations and aggregate levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for fiscal year 2016 and the period of fiscal years 2016 through fiscal year 2025 shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget and such chair may ad-just applicable levels of this concurrent reso-lution. 
SEC. 410. CONCEPTS, AGGREGATES, ALLOCA-
TIONS AND APPLICATION. 
(a) C ONCEPTS , ALLOCATIONS , AND APPLICA -
TION.—In the House— 
(1) upon a change in budgetary concepts or 
definitions, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust any allocations, ag-gregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution accordingly; 
(2) any adjustments of the allocations, ag-
gregates, and other budgetary levels made pursuant to this concurrent resolution shall— 
(A) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(B) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(C) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable; 
(3) section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress) shall have no force or effect for any reconciliation bill reported pursuant to in-structions set forth in this concurrent reso-lution; 
(4) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget may adjust the allocations, aggre-gates, and other appropriate budgetary lev-els to reflect changes resulting from the most recently published or adjusted baseline of the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(5) the term ‘‘budget year’’ means the most 
recent fiscal year for which a concurrent res-olution on the budget has been adopted. 
(b) A
GGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS AND APPLI-
CATION .—In the House, for purposes of this 
concurrent resolution and budget enforce-ment— 
(1) the consideration of any bill or joint 
resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, for which the chair of the Committee on the Budget makes adjust-ments or revisions in the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels of this con-current resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives or section 407 of this concurrent resolu-tion; and 
(2) revised allocations and aggregates re-
sulting from these adjustments shall be con-sidered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 as allocations and aggre-gates included in this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 411. RULEMAKING POWERS. 
The House adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of the House of Representatives, and these rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with other 
such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 501. RESERVE FUND FOR THE REPEAL OF 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that consists solely of the full re-peal of the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 or measures that make modifications to such law. 
SEC. 502. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that promotes real health care re-form, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 503. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATED TO THE MEDICARE PROVI-SIONS OF THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the de-creases in Medicare spending included in the Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 504. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure extends the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 505. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, expands access to, and improves, as determined by such chair, graduate medical education programs, but only if such meas-ure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 506. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1922 March 25, 2015 
Means, or amendment thereto or conference 
report thereon, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 507. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE. 
In the House, if the Committee on Ways 
and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels in this con-current resolution for the budgetary effects of any such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 508. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REVENUE MEASURES. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 509. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBIL-ITY. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms policies and programs to reduce pov-erty and increase opportunity and upward mobility, but only if such measure would neither adversely impact job creation nor in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 510. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRANSPORTATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 511. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such chair, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 512. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEFENSE SEQUESTER REPLACE-MENT. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure supports the fol-lowing activities: Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equip-ment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit re-forms, by the amount provided for these pur-
poses, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 513. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure is related to the support of Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism by the amounts provided in such legislation in excess of $73.5 billion but not to exceed $94 billion, but only if such measure would not increase the def-icit (without counting any net revenue in-creases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 601. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) In 1996, a Republican Congress and a 
Democratic president reformed welfare by limiting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the five years following passage, child-poverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This budget applies the les-sons of welfare reform to both the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program and Medicaid. 
(B) For Medicaid, this budget assumes the 
conversion of the Federal share of Medicaid spending into flexible State allotments, which States will be able to tailor to meet their unique needs. Such a reform would end the misguided one-size-fits-all approach that ties the hands of State governments and would provide States with the freedom and flexibility they have long requested in the Medicaid program. Moreover, this budget as-sumes the repeal of the Medicaid expansions in the President’s health care law, relieving State governments of the crippling one-size- fits-all enrollment mandates, as well as the overwhelming pressure the law’s Medicaid expansion puts on an already-strained sys-tem. 
(C) For the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-
ance Program, this budget assumes the con-version of the program into a flexible State allotment tailored to meet each State’s needs. The allotment would increase based on the Department of Agriculture Thrifty Food Plan index and beneficiary growth. Such a reform would provide incentives for States to ensure dollars will go towards those who need them most. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. (3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: 
(A) For Medicare, this budget advances 
policies to put seniors, not the Federal Gov-ernment, in control of their health care deci-sions. Future retirees would be able to choose from a range of guaranteed coverage options, with private plans competing along-side the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare would provide a pre-mium-support payment either to pay for or offset the premium of the plan chosen by the senior, depending on the plan’s cost. The Medicare premium-support payment would be adjusted so that the sick would receive higher payments if their conditions wors-ened; lower-income seniors would receive ad-ditional assistance to help cover out-of-pock-et costs; and wealthier seniors would assume responsibility for a greater share of their premiums. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will force providers to compete against each other on price and quality. This market competition will act as a real check on widespread waste and skyrocketing health care costs. As with previous budgets, this program will begin in 2024 and makes no changes to those in or near retirement. 
(B) In keeping with a recommendation 
from the National Commission on Fiscal Re-sponsibility and Reform, this budget calls for Federal employees—including Members of Congress and congressional staff—to make greater contributions toward their own re-tirement. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
SEC. 701. LONG-TERM BUDGETING. 
The following are the recommended rev-
enue, spending, and deficit levels for each of 
fiscal years 2030, 2035, and 2040 as a percent of the gross domestic product of the United States: 
(1) R
EVENUES .—The budgetary levels of 
Federal revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.7 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 19.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 19.0 percent. 
(2) O
UTLAYS .—The budgetary levels of total 
budget outlays are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.4 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 17.8 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 16.9 percent. 
(3) D
EFICITS .—The budgetary levels of defi-
cits are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: -0.3 percent. Fiscal year 2035: -1.2 percent. Fiscal year 2040: -2.1 percent. 
(4) D
EBT.—The budgetary levels of debt 
held by the public are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 44.0 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 32.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 18.0 percent. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
SEC. 801. POLICY STATEMENT ON BALANCED 
BUDGET AMENDMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Federal Government collects ap-
proximately $3 trillion annually in taxes, but spends more than $3.5 trillion to maintain the operations of government. The Federal Government must borrow 14 cents of every Federal dollar spent. 
(2) At the end of the year 2014, the national 
debt of the United States was more than $18.1 trillion. 
(3) A majority of States have petitioned 
the Federal Government to hold a Constitu-tional Convention for the consideration of adopting a Balanced Budget Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
(4) Forty-nine States have fiscal limita-
tions in their State Constitutions, including the requirement to annually balance the budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1923 March 25, 2015 
(5) H.J. Res. 2, sponsored by Rep. Robert W. 
Goodlatte (R-VA), was considered by the House of Representatives on November 18, 2011, though it received 262 aye votes, it did not receive the two-thirds required for pas-sage. 
(6) Numerous balanced budget amendment 
proposals have been introduced on a bipar-tisan basis in the House. Twelve were intro-duced in the 113th Congress alone, including H.J. Res. 4 by Democratic Representative John J. Barrow of Georgia, and H.J. Res. 38 by Republican Representative Jackie Walorski of Indiana. 
(7) The joint resolution providing for a bal-
anced budget amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution referred to in paragraph (5) prohib-ited outlays for a fiscal year (except those for repayment of debt principal) from ex-ceeding total receipts for that fiscal year (except those derived from borrowing) unless Congress, by a three-fifths roll call vote of each chamber, authorizes a specific excess of 
outlays over receipts. 
(8) In 1995, a balanced budget amendment 
to the U.S. Constitution passed the House with bipartisan support, but failed of passage by one vote in the United States Senate. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that Congress should pass a joint resolution incorporating the provisions set forth in subsection (b), and send such joint resolution to the States for their ap-proval, to amend the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced budget. 
SEC. 802. POLICY STATEMENT ON BUDGET PROC-
ESS AND BASELINE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) In 1974, after more than 50 years of exec-
utive dominance over fiscal policy, Congress acted to reassert its ‘‘power of the purse’’, and passed the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act. 
(2) The measure explicitly sought to estab-
lish congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important na-tional budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have ac-cess to the most accurate, objective, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
(3) Far from achieving its intended pur-
pose, however, the process has instituted a bias toward higher spending and larger gov-ernment. The behemoth of the Federal Gov-ernment has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through high taxation. 
(4) The process does not treat programs 
and policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(5) It assumes extension of spending pro-
grams (of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
(6) Yet it does not assume the extension of 
tax policies in the same way. consequently, extending existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduction, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keeping tax policy the same even though estimating conventions would not re-quire similar treatment of spending pro-grams. 
(7) The original goals set for the congres-
sional process are admirable in their intent, but because the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘re-forms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal complexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, 
Congress must: 
(1) Restructure the fundamental proce-
dures of budget decision making; 
(2) Reassert Congress’s ‘‘power of the 
purse’’, and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act intended. 
(3) Create greater incentives for lawmakers 
to do budgeting as intended by the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopt-ing a budget resolution every year. 
(4) Encourage more effective control over 
spending, especially currently uncontrolled 
direct spending. 
(5) Consider innovative fiscal tools such as: 
zero based budgeting, which would require a department or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct spending caps to enhance oversight of auto-matic pilot spending that increases each year without congressional approval. 
(6) Promote efficient and timely budget ac-
tions, so that lawmakers complete their budget actions by the time the new fiscal year begins. 
(7) Provide access to the best analysis of 
economic conditions available and increase awareness of how fiscal policy directly im-pacts overall economic growth and job cre-ation, 
(9) Remove layers of complexity that have 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
(10) Remove existing biases that favor 
higher spending. 
(11) Include procedures by which current 
tax laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of entitlement programs. 
(c) B
UDGET PROCESS REFORM .—Comprehen-
sive budget process reform should also re-move the bias in the baseline against the ex-tension of current tax laws in the following ways: 
(1) Permanent extension of tax laws should 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers; 
(2) For those expiring tax provisions that 
are proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset; and, 
(3) Tax-reform legislation should not in-
clude tax increases just to offset the exten-sion of current tax laws. 
(d) L
EGISLATION .—The Committee on the 
Budget intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the congressional budget process more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wise-ly and efficiently. 
SEC. 803. POLICY STATEMENT ON ECONOMIC 
GROWTH AND JOB CREATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Although the United States economy 
technically emerged from recession more than 5 years ago, the subsequent recovery has felt more like a malaise than a rebound. Real gross domestic product GDP growth over the past 5 years has averaged slightly more than 2 percent, well below the 3.2 per-cent historical trend rate of growth in the United States. Although the economy has shown some welcome signs of improvement of late, the Nation remains in the midst of the weakest economic recovery of the mod-ern era. 
(2) Looking ahead, CBO expects the econ-
omy to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of eco-nomic growth is simply unacceptable and in-sufficient to expand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middle-income Ameri-cans. (3) Sluggish economic growth has also con-
tributed to the country’s fiscal woes. Subpar growth means that revenue levels are lower than they would otherwise be while govern-ment spending (e.g. welfare and income-sup-port programs) is higher. Clearly, there is a dire need for policies that will spark higher rates of economic growth and greater, high-er-quality job opportunities 
(4) Although job gains have been trending 
up of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for instance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Long-term unemployment also remains a problem. Of the roughly 8.7 million people who are currently unemployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unem-ployed for more than 6 months. Long-term unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportuni-ties. It also undermines the long-term pro-ductive capacity of the economy. 
(5) Perhaps most important, wage gains 
and income growth have been subpar for middle-class Americans. Average hourly earnings of private-sector workers have in-creased by just 1.6 percent over the past year. Prior to the recession, average hourly earnings were tracking close to 4 percent. Likewise, average income levels have re-mained flat in recent years. Real median household income is just under $52,000, one of the lowest levels since 1995. 
(6) The unsustainable fiscal trajectory has 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic outlook. investors and businesses make deci-sions on a forward-looking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply to-morrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it gen-erates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
(7) Nearly all economists, including those 
at the CBO, conclude that reducing budget deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction creates long-term economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. 
(8) CBO analyzed the House Republican fis-
cal year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
(9) In contrast, if the Government remains 
on the current fiscal path, future genera-tions will face ever-higher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowd-ing out’’ of private investment. This dy-namic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a diminution in our country’s standard of living. 
(10) The key economic challenge is deter-
mining how to expand the economic pie, not how best to divide up and re-distribute a shrinking pie. 
(11) A stronger economy is vital to low-
ering deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
(12) This budget resolution therefore em-
braces pro-growth policies, such as funda-mental tax reform, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
(b) P
OLICY ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB 
CREATION .—It is the policy of this resolution 
to promote faster economic growth and job 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1924 March 25, 2015 
creation. By putting the budget on a sustain-
able path, this resolution ends the debt- fueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and expanding opportunity for all Americans. 
SEC. 804. POLICY STATEMENT ON TAX REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A world-class tax system should be sim-
ple, fair, and promote (rather than impede) economic growth. The United States tax code fails on all three counts: It is notori-ously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity dis-torts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
(2) Over the past decade alone, there have 
been 4,107 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special preferences, exclusions, or deductions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
(3) In addition, these tax preferences are 
disproportionately used by upper-income in-dividuals. 
(4) The large amount of tax preferences 
that pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much higher tax rates to raise a given amount of revenue. 
(5) It is estimated that American taxpayers 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
(6) Standard economic theory shows that 
high marginal tax rates dampen the incen-tives to work, save, and invest, which re-duces economic output and job creation. Lower economic output, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal tax rates. 
(7) Roughly half of U.S. active business in-
come and half of private sector employment are derived from business entities (such as partnerships, S corporations, and sole propri-etorships) that are taxed on a ‘‘pass- through’’ basis, meaning the income flows through to the tax returns of the individual owners and is taxed at the individual rate structure rather than at the corporate rate. Small businesses, in particular, tend to choose this form for Federal tax purposes, and the top Federal rate on such small busi-ness income can reach nearly 45 percent. For these reasons, sound economic policy re-quires lowering marginal rates on these pass- through entities. 
(8) The U.S. corporate income tax rate (in-
cluding Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to slightly more than 39 percent, the highest rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates this high suppress wages and discourage in-vestment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American businesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign com-petitors. 
(9) By deterring potential investment, the 
U.S. corporate tax restrains economic growth and job creation. The U.S. tax rate differential with other countries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational cor-porate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, destroying American jobs, and de-creasing corporate revenue. (10) The ‘‘worldwide’’ structure of U.S. 
international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, put-ting them at a significant competitive dis-advantage with competitors with more com-petitive international tax systems. 
(11) Reforming the United States tax code 
to a more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States companies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
(12) The tax code imposes costs on Amer-
ican workers through lower wages, on con-sumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished returns. 
(13) Revenues have averaged about 17.4 per-
cent of the economy throughout modern American history. Revenues rise above this level under current law to 18.3 percent of the economy by the end of the 10-year budget window. 
(14) Attempting to raise revenue through 
new tax increases to meet out-of-control spending would sink the economy and Amer-icans’ ability to save for their retirement and their children’s education. 
(15) This resolution also rejects the idea of 
instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a new source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the economy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
(16) Closing tax loopholes to fund spending 
does not constitute fundamental tax reform. 
(17) The goal of tax reform should be to 
curb or eliminate loopholes and use those savings to lower tax rates across the board not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Washington has a spending prob-
lem, not a revenue problem. 
(18) Many economists believe that funda-
mental tax reform (i.e. a broader tax base and lower tax rates) would lead to greater labor supply and increased investment, which, over time, would have a positive im-pact on total national output. 
(19) Heretofore, the congressional score-
keepers the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT). 
(20) Static scoring implicitly assumes that 
the size of the economy (and therefore key economic variables such as labor supply and investment) remains fixed throughout the considered budget horizon. This is an ab-straction from reality. 
(21) A new House rule was adopted at the 
beginning of the 114th Congress to help cor-rect this problem. This rule requires CBO and JCT to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major legislation into their official cost estimates. 
(22) This rule seeks to bridge the divide be-
tween static estimates and scoring that in-corporates economic feedback effects by pro-viding policymakers with a greater amount of information about the likely economic impact of policies under their consideration while at the same time preserving tradi-tional scoring methods and reporting con-ventions. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TAXREFORM .—It is the pol-
icy of this resolution that Congress should enact legislation that provides for a com-prehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote economic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, investors, and workers through fundamental tax reform that— 
(1) simplifies the tax code to make it fairer 
to American families and businesses and re-duces the amount of time and resources nec-essary to comply with tax laws; 
(2) substantially lowers tax rates for indi-
viduals and consolidates the current seven individual income tax brackets into fewer brackets; 
(3) repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax; (4) reduces the corporate tax rate; and 
(5) transitions the tax code to a more com-
petitive system of international taxation in a manner that does not discriminate against any particular type of income or industry. 
SEC. 805. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Opening foreign markets to American 
exports is vital to the United States econ-omy and beneficial to American workers and consumers. The Commerce Department esti-
mates that every $1 billion of United States exports supports more than 5,000 jobs here at home. 
(2) The United States can increase eco-
nomic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade, adherence to trade agreement rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services. 
(3) Trade Promotion Authority is a bipar-
tisan and bicameral effort to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objec-tives for trade agreements, to improve con-sultation with Congress by the Administra-tion, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implemen-tation of trade agreements. 
(4) Global trade and commerce is not a 
zero-sum game. The idea that global expan-sion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States op-erations is incorrect. Foreign-affiliate activ-ity tends to complement, not substitute for, key parent activities in the United States such as employment, worker compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals invest and ex-pand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
(5) Trade agreements have saved the aver-
age American family of four more than $10,000 per year, as a result of lower duties. Trade agreements also lower the cost of manufacturing inputs by removing duties. 
(6) American businesses and workers have 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competi-tion. 
(7) When negotiating trade agreements, 
United States laws on Intellectual Property (IP) protection should be used as a bench-mark for establishing global IP frameworks. Strong IP protections have contributed sig-nificantly to the United States status as a world leader in innovation across sectors, in-cluding in the development of life-saving bio-logic medicines. The data protections af-forded to biologics in United States law, in-cluding 12 years of data protection, allow continued development of pioneering medi-cines to benefit patients both in the United States and abroad. To maintain the cycle of innovation and achieve truly 21st century trade agreements, it is vital that our nego-tiators insist on the highest standards for IP protections. 
(8) The status quo of the current tax code 
also undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. 
(9) The United States currently has an an-
tiquated system of international taxation whereby United States multinationals oper-ating abroad pay both the foreign-country tax and United States corporate taxes. They are essentially taxed twice. This puts them at an obvious competitive disadvantage. A modern and competitive international tax system would facilitate global commerce for United States multinational companies and would encourage foreign business investment and job creation in the United States. 
(10) The ability to defer United States 
taxes on their foreign operations, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1925 March 25, 2015 
some erroneously refer to as a ‘‘tax loop-
hole,’’ cushions this disadvantage to a cer-tain extent. Eliminating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United States competitiveness. 
(11) This budget resolution advocates fun-
damental tax reform that would lower the United States corporate rate, now the high-est in the industrialized world, and switch to a more competitive system of international taxation. This would make the United States a much more attractive place to invest and station business activity and would chip away at the incentives for United States companies to keep their profits overseas (be-cause the United States corporate rate is so high). 
(b) P
OLICY ON TRADE .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution to pursue inter-national trade, global commerce, and a mod-ern and competitive United States inter-national tax system to promote job creation in the United States. The United States should continue to seek increased economic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade opportunities, adherence to trade agree-ments and rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of for-eign trade barriers to United States goods and services by opening new markets and by enforcing United States rights. To that end, Congress should pass Trade Promotion Au-thority to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agreements, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to pro-vide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implementation of trade agreements. 
SEC. 806. POLICY STATEMENT ON SOCIAL SECU-
RITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 55 million retirees, individ-
uals with disabilities, and survivors depend on Social Security. Since enactment, Social Security has served as a vital leg on the ‘‘three-legged stool’’ of retirement security, which includes employer provided pensions as well as personal savings. 
(2) The Social Security Trustees Report 
has repeatedly recommended that Social Se-curity’s long-term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial condition of Social Security be-comes more precarious and the threat to sen-iors and those receiving Social Security dis-ability benefits becomes more pronounced: 
(A) In 2016, the Disability Insurance Trust 
Fund will be exhausted and program reve-nues will be unable to pay scheduled bene-fits. 
(B) In 2033, the combined Old-Age and Sur-
vivors and Disability Trust Funds will be ex-hausted, and program revenues will be un-able to pay scheduled benefits. 
(C) With the exhaustion of the Trust Funds 
in 2033, benefits will be cut nearly 23 percent across the board, devastating those cur-rently in or near retirement and those who rely on Social Security the most. 
(3) The recession and continued low eco-
nomic growth have exacerbated the looming fiscal crisis facing Social Security. The most recent Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projections find that Social Security will run cash deficits of more than $2 trillion over the next 10 years. 
(4) Lower income Americans rely on Social 
Security for a larger proportion of their re-tirement income. Therefore, reforms should take into consideration the need to protect lower income Americans’ retirement secu-rity. 
(5) The Disability Insurance program pro-
vides an essential income safety net for those with disabilities and their families. According to the CBO, between 1970 and 2012, 
the number of people receiving disability benefits (both disabled workers and their de-pendent family members) has increased by more than 300 percent from 2.7 million to over 10.9 million. This increase is not due strictly to population growth or decreases in health. David Autor and Mark Duggan have found that the increase in individuals on dis-ability does not reflect a decrease in self-re-ported health. CBO attributes program growth to changes in demographics, changes in the composition of the labor force and compensation, as well as Federal policies. 
(6) If this program is not reformed, fami-
lies who rely on the lifeline that disability benefits provide will face benefit cuts of up to 20 percent in 2016, devastating individuals who need assistance the most. 
(7) In the past, Social Security has been re-
formed on a bipartisan basis, most notably by the ‘‘Greenspan Commission’’ which helped to address Social Security shortfalls for more than a generation. 
(8) Americans deserve action by the Presi-
dent, the House, and the Senate to preserve and strengthen Social Security. It is critical that bipartisan action be taken to address the looming insolvency of Social Security. In this spirit, this resolution creates a bipar-tisan opportunity to find solutions by requir-ing policymakers to ensure that Social Secu-rity remains a critical part of the safety net. 
(b) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY .—It is the 
policy of this resolution that Congress should work on a bipartisan basis to make Social Security sustainably solvent. This resolution assumes reform of a current law trigger, such that: 
(1) If in any year the Board of Trustees of 
the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund annual Trustees Report de-termines that the 75-year actuarial balance of the Social Security Trust Funds is in def-icit, and the annual balance of the Social Se-curity Trust Funds in the 75th year is in def-icit, the Board of Trustees should, no later than September 30 of the same calendar year, submit to the President recommenda-tions for statutory reforms necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th- year. Recommendations provided to the President must be agreed upon by both Pub-lic Trustees of the Board of Trustees. 
(2) Not later than 1 December of the same 
calendar year in which the Board of Trustees submit their recommendations, the Presi-dent should promptly submit implementing legislation to both Houses of Congress in-cluding his recommendations necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th year. The Majority Leader of the Senate and the Majority Leader of the House should in-troduce the President’s legislation upon re-ceipt. 
(3) Within 60 days of the President submit-
ting legislation, the committees of jurisdic-tion to which the legislation has been re-ferred should report a bill, which should be considered by the full House or Senate under expedited procedures. 
(4) Legislation submitted by the President 
should— 
(A) protect those in or near retirement; (B) preserve the safety net for those who 
count on Social Security the most, including those with disabilities and survivors; 
(C) improve fairness for participants; (D) reduce the burden on, and provide cer-
tainty for, future generations; and 
(E) secure the future of the Disability In-
surance program while addressing the needs of those with disabilities today and improv-ing the determination process. (c) P
OLICY ON DISABILITY INSURANCE .—It is 
the policy of this resolution that Congress and the President should enact legislation on a bipartisan basis to reform the Disability Insurance program prior to its insolvency in 2016 and should not raid the Social Security retirement system without reforms to the Disability Insurance system. This resolution assumes reform that— 
(1) ensure benefits continue to be paid to 
individuals with disabilities and their family members who rely on them; 
(2) prevents a 20 percent across-the-board 
benefit cut; 
(3) makes the Disability Insurance pro-
gram work better; and 
(4) promotes opportunity for those trying 
to return to work. 
(d) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY .— 
Any legislation that Congress considers to improve the solvency of the Disability Insur-ance trust fund also must improve the long- 
term solvency of the combined Old Age and Survivors Disability Insurance (OASDI) trust fund. 
SEC. 807. POLICY STATEMENT ON REPEALING 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW AND PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The President’s health care law put 
Washington’s priorities first, and not pa-tients’. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed to reduce health care premiums as promised; instead, the law mandated benefits and coverage levels, denying patients the op-portunity to choose the type of coverage that best suits their health needs and driving up health coverage costs. A typical family’s health care premiums were supposed to de-cline by $2,500 a year; instead, according to the 2014 Employer Health Benefits Survey, health care premiums have increased by 7 percent for individuals and families since 2012. 
(2) The President pledged ‘‘If you like your 
health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employment-based health coverage will lose those plans due to the President’s health care law, further lim-iting patient choice. 
(3) Then-Speaker of the House, Pelosi, said 
that the President’s health care law would create 4 million jobs over the life of the law and almost 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the reduction in hours worked due to Obamacare represents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full-time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest results. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million full-time equivalent work-ers. 
(4) The President has charged the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a panel of unelected bureaucrats, with cutting Medi-care by an additional $20.9 billion over the next ten years, according to the President’s most recent budget. 
(5) Since ACA was signed into law, the ad-
ministration has repeatedly failed to imple-ment it as written. The President has unilat-erally acted to make a total of 28 changes, delays, and exemptions. The President has signed into law another 17 changes made by Congress. The Supreme Court struck down the forced expansion of Medicaid; ruled the individual ‘‘mandate’’ could only be charac-terized as a tax to remain constitutional; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1926 March 25, 2015 
and rejected the requirement that closely 
held companies provide health insurance to their employees if doing so violates these companies’ religious beliefs. Even now, al-most five years after enactment, the Su-preme Court continues to evaluate the legal-ity of how the President’s administration has implemented the law. All of these changes prove the folly underlying the entire program health care in the United States cannot be run from a centralized bureauc-racy. 
(6) The President’s health care law is 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, de-structive, and unworkable. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patient- centered health care reform: the develop-ment of real health care reforms that puts patients first, that make affordable, quality health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sec-tor. 
(b) P
OLICY ON PROMOTING REAL HEALTH  
CAREREFORM .—It is the policy of this reso-
lution that the President’s health care law should be fully repealed and real health care reform promoted in accordance with the fol-lowing principles: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care reform should 
enhance affordability, accessibility, quality, innovation, choices and responsiveness in health care coverage for all Americans, put-ting patients, families, and doctors in charge, not Washington, DC. These reforms should encourage increased competition and transparency. Under the President’s health care law, government controls Americans’ health care choices. Under true, patient-cen-tered reform, Americans would. 
(2) A
FFORDABILITY .—Real reform should be 
centered on ensuring that all Americans, no matter their age, income, or health status, have the ability to afford health care cov-erage. The health care delivery structure should be improved, and individuals should not be priced out of the health insurance market due to pre-existing conditions, but nationalized health care is not only unneces-sary to accomplish this, it undermines the goal. Individuals should be allowed to join together voluntarily to pool risk through mechanisms such as Individual Membership Associations and Small Employer Member-ship Associations. 
(3) A
CCESSABILITY .—Instead of Washington 
outlining for Americans the ways they can-not use their health insurance, reforms should make health coverage more portable. Individuals should be able to own their in-surance and have it follow them in and out of jobs throughout their career. Small busi-ness owners should be permitted to band to-gether across State lines through their mem-bership in bona fide trade or professional as-sociations to purchase health coverage for their families and employees at a low cost. This will increase small businesses’ bar-gaining power, volume discounts, and admin-istrative efficiencies while giving them free-dom from State-mandated benefit packages. Also, insurers licensed to sell policies in one State should be permitted to offer them to residents in any other State, and consumers should be permitted to shop for health insur-ance across State lines, as they are with other insurance products online, by mail, by phone, or in consultation with an insurance agent. 
(4) Q
UALITY .—Incentives for providers to 
deliver high-quality, responsive, and coordi-nated care will promote patient outcomes and drive down health care costs. likewise, reforms that work to restore the patient- physician relationship by reducing adminis-trative burdens and allowing physicians to do what they do best: care for patients (5) C
HOICES .—Individuals and families 
should be free to secure the health care cov-erage that best meets their needs, rather than instituting one-size-fits-all directives from Federal bureaucracies such as the In-ternal Revenue Service, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. 
(6) I
NNOVATION .—Instead of stifling innova-
tion in health care technologies, treatments, medications, and therapies with Federal mandates, taxes, and price controls, a re-formed health care system should encourage research, development and innovation. 
(7) R
ESPONSIVENESS .—Reform should re-
turn authority to States wherever possible to make the system more responsive to pa-tients and their needs. Instead of tying States’ hands with Federal requirements for their Medicaid programs, the Federal Gov-ernment should return control of this pro-gram to the States. Not only does the cur-rent Medicaid program drive up Federal debt and threaten to bankrupt State budgets, but States are better positioned to provide qual-ity, affordable care to those who are eligible for the program and to track down and weed out waste, fraud and abuse. Beneficiary choices in the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program (SCHIP) and Medicaid should be improved. States should make available the purchase of private insurance as an op-tion to their Medicaid and SCHIP popu-lations (though they should not require en-rollment). 
(8) R
EFORMS .—Reforms should be made to 
prevent lawsuit abuse and curb the practice of defensive medicine, which are significant drivers increasing health care costs. The bur-den of proof in medical malpractice cases should be based on compliance with best practice guidelines, and States should be free to implement those policies to best suit their needs. 
SEC. 808. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 50 million Americans depend 
on Medicare for their health security. 
(2) The Medicare Trustees Report has re-
peatedly recommended that Medicare’s long- term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial con-dition of Medicare becomes more precarious and the threat to those in or near retirement becomes more pronounced. According to the Medicare Trustees Report— 
(A) the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will 
be exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay sched-uled benefits; 
(B) Medicare enrollment is expected to in-
crease by over 50 percent in the next two decades, as 10,000 baby boomers reach retire-ment age each day; 
(C) enrollees remain in Medicare three 
times longer than at the outset of the pro-gram; 
(D) current workers’ payroll contributions 
pay for current beneficiaries; 
(E) in 2013, the ratio was 3.2 workers per 
beneficiary, but this falls to 2.3 in 2030 and continues to decrease over time; 
(F) most Medicare beneficiaries receive 
about three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
(G) Medicare spending is growing faster 
than the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 Long- Term Budget Outlook, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross do-mestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
(3) Failing to address this problem will 
leave millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger gen-erations burdened with enormous debt to pay 
for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICARE REFORM .—It is the 
policy of this resolution to preserve the pro-gram for those in or near retirement and strengthen Medicare for future beneficiaries. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This resolution assumes 
reform of the Medicare program such that— 
(1) current Medicare benefits are preserved 
for those in or near retirement; 
(2) permanent reform of the sustainable 
growth rate is responsibly accounted for to ensure physicians continue to participate in the Medicare program and provide quality health care for beneficiaries; 
(3) when future generations reach eligi-
bility, Medicare is reformed to provide a pre-
mium support payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage options from which recipients can choose a plan that best suits their needs; 
(4) Medicare will maintain traditional fee- 
for-service as a plan option; 
(5) Medicare will provide additional assist-
ance for lower income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks; and 
(6) Medicare spending is put on a sustain-
able path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the long-term. 
SEC. 809. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICAL DIS-
COVERY, DEVELOPMENT, DELIVERY AND INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For decades, the Nation’s commitment 
to the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures has made the United States the biomedical innovation capital of the world, bringing life-saving drugs and devices to patients and well over a million high-paying jobs to local commu-nities. 
(2) Thanks to the visionary and determined 
leadership of innovators throughout Amer-ica, including industry, academic medical centers, and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States has led the way in early discovery. The United States leadership role is being threatened, however, as other countries contribute more to basic research from both public and private sources. 
(3) The Organisation for Economic Devel-
opment and Cooperation predicts that China, for example, will outspend the United States in total research and development by the end of the decade. 
(4) Federal policies should foster innova-
tion in health care, not stifle it. America should maintain its world leadership in med-ical science by encouraging competitive forces to work through the marketplace in delivering cures and therapies to patients. 
(5) Too often the bureaucracy and red-tape 
in Washington hold back medical innovation and prevent new lifesaving treatments from reaching patients. This resolution recognizes the valuable role of the NIH and the indis-pensable contributions to medical research coming from outside Washington. 
(6) America is the greatest, most innova-
tive Nation on Earth. Her people are innovators, entrepreneurs, visionaries, and relentless builders of the future. Americans were responsible for the first telephone, the first airplane, the first computer, for putting the first man on the moon, for creating the first vaccine for polio and for legions of other scientific and medical breakthroughs that have improved and prolonged human health and life for countless people in Amer-ica and around the world. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICAL INNOVATION .— 
(1) It is the policy of this resolution to sup-
port the important work of medical innovators throughout the country, includ-ing private-sector innovators, medical cen-ters and the National Institutes of Health. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1927 March 25, 2015 
(2) At the same time, the budget calls for 
continued strong funding for the agencies that engage in valuable research and devel-opment, while also urging Washington to get out of the way of researchers, discoverers and innovators all over the country. 
SEC. 810. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL REG-
ULATORY REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Excessive regulation at the Federal 
level has hurt job creation and dampened the economy, slowing the Nation’s recovery from the economic recession. 
(2) Since President Obama’s inauguration 
in 2009, the administration has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations in the Fed-eral Register including 70,066 pages in 2014. 
(3) The National Association of Manufac-
turers estimates the total cost of regulations is as high as $2.03 trillion per year. Since 2009, the White House has generated more than $494 billion in regulatory activity, with an additional $87.6 billion in regulatory costs currently pending. 
(4) The Dodd-Frank financial services leg-
islation (Public Law 111–203) has resulted in more than $32 billion in compliance costs and saddled job creators with more than 63 million hours of compliance paperwork. 
(5) Implementation of the Affordable Care 
Act to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the pri-vate sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the States. 
(6) The highest regulatory costs come from 
rules issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA); these regulations are pri-marily targeted at the coal industry. In June 
2014, the EPA proposed a rule to cut carbon pollution from the Nation’s power plants. The proposed standards are unachievable with current commercially available tech-nology, resulting in a de-facto ban on new coal-fired power plants. 
(7) Coal-fired power plants provide roughly 
40 percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal indus-try with costly and unachievable regulations will increase energy prices, disproportion-ately disadvantaging energy-intensive indus-tries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class families al-ready struggling to pay their bills. 
(8) Three hundred and thirty coal units are 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the de-facto pro-hibition on new plants, these retirements and conversions may further increase the cost of electricity. 
(9) A recent study by the energy market 
analysis group Energy Ventures Analysis Inc. estimates the average energy bill in West Virginia will rise $750 per household by 2020, due in part to EPA regulations. West Virginia receives 95 percent of its electricity from coal. 
(10) The Heritage Foundation found that a 
phase-out of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross domestic product decrease of $2.23 tril-lion over the entire period and reducing the income of a family of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michi-gan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL REGULATORY RE-
FORM .—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress should, in consultation with the public burdened by excessive regulation, enact legislation that— 
(1) promotes economic growth and job cre-
ation by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Federal 
regulations; 
(2) requires the implementation of a regu-
latory budget to be allocated amongst Gov-ernment agencies, which would require con-gressional approval and limit the maximum costs of regulations in a given year; 
(3) requires congressional approval of all 
new major regulations (those with an impact of $100 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from becoming law, which would keep Congress engaged as to pending regu-latory policy and prevent costly and unsound policies from being implemented and becom-ing effective; 
(4) requires a three year retrospective cost- 
benefit analysis of all new major regula-tions, to ensure that regulations operate as intended; 
(5) reinforces the requirement of regu-
latory impact analysis for regulations pro-posed by executive branch agencies but also expands the requirement to independent agencies so that by law they consider the costs and benefits of proposed regulations rather than merely being encouraged to do so as is current practice; and 
(6) requires a formal rulemaking process 
for all major regulations, which would in-crease transparency over the process and allow interested parties to communicate their views on proposed legislation to agency officials. 
SEC. 811. POLICY STATEMENT ON HIGHER EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE DEVELOP-MENT OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS ON HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
House finds the following: 
(1) A well-educated workforce is critical to 
economic, job, and wage growth. 
(2) Roughly 20 million students are en-
rolled in American colleges and universities. 
(3) Over the past decade, tuition and fees 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. 
Between the 2004-2005 Academic Year and the 2014-2015 Academic Year— 
(A) published tuition and fees at public 4- 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; 
(B) published tuition and fees at public 
two-year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
(C) published tuition and fees at private 
nonprofit 4-year colleges and universities in-creased at an average rate of 2.2 percent per year above the rate of inflation. 
(4) Federal financial aid for higher edu-
cation has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent be-tween fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
(5) This spending has failed to make col-
lege more affordable. 
(6) In his 2012 State of the Union Address, 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
(7) American students are chasing ever-in-
creasing tuition with ever-increasing debt. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, student debt now stands at nearly $1.2 trillion. This makes student loans the second largest balance of consumer debt, after mortgage debt. 
(8) Students are carrying large debt loads 
and too many fail to complete college or end up defaulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
(9) Based on estimates from the Congres-
sional Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent 
year in the current budget window. 
(10) Failing to address these problems will 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
(b) P
OLICY ON HIGHER EDUCATION AFFORD -
ABILITY .—It is the policy of this resolution to 
address the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
(1) targeting Federal financial aid to those 
most in need; 
(2) streamlining programs that provide aid 
to make them more effective; 
(3) maintaining the maximum Pell grant 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and 
(4) removing regulatory barriers in higher 
education that act to restrict flexibility and innovative teaching, particularly as it re-lates to non-traditional models such as on-line coursework and competency-based learning. 
(c) F
INDINGS ON WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT .—The House finds the following: 
(1) 8.7 million Americans are currently un-
employed. 
(2) Despite billions of dollars in spending, 
those looking for work are stymied by a bro-ken workforce development system that fails to connect workers with assistance and em-ployers with trained personnel. 
(3) The House Education and Workforce 
Committee successfully consolidated 15 job training programs in the recently enacted Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
(d) P
OLICY ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
It is the policy of this resolution to address the failings in the current workforce devel-
opment system, by— 
(1) further streamlining and consolidating 
Federal job training programs; and 
(2) empowering states with the flexibility 
to tailor funding and programs to the spe-cific needs of their workforce, including the development of career scholarships. 
SEC. 812. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEPARTMENT 
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For years, there has been serious con-
cern regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and continuous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
(2) In 2014, reports started breaking across 
the Nation that VA medical centers were manipulating wait-list documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate resignation of then-Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
(3) In 2015, for the first time ever, VA 
health care was added to the ‘‘high-risk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
(4) In response to the scandal, the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held several oversight hearings and ultimately enacted the Veterans’ Access, Choice and Account-ability Act of 2014 (VACAA) (Public Law 113– 146) to address these problems. VACAA pro-vided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced access to private-sector health care under the new Veterans Choice Program. 
(b) P
OLICY ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS .—This budget supports the 
continued oversight efforts by the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ensure the VA is not only transparent and account-able, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and benefits to America’s veterans. The Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1928 March 25, 2015 
the VA’s progress to ensure resources pro-
vided by Congress are sufficient and effi-ciently used to provide needed benefits and services to veterans. 
SEC. 813. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL AC-
COUNTING METHODOLOGIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Given the thousands of Federal pro-
grams and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a complex undertaking. 
(2) Current methods of accounting leave 
much to be desired in capturing the full scope of government and in presenting infor-mation in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
(3) Most fiscal analysis produced by the 
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is con-ducted over a relatively short time horizon: 
10 or 25 years. While this time frame is useful for most purposes, it fails to consider the fis-cal consequences over the longer term. 
(4) Additionally, current accounting meth-
odology does not provide an analysis of how the Federal Government’s fiscal situation over the long run affects Americans of var-ious age cohorts. 
(5) Another consideration is how Federal 
programs should be accounted for. The ‘‘ac-crual method’’ of accounting records revenue when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred, while the ‘‘cash method’’ records revenue and expenses when cash is actually paid or received. 
(6) The Federal budget accounts for most 
programs using cash accounting. Some pro-grams, however, particularly loan and loan guarantee programs, are accounted for using accrual methods. 
(7) GAO has indicated that accrual ac-
counting may provide a more accurate esti-mation of the Federal Government’s liabil-ities than cash accounting for some pro-grams specifically those that provide some form of insurance. 
(8) Where accrual accounting is used, it is 
almost exclusively calculated by CBO ac-cording to the methodology outlined in the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). CBO uses fair value methodology instead of FCRA to measure the cost of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for example. 
(9) FCRA methodology, however, under-
states the risk and thus the true cost of Fed-eral programs. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being estimated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper matu-rity length. 
(10) The Congressional Budget Office has 
concluded that ‘‘adopting a fair-value ap-proach would provide a more comprehensive way to measure the costs of Federal credit programs and would permit more level com-parisons between those costs and the costs of other forms of federal assistance’’ than the current approach under FCRA. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL ACCOUNTING METH-
ODOLOGIES .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion that Congress should, in consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Governmentwide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American people and their representatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the op-tions best suited to improving it. Such re-forms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
(1) Providing additional metrics to en-
hance our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of various age cohorts. (2) Expanding the use of accrual account-
ing where appropriate. 
(3) Accounting for certain Federal credit 
programs using fair value accounting as op-posed to the current approach under the Fed-eral Credit Reform Act of 1990. 
SEC. 814. POLICY STATEMENT ON 
SCOREKEEPING FOR OUTYEAR BUDGETARY EFFECTS IN APPRO-PRIATION ACTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Section 302 of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974 directs the Committee on the Budget to provide an allocation of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the budget year covered by a con-current resolution on the budget. 
(2) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided by the Committee on the Budget to the Committee on Appropriations covers a period of one fiscal year only, which is effec-tive for the budget year. 
(3) An appropriation Act, joint resolution, 
amendment thereto or conference report thereon may contain changes to programs that result in direct budgetary effects that occur beyond the budget year and beyond the period for which the allocation of budgetary resources provided by the Committee on the Budget is effective. 
(4) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions does not currently anticipate or cap-ture direct outyear budgetary effects to pro-grams. 
(5) Budget enforcement could be improved 
by capturing the direct outyear budgetary effects caused by appropriation Acts and using this information to determine the ap-propriate allocations of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropriations when considering future concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
the House of Representatives to more effec-tively allocate budgetary resources and ac-curately enforce budget targets by agreeing to a procedure by which the Committee on the Budget should consider the direct out-year budgetary effects of changes to manda-tory programs enacted in appropriations bills, joint resolutions, amendments thereto or conference reports thereon when setting the allocation of budgetary resources for the Committee on Appropriations in a concur-rent resolution on the budget. The relevant committees of jurisdiction are directed to consult on a procedure during fiscal year 2016 and include recommendations for imple-menting such procedure in the fiscal year 2017 concurrent resolution on the budget. 
SEC. 815. POLICY STATEMENT ON REDUCING UN-
NECESSARY, WASTEFUL, AND UNAU-THORIZED SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) is required by law to identify exam-ples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified doz-ens of such examples. 
(2) In its report to Congress on Govern-
ment Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that address-ing the identified waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to 
tens of billions of dollars of additional sav-ings.’’ 
(3) In 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 the GAO 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs includ-ing— 
(A) two hundred nine Science, Technology, 
Engineering, and Mathematics education programs in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
(B) two hundred separate Department of 
Justice crime prevention and victim services grant programs with an annual cost of $3.9 
billion in 2010; 
(C) twenty different Federal entities ad-
minister 160 housing programs and other forms of Federal assistance for housing with a total cost of $170 billion in 2010; 
(D) seventeen separate Homeland Security 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 billion between fiscal year 2011 and 2012; 
(E) fourteen grant and loan programs, and 
three tax benefits to reduce diesel emissions; 
(F) ninety-four different initiatives run by 
11 different agencies to encourage ‘‘green building’’ in the private sector; and 
(G) twenty-three agencies implemented ap-
proximately 670 renewable energy initiatives in fiscal year 2010 at a cost of nearly $15 bil-lion. 
(4) The Federal Government spends more 
than $80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 information technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition fail-ures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
(5) GAO has identified strategic sourcing as 
a potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings an-nually. 
(6) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
(7) Under clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, each standing committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its es-tablishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management in Government programs. 
(8) According to the Congressional Budget 
Office, by fiscal year 2015, 32 laws will expire, possibly resulting in $693 billion in unauthor-ized appropriations. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of program justification and effectiveness. 
(9) The findings resulting from congres-
sional oversight of Federal Government pro-grams should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REDUCING UNNECESSARY , 
WASTEFUL , ANDUNAUTHORIZED SPENDING .— 
(1) Each authorizing committee annually 
should include in its Views and Estimates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget of programs within the jurisdiction of such committee whose funding should be reduced or eliminated. 
(2) Committees of jurisdiction should re-
view all unauthorized programs funded through annual appropriations to determine if the programs are operating efficiently and effectively. 
(3) Committees should reauthorize those 
programs that in the committees’ judgment should continue to receive funding. 
(4) For those programs not reauthorized by 
committees, the House of Representatives should enforce the limitations on funding such unauthorized programs in the House rules. If the strictures of the rules are deemed to be too rapid in prohibiting spend-ing on unauthorized programs, then milder measures should be adopted and enforced until a return to the full prohibition of clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House. 
SEC. 816. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE CANCELLA-TION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1929 March 25, 2015 
(1) According to the most recent estimate 
from the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
(2) These funds represent direct and discre-
tionary spending previously made available by Congress that remains available for ex-penditure. 
(3) In some cases, agencies are granted 
funding and it remains available for obliga-tion indefinitely. 
(4) The Congressional Budget and Impound-
ment Control Act of 1974 requires the Office of Management and Budget to make funds available to agencies for obligation and pro-hibits the Administration from withholding or cancelling unobligated funds unless ap-proved by an Act of Congress. 
(5) Greater congressional oversight is re-
quired to review and identify potential sav-ings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
(b) P
OLICY ON DEFICIT REDUCTION THROUGH  
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BAL-
ANCES .—Congressional committees should 
through their oversight activities identify and achieve savings through the cancellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of the Government nor reduce or disrupt Fed-eral commitments under programs such as Social Security, veterans’ affairs, national security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
(c) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Congress, with the 
assistance of the Government Accountability Office, the Inspectors General, and other ap-propriate agencies should continue to make it a high priority to review unobligated bal-ances and identify savings for deficit reduc-tion. 
SEC. 817. POLICY STATEMENT ON AGENCY FEES 
AND SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A number of Federal agencies and orga-
nizations have permanent authority to col-lect fees and other offsetting collections and 
to spend these collected funds. 
(2) The total amount of offsetting fees and 
offsetting collections is estimated by the Of-fice of Management and Budget to be $525 billion in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) Agency budget justifications are, in 
some cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting collections or fees. This lack of transparency prevents effective and account-able government. 
(b) P
OLICY ON AGENCY FEES AND SPEND -
ING.—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Congress should enact legislation requiring programs that are fund-ed through fees, offsetting receipts, or offset-ting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may arise from— 
(1) legislation originating from the author-
izing committee of jurisdiction for the agen-cy or program; or 
(2) fee and account specific allocations in-
cluded in annual appropriation Acts. 
SEC. 818. POLICY STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBLE 
STEWARDSHIP OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The budget for the House of Representa-
tives is $188 million less than it was when Republicans became the majority in 2011. 
(2) The House of Representatives has 
achieved significant savings by consolidating operations and renegotiating contracts. 
(b) P
OLICY ON RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP  
OFTAXPAYER DOLLARS .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that: (1) The House of Representatives must be a 
model for the responsible stewardship of tax-payer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, con-ferences, utilities, telecommunications, fur-niture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spend-ing. The Committee on House Administra-tion should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and com-mittees of the House, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the op-eration of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
(2) No taxpayer funds may be used to pur-
chase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
(3) Retirement benefits for Members of 
Congress should not include free, taxpayer- funded health care for life. 
SEC. 819. POLICY STATEMENT ON ‘‘NO BUDGET, 
NO PAY’’. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Con-
gress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, a House of Congress has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the payroll administrator of that House should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113–3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and should place in an escrow account all com-pensation otherwise required to be made for Members of that House of Congress. With-held compensation should be released to Members of that House of Congress the ear-lier of the day on which that House of Con-gress agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or the last day of that Congress. 
SEC. 820. POLICY STATEMENT ON NATIONAL SE-
CURITY FUNDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Russian aggression, the growing threats 
of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Middle East, North Korean and Ira-nian nuclear and missile programs, and con-tinued Chinese investments in high-end mili-tary capabilities and cyber warfare shape the parameters of an increasingly complex and challenging security environment. 
(2) All four current service chiefs testified 
that the National Military Strategy could not be executed at sequestration levels. 
(3) The independent and bipartisan Na-
tional Defense Panel conducted risk assess-ments of force structure changes triggered by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and concluded that in addition to previous cuts to defense dating back to 2009, the sequestra-tion of defense discretionary spending has ‘‘caused significant shortfalls in U.S. mili-tary readiness and both present and future capabilities’’. 
(4) The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget 
irresponsibly ignores current law and re-quests a defense budget $38 billion above the caps for rhetorical gain. By creating an ex-pectation of spending without a plan to avoid the BCA’s guaranteed sequester upon breaching of its caps, the White House’s pro-posal compounds the fiscal uncertainty that has affected the military’s ability to ade-quately plan for future contingencies and make investments crucial for the Nation’s defense. 
(5) The President’s budget proposes $1.8 
trillion in tax increases, in addition to the $1.7 trillion in tax hikes the Administration has already imposed. The President’s tax in-
creases would further burden economic growth and is not a realistic source for off-sets to fund defense sequester replacement. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FISCAL YEAR2016 N ATIONAL  
DEFENSE FUNDING .—In fiscal year 2015, the 
House-passed budget resolution anticipated $566 billion for national defense in the discre-tionary base budget for fiscal year 2016. With no necessary statutory change yet provided by Congress, the BCA statute would require limiting national defense discretionary base funding to $523 billion in fiscal year 2016. However, in total with $90 billion, the House Budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Operations funding for the Department of Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides over $613 billion total for defense spending that is higher than the President’s budget request for the fiscal year. This concurrent resolution provides $22 billion above the President’s Five Year Defense Plan and $151 billion above the 10-year totals. This would also be $387 billion above the 10-year total for current levels. 
(c) D
EFENSE READINESS AND MODERNIZATION  
FUND.—(1) The budget resolution recognizes 
the need to ensure robust funding for na-tional defense while maintaining overall fis-cal discipline. The budget resolution prioritizes our national defense and the needs of the warfighter by providing needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund’’. 
(2) The Defense Readiness and Moderniza-
tion Fund provides the mechanism for Con-gress to responsibly allocate in a deficit-neu-tral way the resources the military needs to secure the safety and liberty of United States citizens from threats at home and abroad. The Defense Readiness and Mod-ernization Fund will provide the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House the ability to increase allocations to support legislation that would provide for the De-partment of Defense warfighting capabili-ties, modernization, a temporary increase in end strength, training and maintenance as-sociated with combat readiness, activities to reach full auditability of the Department of Defense’s financial statements, and imple-mentation of military and compensation re-forms. 
(d) S
EQUESTER REPLACEMENT FOR NATIONAL  
DEFENSE .—This concurrent resolution en-
courages an immediate reevaluation of Fed-eral Government priorities to maintain the strength of America’s national security pos-ture. In identifying policies to restructure and stabilize the Government’s major enti-tlement programs which, along with net in-terest, will consume all Federal revenue in less than 20 years. The budget also charts a course that can ensure the availability of needed national security resources. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–49. 
Each amendment may be offered only 
in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, and shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. 
If more than one such amendment is 
adopted, then only the one receiving the greater number of affirmative votes shall be considered as finally adopted. 
In the case of a tie for the greater 
number of affirmative votes, then only the last amendment to receive that number of affirmative votes shall be considered as finally adopted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.005 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1930 March 25, 2015 
After conclusion of consideration of 
the concurrent resolution for amend-ment, there shall be a final period of general debate, which shall not exceed 10 minutes, equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on the Budget. 
b1330 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, as the 
designee of the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ), I have an amend-
ment at the desk, and I rise to offer an alternative budget on behalf of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that 
this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal year 2015 and for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 201. Direct spending. 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS BUDGET 
ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 301. Point of order against advance ap-
propriations. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $2,397,906,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $3,011,600,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,363,689,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,484,023,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: $3,611,419,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,764,354,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,936,524,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,113,414,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,305,297,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,511,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,723,308,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: -$29,871,00,000. Fiscal year 2016: $340,098,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $611,103,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $639,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $656,337,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: $686,652,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $722,007,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $760,933,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $794,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $836,409,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $868,535,000,000. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $3,364,224,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $3,700,423,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,671,036,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,715,311,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,879,230,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $4,055,790,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $4,200,058,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,434,308,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,575,085,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,705,499,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,935,827,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $3,307,153,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $3,688,702,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,630,273,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,676,002,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,851,980,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $4,012,330,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $4,165,094,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,401,070,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,524,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,636,441,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,881,361,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: -$909,247,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: -$677,102,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$266,584,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$191,979,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$240,561,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$247,976,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$228,570,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$287,656,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: -$218,934,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: -$125,165,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: -$158,053,000,000. (5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $18,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $19,720,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $20,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $20,607,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $21,061,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $21,522,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $21,964,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $22,442,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $22,872,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $23,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $23,610,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $13,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $14,503,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,827,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $15,088,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $15,421,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $15,785,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $16,156,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $16,613,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $17,039,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $17,411,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $17,867,000,000. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the budgetary levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2015 through 2024 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $596,720,000,000. (B) Outlays, $590,195,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $540,897,000,000. (B) Outlays, $570,644,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $550,795,000,000. (B) Outlays, $555,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $560,791,000,000. (B) Outlays, $552,067,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $571,839,000,000. (B) Outlays, $562,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $586,141,000,000. (B) Outlays, $573,944,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $600,467,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,697,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $615,501,000,000. (B) Outlays, $605,662,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $630,886,000,000. (B) Outlays, $615,621,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $648,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, $627,135,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $664,060,000,000. (B) Outlays, $647,739,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $64,111,000,000. (B) Outlays, $54,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $58,607,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,004,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $63,812,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,796,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $62,354,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,103,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $60,995,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,785,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $62,073,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,494,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $63,155,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,905,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $64,489,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,595,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $66,282,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $68,136,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $64,267,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $70,014,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,907,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $33,555,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,588,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $37,823,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,245,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $40,918,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $40,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,711,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $39,815,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,677,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $40,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,054,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $41,282,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,588,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.020 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1931 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $42,048,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $43,159,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,156,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $44,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $45,477,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,349,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $13,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $9,783,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $19,255,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,944,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $24,526,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,945,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,929,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,982,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $19,414,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,166,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,494,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,596,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,852,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $19,698,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,879,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $20,511,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,382,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $21,331,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,151,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $22,185,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,978,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $40,203,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,149,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $45,346,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,322,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $48,757,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,914,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $49,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,788,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $48,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,699,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $50,582,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $51,124,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $52,129,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $53,509,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,412,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $55,023,000,000. (B) Outlays, $54,171,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $56,690,000,000. (B) Outlays, $55,718,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $20,856,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,038,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $19,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,785,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: 
(A) New budget authority, $23,441,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,332,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,444,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,695,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $21,083,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,257,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $20,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,512,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $20,536,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $20,415,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,860,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $21,062,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,505,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $21,142,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $21,462,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,934,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority -$13,573,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$27,482,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $22,596,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,784,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $23,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,423,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,032,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,653,000,000. (B) Outlays, $907,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $21,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $21,396,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,513,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $22,413,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,735,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $22,809,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,738,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $23,651,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,205,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $24,536,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,995,000,000. 
(8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $160,537,000,000. (B) Outlays, $164,218,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $201,058,000,000. (B) Outlays, $205,978,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $171,812,000,000. (B) Outlays, $177,425,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $172,680,000,000. (B) Outlays, $177,406,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $163,577,000,000. (B) Outlays, $168,774,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $159,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $165,356,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $150,440,000,000. (B) Outlays, $156,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $152,880,000,000. (B) Outlays, $159,980,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $155,363,000,000. (B) Outlays, $163,113,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $157,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, $166,022,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $160,484,000,000. (B) Outlays, $169,482,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $21,665,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,322,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $19,549,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,333,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,631,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,763,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,963,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $21,029,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,094,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $21,120,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,152,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $21,116,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,773,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $21,129,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,473,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $21,530,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,273,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $22,008,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,686,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $22,534,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,108,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $272,498,000,000. (B) Outlays, $272,495,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $328,498,000,000. (B) Outlays, $323,907,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $200,312,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $173,602,000,000. (B) Outlays, $171,432,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $168,570,000,000. (B) Outlays, $167,804,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $173,767,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $172,246,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $177,659,000,000. (B) Outlays, $176,414,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $181,815,000,000. (B) Outlays, $179,952,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $186,704,000,000. (B) Outlays, $184,267,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $190,822,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,075,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $194,350,000,000. (B) Outlays, $191,490,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $495,569,000,000. (B) Outlays, $486,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $534,967,000,000. (B) Outlays, $541,531,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $585,819,000,000. (B) Outlays, $585,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.002 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1932 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $609,092,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $610,103,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $632,934,000,000. (B) Outlays, $634,452,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $666,788,000,000. (B) Outlays, $657,365,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $690,145,000,000. (B) Outlays, $690,026,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $726,916,000,000. (B) Outlays, $726,254,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $763,443,000,000. (B) Outlays, $762,573,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $802,035,000,000. (B) Outlays, $801,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $840,653,000,000. (B) Outlays, $839,972,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $542,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, $541,942,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $581,875,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $581,353,000,000. (B) Outlays, $581,261,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $589,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $589,302,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $656,196,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,941,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $700,224,000,000. (B) Outlays, $700,013,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $748,937,000,000. (B) Outlays, $748,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $843,411,000,000. (B) Outlays, $843,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $864,642,000,000. (B) Outlays, $863,476,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $876,647,000,000. (B) Outlays, $875,217,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $972,674,000,000. (B) Outlays, $977,111,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $614,473,000,000. (B) Outlays, $602,805,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $664,717,000,000. (B) Outlays, $654,441,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $670,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,937,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $648,386,000,000. (B) Outlays, $636,318,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $661,408,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,010,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $684,016,000,000. (B) Outlays, $677,559,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $703,622,000,000. (B) Outlays, $697,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $728,814,000,000. (B) Outlays, $727,605,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $747,206,000,000. (B) Outlays, $740,590,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $768,296,000,000. (B) Outlays, $755,384,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $795,550,000,000. (B) Outlays, $787,126,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $31,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,621,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $33,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,563,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $160,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $159,625,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $181,292,000,000. (B) Outlays, $182,078,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $184,608,000,000. (B) Outlays, $184,426,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $180,332,000,000. (B) Outlays, $179,790,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $189,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $189,769,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $194,649,000,000. (B) Outlays, $193,880,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $198,924,000,000. (B) Outlays, $197,982,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $211,288,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $210,116,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $208,612,000,000. (B) Outlays, $207,036,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $206,159,000,000. (B) Outlays, $204,371,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $220,777,000,000. (B) Outlays, $218,909,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $59,793,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $77,732,000,000. (B) Outlays, $59,566,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $69,470,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,795,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $67,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,498,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $68,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,295,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $70,010,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $65,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $71,895,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,925,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $74,399,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,997,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $76,600,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,698,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $78,856,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,439,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $84,772,000,000. (B) Outlays, $75,860,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $24,945,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,831,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $25,248,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,908,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $25,566,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,282,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $26,307,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,939,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $27,072,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,534,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $27,830,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,295,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $28,631,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,106,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $29,449,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,938,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $30,243,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,733,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $30,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,351,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $31,693,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,151,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $326,529,000,000. (B) Outlays, $326,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $377,249,000,000. (B) Outlays, $377,249,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $430,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $430,763,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $499,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $499,872,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $557,611,000,000. (B) Outlays, $557,611,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $608,177,000,000. (B) Outlays, $608,177,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $645,267,000,000. (B) Outlays, $645,267,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $682,266,000,000. (B) Outlays, $682,266,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $716,017,000,000. (B) Outlays, $716,017,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $742,865,000,000. (B) Outlays, $742,865,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $760,812,000,000. (B) Outlays, $760,812,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority $5,709,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.002 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1933 March 25, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $5,719,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $7,967,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,838,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $4,849,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,181,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,881,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$2,043,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$398,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$7,633,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$4,727,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$10,868,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$7,855,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$13,111,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$11,070,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$13,541,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$12,146,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$12,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$12,413,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$13,641,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$13,025,000,000. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority -$106,825,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$106,825,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$78,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$78,012,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$88,445,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$88,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$93,810,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,810,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,497,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,497,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$89,327,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$89,327,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$92,978,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,978,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$95,188,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$95,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$97,408,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$97,408,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$102,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$102,090,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$105,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$105,007,000,000. 
TITLE II—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 201. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2015 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 11-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2015 is 5.1 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) The People’s Budget implements a new 
tax credit to reward Americans for their hard work. This policy would provide a re-fundable tax credit for two years for up to $800 for working individuals earning less than $95,000 and up to $1200 for households earning less than $190,000. Modeled off the 
Making Work Pay tax credit, this targeted tax credit would immediately raise dispos-able income for low and middle-income fami-lies. 
(B) The People’s Budget adopts President 
Obama’s Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) to expand eligibility, including for childless workers. Continues enhanced credits origi-nally implemented under the American Re-covery and Reinvestment Act to target those most in need. This includes extending the Child and Dependent Care Credit and the American Opportunity Tax Credit through 2024. 
(C) The People’s Budget includes the Presi-
dent’s proposal to boost the Child Tax Credit maximum deduction to $3,000. It makes key expansions permanent to protect 50 million Americans who would otherwise be at jeop-ardy for losing part or all of their EITC or CTC. 
(D) The People’s Budget creates a debt free 
college that provides Federal matching pro-gram to supports state efforts to expand in-vestments in higher education, bring down costs for students, and increase aid to stu-dents to help them cover the total cost of college attendance without taking on debt. The program would encourage innovation by states and colleges to improve efficiency and enable speedy and less-costly degree comple-tion. By treating higher education as a pub-lic good worth investing in, we can once again make higher education accessible to all. 
(E) The People’s Budget allows students re-
finance their student loans at low rates and allows private borrowers to shift to more af-fordable government loans. Allowing student borrowers to reduce the value of their debt will free up income for purchases and will create a job-creating ripple effect through-out the entire economy. 
(F) The People’s Budget restores cuts made 
to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and permanently adopts the enhanced levels established in the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The vast majority of SNAP recipients are house-holds with children, seniors and individuals with disabilities, but recent cuts lowered av-erage benefits by $216 in 2014. Providing fam-ilies with basic food security through SNAP is one of the most effective ways the Federal Government can stimulate the economy. 
(G) The People’s Budget provides an addi-
tional $10 billion for child nutrition pro-grams including program expansion and im-provements for summer meals; essential im-provements and expansion funding for pre-
school nutrition including increases in meal reimbursements to fulfill the new meal pat-tern, an additional meal or snack for chil-dren in long-term care, and expanded pro-gram eligibility; and investments in school meals and school kitchens. 
(H) The People’s Budget replaces the 40 
percent excise tax with a public option to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to offer a public insurance option within the health insurance marketplaces. This ensures choice, competition, and sta-bility in coverage. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates the premium costs for Americans under the public option will be 7 to 8 percent lower than costs in private ex-change plans. The repeal of the excise tax costs $87 billion while savings from the pub-lic option are $218 billion. 
(I) The People’s Budget continues funding 
for the entire CHIP program until 2019. 
(J) The People’s Budget protects States 
programs by fully retaining maintenance of effort requirements and eliminating any States ability to arbitrarily implement en-rollment caps. Without action, Federal fund-ing for CHIP will expire jeopardizing the health care coverage of more than 10 million 
children and pregnant women. 
(K) The People’s Budget permits the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to negotiate prescription drug prices with pharmaceutical manufacturers. Giving HHS the ability to negotiate prices, as the De-partment of Veterans Affairs currently does, will save Medicare $157 billion and will re-duce costs for seniors. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For non means-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2015 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For non means-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 11-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2014 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for non means- tested direct spending: 
(A) The People’s Budget allows those who 
have lost a job through no fault of their own to claim up to 99 weeks of unemployment benefits in high-unemployment states for up to two years. According to the Economic Policy Institute, this would boost real GDP growth by 0.4 percentage points and increase employment by 539,000 jobs in 2015. 
(B) The People’s Budget also adopts Presi-
dent Obama’s reforms to improve system solvencies and incentivize job training. 
(C) The People’s Budget includes funding 
to replace SGR with a payment system that focuses on equity for primary care and pro-tections for low-income beneficiaries. The budget pays for the reform through added overall revenues, which does not require cost to be passed to Medicare beneficiaries in any form. 
(D) The People’s Budget improves the Af-
fordable Care Act by repealing the excise tax on high-priced health plans. Proponents of the provision hoped that this tax would slow the rate of growth of health costs, while rais-ing revenue. However, in an effort to avoid the tax, employers who traditionally offer excellent benefits have started offering less generous plans. This is an ineffective tool to bend the cost curve. Since the tax is at-tached to premiums instead of coverage it has the potential to hit plans it wasn’t in-
tended to impact. 
(E) The People’s Budget establishes a rep-
resentative democracy that truly reflects the diversity and values of our nation by providing funding for the public financing of campaigns. This gives a voice to small do-nors that have been drowned out by dark money. Public financing keeps politicians accountable to the voters that elect them in-stead of to special interest money. In the era of the devastating Citizens United decision, big money has taken the reins of our elec-tion process. It is now more important than ever to provide candidates with effective al-ternatives to finance their campaigns. 
(F) The People’s Budget uses the Experi-
mental Price Index for the Elderly (CPI-E) to calculate Cost of Living Adjustments (COLA) for Federal retirement programs other than Social Security. Affected pro-grams include civil service retirement, mili-tary retirement, Supplemental Security In-come, veteran’s pensions and compensations. CPI-E is the most sensible and accurate measure of the real costs that seniors face in retirement, current underpricing of costs amount to cutting benefits for those on fixed incomes. 
(G) The People’s Budget makes a down 
payment of $820 billion to help close the na-tion’s infrastructure deficit while protecting against climate change and creating millions of living wage jobs. The budget also helps boost private financing for critical state and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.002 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1934 March 25, 2015 
local projects by creating a public-private 
infrastructure bank. The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) estimates that the United States will need to invest upwards of $1 trillion above current levels over the next decade just to make required repairs to roads, bridges, water, and energy systems. 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS BUDGET 
ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 301. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ADVANCE 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided in subsection (b), any bill, joint res-olution, amendment, or conference report making a general appropriation or con-tinuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Advance appropriations 
may be provided for all programs adminis-tered by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘advance appropriation’’ means any new dis-cretionary budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making general ap-propriations or any new discretionary budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolu-tion making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2016. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Concurrent 
resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and including the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal year 2015 and fis-cal years 2017 through 2025.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to stand while using this 
visual aid so that I can show clearly that the people’s budget—the people’s budget which we will enter today and will have debate on right now—is the right budget for the American people because it puts the American people first. 
The people’s budget has it firmly in 
mind, ‘‘We, the people’’; and so when we think about how we should pull to-gether a plan for the Nation’s spending and the Nation’s receipts, revenue, and how we plan out what we are going to spend money on, this people’s budget is the thing. 
Let me start just by talking about 
where we are now and how we must re-spond to the American people’s needs. 
Corporations are pocketing record 
profits by driving down wages with one hand and increasing the cost of build-ing basic building blocks of a happy life on the other. Where does that leave working families? Huddled around a dinner table with their paychecks, doing the math in their head, won-dering if they can make ends meet this month. 
This shows, clearly, median income 
for all families down 8 percent between 2000 and 2012; price of rent is up; med-ical care is up; child care is up; higher education is way up. 
The people’s budget responds directly 
to the needs of the American people, first, by putting forth the most impor-tant thing and what we believe is the 
most important metric and measure-ment of any budget: How many jobs do you create? The people’s budget creates 8.4 million jobs and raises wages by: in-vesting $820 billion in infrastructure and rebuilding our Nation’s roads and bridges and our broadband and things like that; providing aid to States to help local governments rehire teachers, firefighters, police officers; supporting a minimum wage increase and increas-ing funding for worker protection agen-cies to enforce wage laws; and, finally, funding student loan programs that help businesses grow. 
The people’s budget brings down the 
cost for the building blocks of the American Dream. At a time when too many young people are getting priced out of a college education situation, our budget offers debt-free college for all; and for students who are already paying back their student loans, we offer affordable loan refinancing. 
To reduce health care costs, the peo-
ple’s budget removes the 40 percent ex-cise tax on high-cost health care plans and provides for a public option for consumers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that a public option would offer premiums that are 7 to 8 percent lower than those offered by pri-vate plans. 
To help parents take care of their 
children, our budget expands family tax credits and develops a fund to pro-vide eligible low-income families with access to health care. 
At the bottom line, Madam Chair, is 
this: the richest nation in the history of the world at what may well be ar-gued its richest point in its history should be a place where working people can look forward to an American Dream, where they don’t have to hud-dle around the table at the end of the week and wonder if they are going to make it. So we offer the people’s budg-et. 
Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ), my cochair. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I thank Mr. E LLISON  
for yielding me the time. 
Madam Chair, in support of the peo-
ple’s budget, let me simply say, this budget places this Nation’s greatest re-source, its people, as the priority. It places value on the needs and hopes of regular working people in this country and the middle class, those aspiring to the middle class who are wanting to leave poverty and low-wage jobs be-hind. 
You are going to hear from our col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle what a terrible scourge our people’s budget is on raising taxes and spend-ing, but our budget provides to the American people some very distinct and necessary support: jobs, it creates jobs; security in retirement and in dif-ficult times for the American people; fair wages for a fair day’s work; invest-ments in our collective future: edu-cation, environment, children, and job training for the future; income sta-bility and ending income inequality. 
Those are the priorities within the budget that reflect the needs of the American people. We offer opportunity to Americans who strive for a better life in this budget. 
Republicans are clearly angry that 
we are ending the special treatment of Wall Street buddies. Meanwhile, they have no problem at ending tax credits for low- and middle-income families. Among the few specific tax proposals in the House Republican budget is a promise to spend hundreds of billions on high-income and corporate tax cuts. The trickle down has not trickled, and we continue that process. 
Republicans are saying they are 
seeking to balance the budget. They are balancing this budget on the backs of the middle class, while cutting taxes for the wealthy and well connected, and getting to balance through irre-sponsible budget gimmicks. 
We close corporate loopholes. Off-
shore tax havens on profits are elimi-nated. We have a progressive tax rate for income above $1 million. Our budg-et is about the American people. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to commend our friends in the 
Progressive Caucus for bringing for-ward a budget. It is not necessarily an easy thing to do, and so we want to thank them for bringing their budget forward. 
There aren’t many times in Congress 
when we actually get to compare like products to like products side by side, so I think it is important to compare exactly where this budget that is being proposed would take us. These are the three budgets that are going to be of-fered this afternoon by our friends on the other side of the aisle. The Progres-sive Caucus is the first one. So how does it compare to the budget, A Bal-anced Budget for a Stronger America, that we have offered for this Chamber? 
First, taxes; their budget would in-
crease taxes over $7 trillion over the next 10 years. Spending? Spending in-creases $9.3 trillion over our budget. Deficits? $2.4 trillion increase over the next 10 years. Debt? $2.8 trillion in-crease in debt over the Republican op-tion, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. Defense; decreasing defense spending by $529 billion. When does it get to balance? Never. Never gets to balance. 
Actually, Madam Chair, it clearly is 
not the direction that the American people desire or the American people need. So we stand strongly in favor of A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
I yield my remaining time to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), and I ask unanimous 
consent that he be allowed to control the time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.002 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1935 March 25, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C ON-
YERS ), the dean of the House of Rep-
resentatives and my good friend. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Chair, I stand 
up to cheer for the Ellison-Grijalva Progressive Caucus budget and what it stands for, and especially for the full employment bill that is woven inside this very spectacular budget. 
With 20 million Americans unem-
ployed or underemployed or have given up, we put a fraction of a percent of tax on Wall Street speculators and fees on big polluters to finance more than a trillion dollars in investments to repair our roads and bridges, upgrade energy systems, and prepare our young people to thrive as citizens and workers. This budget will create 8.4 million jobs by 2018. 
I came to Congress a number of dec-
ades ago to fight for Dr. Martin Luther King’s priorities: jobs, justice, and peace. The Progressive Caucus does it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Madam Chair, for the fifth year in a 
row, the Republicans have put forth a budget that devastates nondefense spending and dismantles Medicare, Medicaid, CHIP, and aid to college stu-dents. It gives a $200,000 tax break to the wealthiest Americans while impos-ing a $2,000 tax increase on working families. It abandons our critical na-tional infrastructure and the jobs it could create. The Republican budget makes a clear choice: billionaires and corporations before working Americans and seniors. 
The Progressive Caucus people’s 
budget offers a clear alternative. This budget creates 8.4 million jobs through investments in infrastructure, worker training, and clean energy. It repeals the devastating sequester cuts and gives the 46
1⁄2million Americans living 
in poverty a path back to prosperity. This alternative budget puts an end to a system where CEOs pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries. It closes tax loopholes that allow corporations to avoid taxes on overseas profits and makes it harder for American busi-nesses to set up shop in low-tax coun-tries. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield an additional 
15 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. NADLER. It makes it harder for 
American businesses to set up shop in low-tax countries to lower their tax burden. It supports middle-class fami-lies through paid parental leave, childcare, and debt-free college. It proves that Congress can pass a budget that supports working families and seniors, builds an economy that creates 
jobs and restores faith in the American Dream. 
I urge my colleagues to invest in this 
country and its people. Support the people’s budget. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, may I 
inquire how much time both sides have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 7
1⁄4minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Cali-fornia has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. ELLISON. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Chairman, even though I dis-
agree heartily with the budgets ad-vanced by the Progressive Caucus, they do an invaluable service to the budget debate by bringing into sharp relief two very different visions of govern-ance advanced by the two parties. 
The Progressive budget is sincere and 
bold. Unfortunately, it is also wrong. It would hike taxes by $7 trillion over the next 10 years relative to the Repub-lican budget, hike spending by $9.3 tril-lion, and run up $2.8 trillion more in debt than the Republican budget over 10 years. 
Now, let’s begin with a reality check 
here. Divide $1 trillion into the number of families in this country. Every tril-lion dollars we throw around here is roughly $8,000 taken from an average family’s earnings. Some of that they see as direct taxes; some of that they see as increased prices or depressed wages as businesses pass along their costs to consumers and employees; but ultimately it is paid by working Amer-icans because that is where the bulk of our economy rests. 
So $3.8 trillion in increased taxes 
means roughly $30,000 taken from the earnings of an average family over the next 10 years; $2.8 trillion in increased debt means another $22,000 of debt added to that family’s obligations that they will have to pay in future taxes. We are told, well, don’t worry, rich people will pay all those taxes. The problem is, there aren’t enough rich people in the country to begin to make more than a dent in these numbers. It turns out, many of the so-called rich people aren’t rich, and they aren’t even people. They are struggling small busi-nesses filing under subchapter S. 
And remember this dirty little secret 
of finance: businesses do not pay busi-ness taxes. The only three possible ways a business tax can be paid is by consumers through higher prices, by employees through lower wages, and by investors through lower earnings. That is your 401(k) or your pension plan that we are talking about. 
We are told, well, don’t worry. We are 
using that money to create wealth and jobs. Well, the problem is government doesn’t create wealth because govern-ment cannot inject a dollar into the economy until it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy. True, we see the job that government creates 
when it puts the dollar back in. What we don’t see as clearly is the job that is lost when government first takes that dollar out of the economy. 
b1345 
We see those lost jobs in the lowest 
labor participation rate in nearly 40 years and in declining median incomes for working Americans. 
Here is what government can do—and 
what the Progressive Democratic budg-et proposes. It can transfer jobs from the private sector to the public sector by taxing one and expanding the other. It can transfer jobs from one sector of the private market to the other by tax-ing one and subsidizing the other. 
In fact, that is precisely the dif-
ference between Apple Computer and Solyndra. It is the difference between FedEx and the post office. It is the dif-ference between the Reagan recovery and the Obama recovery. In fact, it has been estimated that if the Obama re-covery had mirrored the Reagan recov-ery, millions more Americans would be working today, and family incomes would be thousands of dollars higher than they are today. 
But, of course, Reagan diagnosed the 
problem very differently than this ad-ministration. You remember his fa-mous words: In this great economic cri-sis, government is not the solution to our problems—government is the prob-lem. 
He dramatically reduced the tax bur-
den from 70 percent down to 28 percent. He reduced spending by 2 percent of GDP. He rolled back many of the regu-latory burdens imposed on our econ-omy. And the result was one of the most dramatic and prolonged economic expansions in our Nation’s history. 
And it wasn’t just Reagan. We forget 
that after the 1994 congressional elec-tion, Bill Clinton realized his policies weren’t working. He came here to this floor in his State of the Union Address and proclaimed the era of Big Govern-ment is over. And he made good on that promise. He reached across the aisle to work with the Republican Con-gress and together they accomplished some amazing things. 
They reduced Federal spending by 4 
percent of GDP. They approved what amounted to the biggest capital gains tax cut in American history. They dra-matically reduced entitlement spend-ing by—in Clinton’s words—‘‘ending welfare as we know it.’’ 
The result was the only four budget 
surpluses in the last half century and another period of prolonged economic expansion. And the percentage of chil-dren living in poverty dropped dra-matically. 
The budget reported by the House 
Budget Committee employs these prin-ciples that worked when Reagan and Clinton used them and worked when John F. Kennedy and Harry Truman and Warren Harding used them. 
The Republican House budget gradu-
ally reduces spending as a percentage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.022 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1936 March 25, 2015 
of GDP. It calls for a lower, flatter tax 
rate. It puts our Nation back on a course to a balanced budget. It saves Medicare from bankrupting and col-lapsing on an entire generation of Americans. 
It takes us off the path of debt and 
doubt and despair that this administra-tion has dogmatically followed and re-stores us to policies that have repeat-edly brought prosperity to our Nation. 
Government cannot create jobs, but 
it can create conditions where jobs multiply and prosper, or where they stagnate and disappear. That it can do very well. And we have very consistent experience with the policies that cre-ate these conditions. 
Increase the burdens on the economy 
and the economy contracts. Lighten the burdens on the economy and it grows and prospers. That is what is out of control with this administration. No nation has ever taxed and spent its way to prosperity, but many nations have taxed and spent their way to economic ruin and bankruptcy. 
We know what works. We know what 
doesn’t work. The House Budget Com-mittee’s Balanced Budget for a Strong-er America follows principles that have time and again consistently and rap-idly produced economic expansion and prosperity. 
The Obama budget, the House Demo-
crats’ budget, and the Progressive budget before us now double down on failed policies that have bankrupted nations throughout recorded history. 
That is the choice before us today, 
and we are running out of time to make it. Let’s choose wisely. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington State (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ) of the 
Ways and Means Committee. 
(Mr. M CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Madam Chairman, 
the last speaker said there are two vi-sions for this country, and there are. There is the Republican vision, that is, give more to the wealthy, and there is the Progressive vision of investing in the future so that all Americans can do well. 
The Republicans would want you to 
believe that millionaires and billion-aires have the same tax problems as folks on the bottom of the scale, the hard-working Americans who are try-ing to make a living. But that is not the case. 
While the Republican budget gives 
tax breaks to the wealthy and corpora-tions, the CPC budget boosts and per-manently extends the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit, which makes stronger working fami-lies. 
The second thing the CPC budget 
does, and this is even more for the fu-ture, it takes on the issue of student debt, which is a crisis in this country. 
We have $1.3 trillion of debt wrapped 
around the necks of our children. Every student and parent knows that 
the cost of a college education is going up. Millions of students are stuck with loans at high interest rates of 10 per-cent or larger. 
Rather than a Republican budget 
that keeps students and families inden-tured to Wall Street banks and the Federal student loan program, our al-ternative allows students to refinance their loan. 
You can refinance your house. Why 
can’t the millions of students in this country refinance their student loans to get a lower rate? It is because the Republicans are tied to the banks and won’t let it happen. 
Now, if the Republicans had their 
way, students would continue to choose between paying the rent and paying their student loan debt. That is where kids are today. They are paying more to the banks on their loans than they pay for their rent. 
That is not the America I want. It is 
not the America anybody in this coun-try really wants, except a very few peo-ple that the Republicans represent. 
I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Pro-
gressive budget. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Madam Chair-
man, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished Member from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Madam Chairman, I would just make 
the point that as we have this debate on the so-called Progressive budget versus the House budget, that in fact it is Chairman P
RICE’s committee budget 
that is indeed the progressive budget. And I say that for this reason. If you stop and think about this notion of being progressive, it is to yield to inno-vation, to change to flexibility in one’s own choice in the way that one does something. And I don’t think that there is anything more sacred in that regard than the way that one spends one’s own money. 
If we were to go with this alter-
native, what we would see on the tax and spending side is going from 18 per-cent of GDP up to around 22 percent of GDP. Those are sort of amorphous numbers, but what does that equate to in 2025? It equates to about $800 billion. 
$800 billion means that you could go 
and fund the State of South Carolina government 115 times. In other words, you could take that product, multiply it times 115. Think about what we spend on, for instance, transportation here at the Federal level. You could fund it 60 times. 
It is a big number by any account. 
And fundamentally, it is a question of equity. Should 435 folks here in this Chamber decide how folks’ money is spent, or should they decide how their money is spent? 
I think it is also important because 
when you think about debt and deficit and interest payments, if we were to go with this alternative, what we are looking at is substantial increases on that front, so much so that I think that you are looking at the next gen-
eration that, to a degree, becomes an indentured servant to the Federal Gov-ernment. 
This isn’t my thinking. If you go to 
the University of Boston, Laurence Kotlikoff has done a study on a thing called generational accounting. It says, What is the imputed cost for a child born in America in terms of tax and spending load? It is about 82 percent. That is 82 percent. 
In fairness to Chairman P
RICE, what 
he has done is try to stem that tide and moves us back in the direction so that people have more discretion on how they spend their money. And that is ul-timately what is at play. 
I would also say that it is progressive 
from the standpoint in the way that the House budget attempts to deal with entitlements. 
Take, for instance, just the 
healthcare side. On Medicare, there is nothing crazier than trying to do the same thing over and over and expecting a different result because what all the actuaries have said is, if we continue on that road, we are going to see real shortfalls with regard to the Federal Government’s ability to handle entitle-ments. 
On ObamaCare, there is nothing pro-
gressive about forcing somebody to pay into a system that may or may not fit their needs. On the Medicaid level, there is nothing less progressive than not offering choices. Think about the diversity of the different States we have out there and how different the health care needs may be in South Carolina than the inner city of Los An-geles. 
What Chairman P
RICE’s proposal 
does, is say: Let’s give flexibility to different States so the Governors in those different States can look at what works best for them and their citizens. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, may I 
inquire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota has 5
1⁄4minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ), a member of 
the Budget Committee and the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. 
Mr. POCAN. I thank Mr. E
LLISON for 
all his work with the Progressive Cau-cus. 
Madam Chairman, I have got to tell 
you, I couldn’t disagree more with the good Governor of South Carolina on the budget. To call the Republican Tea Party-infused budget progressive is like calling Velveeta a type of Wis-consin cheese. It just doesn’t compare. 
The Republican budget means Ameri-
cans will work harder and earn less. It will be harder to buy a home, it will be harder to send your children to college, and harder to save for a secure retire-ment. It will do nothing to grow wages or help people get ahead. But it will do one thing for the people in the middle class. It will give you a $2,000 tax in-crease so that the wealthiest in this country can get a tax break. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.024 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1937 March 25, 2015 
The Progressive Caucus budget is ex-
actly the opposite. The people’s budget boosts economic opportunity for more Americans and gives hard-working Americans a raise. 
The Progressive Caucus Budget 
grows our economy and will create 8.4 million jobs by investing in the very things the economy needs most, things like infrastructure and teachers. It puts money into the pockets of work-ers so that you can get a raise and go out shopping or go to a movie and boost our economy and create jobs via that. 
The Progressive budget puts our next 
generation on a better track by mak-ing college more affordable—even debt free—and more accessible for more peo-ple. 
That is why I am supporting the peo-
ple’s budget, the Progressive Caucus budget, because it will grow your pay-check and create more jobs for hard- working Americans. I encourage my colleagues to join me in that support. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), former 
chairperson of the Progressive Caucus, the Black Caucus, and Appropriations Committee member. 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, and also thanks to you and Congressman G
RIJALVA for 
your tremendous leadership of the Pro-gressive Caucus and for crafting this people’s budget—which is a people’s budget. 
Today, millions of Americans are 
working hard and still struggling to 
make ends meet, and millions are working hard trying to find a job. Pay-checks are shrinking while corpora-tions reap record profits. 
Instead of developing a budget to cre-
ate jobs and help American families, the House Republican budget ‘‘bal-ances’’ the budget once again on the backs of the most vulnerable to protect giveaways to special interests and the wealthy few. 
The CPC’s people’s budget stands in 
stark contrast to the House Republican budget. This is a moral document. It reflects our values as a nation. It cre-ates more than 8 million good-paying jobs. It includes a plan to lift more than 22 million Americans out of pov-erty over the next 10 years. It restores funding for SNAP and opens edu-cational opportunity to all. 
It ends the Pentagon’s slush fund, 
known as the overseas contingency ac-count, that for far too long has padded the wallets of defense contractors at taxpayer expense. It also tackles waste, fraud, and abuse at the Pen-tagon by demanding audit readiness. 
Make no mistake: the people’s budget 
does what the House Republican budget does not. It works for American fami-lies, not special interests, defense con-tractors, or the 1 percent. 
I urge my colleagues to do what is 
best for all American families, and that is support this amendment. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chairman, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New Jersey 
(Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ), a freshman 
Member who is a very well-respected member of the Progressive Caucus. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam 
Chairman, I rise to urge support of the people’s budget—the budget put forth by the Congressional Progressive Cau-cus. This budget is responsive to work-ing people of this country who work hard every day and play by the rules in an attempt to accomplish the noble task of providing for their families in the midst of escalating costs and de-creasing wages. 
The people’s budget recognizes that 
corporate profits are at their highest level in 85 years, but workers’ wages are simultaneously at the lowest level in 65 years. 
b1400 
The Progressive budget was built 
with the working people of America in mind. It is designed to allow working families to keep more of the money that they earn; access higher wages; and live healthy, productive lives by increasing access to health care and lowering taxes. 
It recognizes it is not enough to fight 
against efforts to take from the middle class to give tax breaks to the rich. We must also fight for tax breaks for the middle class, expand family tax cred-its, fight for the cost-of-living in-creases for the retired, provide uni-versal pre-K for children, and help stu-dents finance their student loans. 
The people’s budget makes real work-
ing people of this Nation its priority, and I would urge my colleagues to sup-port this, the people’s budget. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, thank 
you for allowing us the time to talk about the people’s budget. This is the budget that puts 8.4 million people back to work. 
Early in this debate, my colleague on 
the other side of the aisle, Mr. P
RICE, 
pulled up a chart, and he did a com-parison between our budget and the Re-publican budget, but there was one cat-egory that I did not see on that chart, and that is: How many jobs do you cre-ate? How many jobs do you create? 
This is the right number that we 
should be comparing budgets on, and I would say, for Americans all over this country looking for work, wanting to make a valuable contribution to them-selves and their family, this is the right budget because this is the jobs budget, this is the good work budget, and this is the people’s budget. 
I would also like to give a big thanks 
to over 150,000 people who signed a peti-tion in favor of the people’s budget. Citizen activists know what is good for their government. They want the peo-ple’s budget. The Economic Policy In-stitute, trained economists who have strict numbers and modeling, have come up to help us out, so the people’s budget. 
We urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 
my friend forgets the 8.4 million jobs that will be destroyed in the produc-tive sector as government transfers those 8.4 million, through taxes, to the public sector. 
I think the reason these times are so 
impassioned is because we have arrived at a moment when two very different visions of society are competing for our Nation’s future, and they are very much reflected in the budgets put for-ward by the two parties in this House. 
America’s prosperity and greatness 
spring from uniquely American prin-ciples of individual freedom, personal responsibility, and constitutionally limited government. 
America’s Founders created a vol-
untary society where people are free to make their own decisions, enjoy the fruit of their own labors, take responsi-bility for their own decisions, and lead their own lives with a minimum of gov-ernment interference and intrusion. 
When someone needs our help, we 
freely give that help, but we ask in re-turn that they make the effort to sup-port themselves to the extent they can. Our government views no one person or group as more or less worthy than any other. 
We are Americans. We will be judged 
on our own merits, and we will make our own choices, including what kind of car we will drive or how we will raise our children or what kind of lightbulbs we prefer or what we will have for din-ner. 
Today, a very different vision com-
petes with our future, that of a com-pulsory society, where our individual rights are subordinated to the man-dates of government bureaucrats, where innocent taxpayers are forced to bail out the bad decisions of others, and where consumers are compelled to purchase products or underwrite the losses of politically favored companies. 
Under this vision, the purpose of gov-
ernment is not to protect individual freedom, but it is to improve society however those in power decide that it should be improved, to take from those it declares are undeserving to give to those that it declares are deserving— or, to put it more succinctly, to take from each according to his abilities and to give to each according to his needs. That is what this is all about. 
Not more than 100 steps from where 
we debate right now, Thomas Jefferson reviewed the bountiful resources of the Nation and asked: 
With all these blessings, what more is nec-
essary to make us a happy and prosperous people? Still one thing more, fellow citizens, a wise and frugal government which shall re-strain men from injuring one another, shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread that it has earned. This is the sum of good government. 
This is A Balanced Budget for a 
Stronger America put forward by the House Budget Committee, and let us be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.025 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1938 March 25, 2015 
clear, the various Democratic plans, in-
cluding the one before us now, fun-damentally reject these American prin-ciples and replace them with values that are alien and antithetical to those that built our Nation. 
This is the question that our genera-
tion must decide in all of its forms, in-cluding the question put to us today by this substitute amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong support of the Amendment in the Na-ture of a Substitute (ANS) offered by the Con-gressional Progressive Caucus to H. Con. Res. 27, the House Republicans’ ‘‘Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ 
I support the CPC’s ANS, ‘‘The People’s 
Budget’’ because it fixes an economy that, for too long, has failed to provide the opportuni-ties American families need to get ahead. 
Mr. Chair, if we reject the House Repub-
licans’ ‘‘Price Is Not Right’’ Budget with its dis-
credited and unworkable economic gimmicks and unrealistic projections and adopt the CPC’s People’s Budget, here is what we can expect: 1. 8.4 million good paying jobs by 2018; 2. $1.9 trillion investment in America’s future; and 3. $820 billion investment in infra-structure and transportation improvements. 
The People’s Budget will usher in a new era 
of broad-based and shared prosperity by: 1. repealing the draconian sequester and all Budget Control Act spending caps; 2. increas-ing discretionary funding to invest in working families; 3. reversing harmful cuts to social safety net; and 4. investing in veterans, women, and working families. 
Under the People’s Budget, millions of work-
ing families will see an increase in their pur-chasing power because the budget: 1. creates more than 8 million good jobs by 2018; 2. in-cludes a four percent raise for federal workers; 3. provides for paid leave and child care; 4. supports an increase in the minimum wage in-crease and collective bargaining; and 5. fully funds programs to make housing affordable and accessible for all Americans. 
Mr. Chair, Americans cannot reach their full 
potential if they lack educational opportunities, health security, or are saddled with crushing educational debts. 
That is why the CPC’s People’s Budget in-
vests in K–12 and provides free pre-school, and provides debt-free college to every stu-dent and refinancing of student loans on terms favorable to students trying to get ahead, not banks. 
The CPC’s People’s Budget repeals the ex-
cise tax on high-priced workers plans, re-moves the prohibition barring CMS to nego-tiate lower prescription drug prices for Medi-care recipients, and reauthorizes the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. 
Mr. Chair, because the People’s Budget is 
for all persons in our country, it adopts com-prehensive immigration reform and welcomes the substantial economic benefits it will gen-erate. 
Everyone knows that our current outdated 
immigration laws have failed workers, families, businesses and increasingly, our nation’s im-migrants. 
Employers are unable to hire the workers 
they need. Immigrant workers are exploited. 
Families trying to reunite legally are sepa-
rated for many years, and millions of individ-uals are forced to live in the shadows. The People’s Budget helps immigrants inte-
grate into American society and participate in the economy by becoming entrepreneurs, small business owners, innovators and future job creators. 
With comprehensive immigration reform, the 
federal budget deficit will be reduced by $197 billion over the next decade and $700 billion over the next 20 years according to a report by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Of-fice. 
Mr. Chair, I could go on at length explaining 
why the CPC’s People’s Budget is superior to the House Republican’s ‘‘Worker Harder, Get Less’’ budget. 
But let me conclude by noting that in evalu-
ating the merits of a budget resolution, it is not enough to subject it only to the test of fiscal responsibility. 
To keep faith with the nation’s past, to be 
fair to the nation’s present, and to safeguard the nation’s future, the budget must also pass a ‘‘moral test.’’ 
The Republican budget resolution fails both 
of these standards; the CPC’s People’s Budg-et does not. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in rejecting the House Republicans’ budget and voting for a better alternative, the CPC’s People’s Budget. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . BUTTERFIELD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to offer an alternative budget on behalf of the Congressional Black Cau-cus. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—The Congress deter-
mines and declares that this concurrent res-olution establishes the budget for fiscal year 2016 and sets forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .— 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 2. Recommended levels and amounts. Sec. 3. Major functional categories. Sec. 4. Direct spending. 
SEC. 2. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: (A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,885,946,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,001,837,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,122,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,262,675,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,412,112,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,570,317,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,739,136,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,923,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,117,015,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,321,625,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $209,444,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $226,261,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $253,208,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $280,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $305,165,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $323,097,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $346,345,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $369,052,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $393,236,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $415,719,000,000. 
(2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,491,530,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,462,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,553,354,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,698,090,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,869,284,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $4,023,836,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,186,946,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,377,127,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,568,349,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,742,339,000,000. 
(3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,257,091,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,452,451,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,568,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,707,443,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,848,991,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,990,253,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,163,913,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,336,870,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,513,283,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,700,933,000,000. 
(4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: -$371,145,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$450,614,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$445,413,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$444,768,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$436,879,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$419,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$424,777,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: -$413,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: -$396,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: -$379,308,000,000. 
(5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,024,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,703,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $20,395,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $21,078,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $21,753,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $22,413,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $23,061,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $23,719,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $24,385,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $25,022,000,000,000. 
(6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,807,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,338,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,876,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $15,438,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $16,016,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $16,605,000,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.026 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1939 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2022: $17,232,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: $17,886,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $18,566,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $19,278,000,000,000. 
SEC. 3. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the appropriate levels of new budget author-ity and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $570,380,000,000. (B) Outlays, $582,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,126,000,000. (B) Outlays, $573,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $593,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $575,837,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $601,639,000,000. (B) Outlays, $588,174,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $607,930,000,000. (B) Outlays, $597,134 ,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $620,245,000,000. (B) Outlays, $606,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $632,525,000,000. (B) Outlays, $622,398,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $645,784,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $659,080,000,000. (B) Outlays, $638,461,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $672,415,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,940,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $56,611,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,973,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $49,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,951,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $51,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,224,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $51,779,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,273,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $52,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,558,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $53,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,887,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $54,555,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,578,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $55,647,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,330,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $56,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,251,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $57,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $54,149,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $39,059,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,705,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $33,672,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $33,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,768,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $33,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,517000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $33,948,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,822,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $34,606,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,040,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $35,279,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,618,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $35,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $36,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,952,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $37,372,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,650,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $9,210,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,041,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $6,587,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,554,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $6,559,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,074,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $6,491,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,427,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $6,512,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $6,614,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,920,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $6,714,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,074,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,846,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,280,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,966,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $7,102,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,635,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $46,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $45,024,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,590,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $43,212,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,685,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,574,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $43,638,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,001,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $43,839,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,057,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $43,963,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,257,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $44,633,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,866,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $45,398,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,915,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $46,321,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,727,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $23,384,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,078,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $26,162,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,089,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $25,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,533,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,879,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,060,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $22,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $22,723,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,260,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $22,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,046,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $23,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,650,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $23,243,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,660,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $23,503,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,975,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $15,582,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $13,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$730.000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $14,606,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,487,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $14,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$5,176,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,383,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,656,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $13,902,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$406,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $14,460,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$2,066,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $14,422,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $14,755,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$4,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $15,425,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$4,736,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $245,892,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,661,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $176,674,000,000. (B) Outlays, $146,865,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: 
(A) New budget authority, $131,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, $156,511,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $123,250,000,000. (B) Outlays, $155,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $122,563,000,000. (B) Outlays, $141,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $124,274,000,000. (B) Outlays, $124,077,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $105,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $117,792,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $107,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $116,434,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $109,091,000,000. (B) Outlays, $116,058,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $111,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, $116,517,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $48,976,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.004 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1940 March 25, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $38,311,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $28,102,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,794,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $18,642,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,629,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $14,820,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,036,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $14,754,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,819,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $14,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,835,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $14,687,000,000. (B) Outlays, $17,049,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $14,708,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,556,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $14,790,000,000. (B) Outlays, $14,642,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $14,922,000,000. (B) Outlays, $14,712,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $167,660,000,000. (B) Outlays, $116,847,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $166,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $170,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $147,556,000,000. (B) Outlays, $161,185,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $144,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $148,166,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $149,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, $146,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $147,897,000,000. (B) Outlays, $149,495,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $152,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $149,868,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $156,609,000,000. (B) Outlays, $153,664,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $158,238,000,000. (B) Outlays, $157,731,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $159,178,000,000. (B) Outlays, $160,116,000,000. (11) Health (550): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $523,793,000,000. (B) Outlays, $534,537,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $567,859,000,000. (B) Outlays, $571,527,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $592,821,000,000. (B) Outlays, $594,697,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $618,482,000,000. (B) Outlays, $619,697,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $650,054,000,000. (B) Outlays, $640,838,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $669,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $669,578,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $703,692,000,000. (B) Outlays, $702,828,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $736,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $736,533,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $772,527,000,000. (B) Outlays, $772,045,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $808,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $808,818,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $597,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $578,208,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,723,000,000. (B) Outlays, $582,652,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $592,008,000,000. (B) Outlays, $591,924,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $659,492,000,000. (B) Outlays, $659,296,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $705,139,000,000. (B) Outlays, $704,988,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $755,603,000,000. (B) Outlays, $755,441,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $853,270,000,000. (B) Outlays, $852,997,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $876,724,000,000. (B) Outlays, $875,621,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $891,991,000,000. (B) Outlays, $890,628,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $989,930,000,000. (B) Outlays, $994,440,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $552,562,000,000. (B) Outlays, $542,072,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $562,214,000,000. (B) Outlays, $553,285,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $565,415,000,000. (B) Outlays, $554,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $578,484,000,000. (B) Outlays, $574,423,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $591,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,272,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $605,932,000,000. (B) Outlays, $599,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $626,224,000,000. (B) Outlays, $625,034,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $637,171,000,000. (B) Outlays, $631,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $648,928,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $636,719,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $671,986,000,000. (B) Outlays, $664,262,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $33,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,563,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $57,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $178,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, $177,617,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $177,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $179,863,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $173,734,000,000. (B) Outlays, $173,836,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $182,946,000,000. (B) Outlays, $183,353,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $187,113,000,000. (B) Outlays, $186,926,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $190,682,000,000. (B) Outlays, $190,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $202,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, $201,895,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $198,729,000,000. (B) Outlays, $197,995,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $195,068,000,000. (B) Outlays, $194,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $208,439,000,000. (B) Outlays, $207,621,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $62,250,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,064,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $64,731,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $62,804,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,595,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $62,227,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,039,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $62,656,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,043,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $63,787,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,359,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $65,489,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,777,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $66,525,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,622,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $67,581,000,000. (B) Outlays, $67,525,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $72,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $72,319,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $30,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,743,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $30,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,122,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $31,244,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,463,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $31,966,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,318,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $32,683,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,130,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $33,267,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.004 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1941 March 25, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $32,679,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $33,835,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,245,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $34,396,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,795,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $34,729,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,155,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $35,308,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,666,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $368,027,000,000. (B) Outlays, $368,027,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $421,270,000,000. (B) Outlays, $421,270,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $495,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, $495,009,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $560,645,000,000. (B) Outlays, $560,645,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $620,300,000,000. (B) Outlays, $620,300,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $666,257,000,000. (B) Outlays, $666,257,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $712,670,000,000. (B) Outlays, $712,670,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $756,488,000,000. (B) Outlays, $756,488,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $794,483,000,000. (B) Outlays, $794,483,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $824,027,000,000. (B) Outlays, $824,027,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, -$36,770,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$36,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$20,241,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$9,339,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $29,161,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,429,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$6,425,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$5,314,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$10,498,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$7,449,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: 
(A) New budget authority, -$165,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$1,458,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$52,229,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$52,706,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $5,072,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,647,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $78,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,180,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $25,333,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,313,000,000. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, -$78,016,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$78,016,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$88,445,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$88,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$93,810,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,810,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,497,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,497,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
(A) New budget authority, -$89,327,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$89,327,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$92,987,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,987,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$95,188,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$95,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$97,408,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$97,408,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$102,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$102,090,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$105,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$105,007,000,000. (21) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $57,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $18,085,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $7,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $3,675,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $1,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $644,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $202,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $69,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $47,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $40,000,000. 
SEC. 4. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(3) This concurrent resolution retains the 
social safety net that has lifted millions of Americans out of poverty and protects both the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Pro-gram and Medicaid from draconian spending cuts. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-test direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: 
(A) For Medicare, this budget rejects pro-
posals to end the Medicare guarantee and shift rising health care costs onto seniors by replacing Medicare with vouchers or pre-mium support for the purchase of private in-surance. Such proposals will expose seniors and persons with disabilities on fixed in-comes to unacceptable financial risks, and 
they will weaken the traditional Medicare program. Instead, this budget builds on the success of the Affordable Care Act, which made significant strides in health-care cost containment and put into place a framework for continuous innovation. This budget sup-ports comprehensive reforms to give physi-cians and other care providers incentives to provide high-quality, coordinated, efficient care, in a manner consistent with the goals of fiscal sustainability. It makes no changes that reduce benefits available to seniors and individuals with disabilities in Medicare. 
(B) Any savings derived from changes or 
reforms to Medicare and Social Security should be used to extend the solvency of these vital programs and not be used to off-set the cost of cutting taxes. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) and a Member opposed 
each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Chairman, 
the Congressional Black Caucus has a long history of submitting fiscally sound and morally responsible budget alternatives that emphasize our com-mitment to eradicating poverty in America. 
The budget, which is endorsed by 
groups such as the National Education Association, SEIU, AFSCME, Planned Parenthood, and PolicyLink, focuses on a fairer Tax Code, ending the se-questration battle, creating jobs, and eliminating poverty and reducing the deficit. 
Mr. Chairman, the CBC budget is a 
plan that will work to protect and en-hance the social safety net that con-tinues to save millions from the rav-ages of poverty. Our goal is to increase economic opportunities for all Ameri-cans through significant and sustained investments in education and infra-structure, affordable housing, domestic manufacturing, small businesses, and job training. 
We propose, Mr. Chairman, signifi-
cant investments to further accelerate our economic recovery and ensure no community in America is left behind. Additionally, no other budget on Cap-itol Hill prioritizes the plight of voting rights enforcement into the Federal fiscal map or contemplates $3 billion saved over 10 years by limiting manda-tory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenders. 
Once again, the House Republican 
budget relies on partisan rhetoric and gimmicks instead of making the tough choices needed to invest in our Nation, grow our economy, and provide eco-nomic opportunities for hard-working Americans. 
House Republicans’ unrealistic and 
unworkable budget continues the se-quester for domestic spending this year and cuts that spending drastically in future years, disinvesting in our Na-tion and asking the most vulnerable Americans to carry the burden of def-icit reduction. 
We cannot allow their budget to 
move forward on the backs of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.004 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1942 March 25, 2015 
American people. I request my col-
leagues to support the Congressional Black Caucus alternative budget, as it is a budget that reflects the priorities of our nation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), who really did the 
heavy lifting, along with Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEEand Congress-
woman G WEN MOORE , in crafting our 
budget. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) 
be allowed to manage the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chair, I want to commend our friends in the CBC for coming forward with a budget. It is not an easy thing to do, having worked these last 10 or 11 weeks to try to fashion a budget that could be dealt with on the floor of the House. 
I also want to just point out that this 
is one of the few opportunities that we have, as Congress, to look at a com-parison of apples to apples, of similar work products with each other. 
There are three budgets that will be 
offered by our friends on the other side. We have talked just now about the Pro-gressive Caucus. In the middle is the CBC budget, the one that we are dis-cussing right now. 
I just want to highlight the dif-
ferences between this budget, from a numerical standpoint, with the budget that has been offered by the Repub-lican majority, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
In the area of taxes, what does the 
CBC budget do? Increases taxes by over $3.2 trillion over the next 10 years. Spending? Increases spending by over $7 trillion over the next 10 years, com-pared to the Republican budgets. Defi-cits? Increases deficits by over $4 tril-lion over the next 10 years. Debt? Same, $4 trillion added to the debt. 
What do they spend on the defense of 
our Nation at these perilous times? De-creased spending on defense by $314 bil-lion. 
The big question is: When does their 
budget ever get to balance? Because a balanced budget is what we need to get this economy rolling again. When does it ever get to balance? The answer is never. 
It is a worthy endeavor that our 
friends in the CBC have undertaken; however, it is not right for the country and certainly doesn’t stand up to the scrutiny of A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield my remaining 
time to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ), and I ask unani-
mous consent that she be allowed to control the time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of the Congressional Black Caucus budget, which is a more credible and responsible alternative than the under-lying Republican budget. 
A nation’s budget reflects its prior-
ities, but the Republican budget con-tinues to highlight the wrong prior-ities. The underlying Republican budg-et is not a serious plan. It contains trillions of dollars in tax cuts, but claims to be revenue neutral, without showing a dime’s worth of tax in-creases that will be necessary to make it revenue neutral. 
It includes trillions of dollars in un-
specified cuts, and many of the speci-fied cuts will not be made. For exam-ple, are we really going to repeal Medi-care as we know it? 
If you actually believe that the Re-
publican majority will carry out their plan, it would actually devastate our economy by balancing the budget on the backs of students, workers, seniors, the disabled, and vulnerable commu-nities across the Nation. 
The Republican budget assumes that 
sequestration cuts will be enacted and then adds an additional $759 billion in nondefense discretionary spending cuts. That is the part of the budget that invests in education, workforce training, scientific research, transpor-tation, and infrastructure. 
In stark contrast to the Republican 
budget, the Congressional Black Cau-cus budget actually puts real numbers on the page. We show our arithmetic. The CBC budget proposes $2.7 trillion in additional revenue over the next decade, but our budget lays out $5.6 trillion in specific revenue options and loophole closings that Congress could adopt to achieve that goal. 
With this additional revenue, we 
eliminate sequestration; we propose a $500 billion jobs package that will put millions of people back to work, and we include more than $300 billion above the President’s budget for significant and sustained investments in programs that have been instrumental in lifting millions of Americans out of poverty. 
Our budget also calls for a raise in 
the minimum wage, adds a public op-tion to the health insurance market-place, and calls for the passage of com-prehensive immigration reform. Fac-toring in the paid-for elimination of se-questration, our revenue enhance-ments, CBO’s analysis of the deficit re-duction impacts of both enacting a public option and comprehensive immi-gration reform, our budget credibly re-duces the 10-year deficit by $1.9 trillion when compared to CBO’s March base-line. 
Mr. Chairman, our budget is a cred-
ible alternative to the vague and unre-alistic plan offered by our Republican colleagues, and I urge my colleagues to 
support the CBC budget. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, today, I 
rise in opposition to this substitute amendment. 
Every day, I hear from my constitu-
ents in Tennessee who are still strug-gling to find work and make ends meet. This is the result of the slowest eco-nomic recovery in American history, and, in parts of my district, commu-nities are still plagued by double-digit unemployment rates; yet this amend-ment would raise taxes on Americans by $3.2 trillion. This would be on top of the $1.6 trillion in new taxes already imposed under President Obama. 
Raising taxes on small business is ex-
actly the opposite of what is needed to reduce unemployment, get Americans 
back to work, and grow our economy. 
Even with this $3.2 trillion tax in-
crease, which would be the largest in American history, this budget would never balance. In fact, compared to A Balanced Budget for a Stronger Amer-ica, this substitute amendment would add $4 trillion to our debt over the next 10 years. 
b1415 
This is because this amendment 
would increase spending by $7 trillion, compared to the House Republican budget. In fact, it increases spending for every category in the budget except for our national defense. This budget would take $1 trillion of its proposed tax hikes and use all of this money to break the Budget Control Act spending caps for nondefense spending only. This is unacceptable. 
At a time when we are faced with 
Russian aggression in the Ukraine, the threat of ISIS in the Middle East, and an increasingly unpredictable security environment, we need to adequately fund our servicemen and -women. That is why the House Republican budget would comply with the current spend-ing caps in the law but still adds $387 billion in defense spending over a 10- year window, all while balancing the budget without any tax increases. 
Long before I served on the Budget 
Committee, I got a crash course on budgeting 101 as a single working mother. And in those years, I raised three children on a nurse’s salary, teaching me how to live within my means and stretch my dollars. 
Mr. Chair, I have had to work to 
make ends meet, so I know how impor-tant our social safety net is for those in need. I want to see this safety net strengthened and preserved for future generations. 
However, this budget falls into the 
trap of measuring how much we care by how much we spend. Federal pro-grams and initiatives should be evalu-ated based on their outcomes, by how many people we help get out of pov-erty, help to get back to work, and help to get the training and the edu-cation they need. 
One example is our Federal job train-
ing program. In 2011, the Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.028 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1943 March 25, 2015 
Accountability Office, the GAO, issued 
a report that found 47 overlapping Fed-eral job training programs, costing $18 billion in 2009 alone. The report showed that this duplication was not serving workers that needed training and was not responsibly using Federal dollars. If we want to help workers who need training, there is a clear need to re-form these programs to improve out-comes. 
That is why last year, this House 
passed the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. By the way, it was bi-partisan legislation which was signed into law and made important reforms to Federal job training programs, bet-ter helping workers looking for a job while responsibly using taxpayer dol-lars. This substitute budget would take a step back from these reforms and simply spend an additional $13 billion on these programs without any reform. Unfortunately, this is just one example of this substitute amendment doubling down on failed policies of the past. 
Additionally, it would create a $1 bil-
lion slush fund for a national stimulus program. Just like the previously failed stimulus program, this would do nothing to create new jobs and simply adds another $100 billion to our debt, which our children and our grand-children will have to pay. 
It would also reverse bipartisan re-
forms made to the Supplemental Nutri-tion Assistance Program, commonly called SNAP, and increase spending. If we want to protect those who are most in need, we need to find ways to reform the SNAP program. 
The substitute amendment would go 
further than even ObamaCare has, call-ing for the creation of a public health insurance option, a backdoor way to nationalizing our health care system. This idea is so radical that when Demo-crats controlled both Chambers of Con-gress and the White House, it was not adopted. Health care should be patient- centered, allowing Americans to make decisions with their doctors and their families, not with the Federal Govern-ment. 
Instead of doubling down on 
ObamaCare, House Republicans want to see greater choice, more afford-ability, increased quality, and innova-tion in health care, which is why our budget proposes a market-based, pa-tient-centered reform. 
We also will provide structural re-
forms to Medicare and Medicaid, which provide care to our Nation’s seniors and those in need. The House Repub-lican budget would make no changes for those who are near or currently in retirement, and provides States the flexibility to administer their Medicaid programs to meet the needs of the peo-ple in their own State. 
Doing nothing to reform this 
unsustainable path that Medicare and Medicaid are on, as this substitute amendment does, ensures that we will go bankrupt. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I 
yield myself 30 seconds before yielding to another speaker. 
The case has been made that this 
budget raises taxes. Sure, it does. But the Republican budget also raises taxes. 
They have cut the AMT. They have 
reduced the marginal rate. There are other tax extenders. And they say it is revenue-neutral. The only way you can make it revenue-neutral, Mr. Chair, is to raise taxes—trillions of dollars to make it revenue-neutral. They don’t show a dime of taxes. The difference between that budget and ours is, we list specific options that could be used. 
They also would repeal the Afford-
able Care Act, but they keep all the taxes that paid for it. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman from 
Virginia for yielding, and I also thank him for his tremendous leadership in continuing to craft the Congressional Black Caucus’ budget and also for his work as ranking member on the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of this amendment and of the Con-gressional Black Caucus’ alternative budget. I want to, once again, com-mend Congressman B
OBBY SCOTT for 
leading us to this point and for putting together a budget which really is a budget that reflects our values as a Na-tion. 
As a member of the Budget and Ap-
propriations Committees and as chair of our Task Force on Poverty, Income Inequality, and Opportunity, I know that our national budget is a moral document and a statement of our na-tional priorities. The budget that my Republican colleagues have put for-ward does nothing for families strug-gling to find a job or those living in poverty. Instead, it includes draconian cuts to programs which, over the last 50 years, cut poverty by one-third, thanks to the War on Poverty. 
The Republican plan cuts the safety 
net while 45 million people still are liv-ing in poverty. 
Mr. Chairman, poverty in the African 
American community is 27.2 percent. In the Latino community, it is 23.5 per-cent. 
Our budget addresses this problem 
with the Half in Ten plan. By coordi-nating Federal programs and agencies under a national strategy, we will cut poverty by 50 percent in one decade. That is 22 million people lifted out of poverty in the next 10 years. 
This budget outlines a clear package 
for eradicating poverty rather than foolishly turning vital programs into block grants. 
We expand food assistance for our 
children and seniors. We extend unem-ployment compensation for those still looking for work following the recent recession. We give America a raise and, thereby, boost our economy, because 
no one should be working and living in poverty. 
With regard to the Pentagon, we re-
quire that we audit the Pentagon and encourage DOD to implement remain-ing GAO recommendations that would likely lead to tens of billions in cost savings by bringing a culture of finan-cial accountability to the Pentagon. 
As in the previous budgets, the CBC 
invests savings from cuts in the bal-listic missile defense program to be used by the Defense Department to im-plement the remaining GAO rec-ommendations. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield the gentlelady an addi-tional 30 seconds. 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentleman from 
Virginia. 
Also, let me just say, our budget em-
ploys the 10–20–30 formula championed by our leader, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ). 
By directing at least 10 percent of 
Federal spending into areas with pov-erty rates of more than 20 percent over the last 30 years, we will make progress toward ending entrenched and genera-tional poverty that hurts families and communities. 
A vote for the CBC budget really is a 
vote with the conscience of the Con-gress. It is a message to the American people that you stand with those who are working hard to find a job or work-ing hard at a job with low wages. It is a message to the country that bal-ancing the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable to keep giveaways to the superwealthy is unacceptable, and that is not the American way. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, the best 
way to lift someone out of poverty is to give them an opportunity to have a job, and that is what A Balanced Budg-et for a Stronger America does. It does cut taxes, allowing for more job oppor-tunities and an increase in wages for the workers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair, 
could you advise us of the time remain-ing on both sides. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 7
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 6
3⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-lady from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I would like 
to engage the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. P
RICE) in a colloquy. 
I was wondering if it were possible 
for the gentleman to yield the Congres-sional Black Caucus maybe 4 to 6 min-utes of his time. We have many speak-ers, and we have worked very hard on this budget. You know, the majority gets its way, but the minority ought to get its say. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Will the 
gentlewoman yield? 
Ms. MOORE. I yield to the gen-
tleman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.030 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1944 March 25, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I appre-
ciate the gentlelady yielding. 
The gentlelady from Tennessee (Mrs. 
BLACK ) controls our time, and we do 
have another speaker or two. But as soon as your time expires and if we have time remaining, then we will be happy to yield some time to the CBC. 
Ms. MOORE. Thank you so much for 
that courtesy. 
Mr. Chair, it is really my privilege to 
discuss the social safety net programs that are at the heart of the Congres-sional Black Caucus budget. 
The CBC acknowledges the efforts on 
the part of the majority to address debt and deficits, but we cannot do it on the backs of the poor. 
Much has been made of jobs being the 
answer. We agree with that, but there are the disabled, elderly, and children who comprise the poor who cannot and do not work. 
The Republican budget proposes $759 
billion in cuts to the nondefense discre-tionary budget below the already dam-aging sequester levels. That is in addi-tion to the more than $4 trillion in cuts to mandatory spending, a lifeline to benefits like food stamps, Medicaid, and Medicare. 
The CBC budget offers Americans a 
choice. In stark contrast to the Repub-lican budget, we invest in low-income families and students and provide secu-rity so that our impoverished, our in-firm, and our elderly and children are treated with dignity and respect. It protects the social safety net. 
It rejects the block granting of Med-
icaid and food stamps and voucherizing Medicare. It restores the TANF emer-gency contingency fund, rather than the $34 billion OCO slush fund. We do $2.5 billion rather than $34 billion for a slush fund. 
It also restores our emergency unem-
ployment insurance for all Americans. Millions of Americans have exhausted these benefits. And it invests in so many other vital programs, such as WIC, LIHEAP, public housing, home-less assistance, Section 8 and rural housing programs, Social Services Block Grant, Child Care and Develop-ment Block Grant. 
I want to thank the chair and my 
CBC colleagues for working with me on this very worthy budget. Please vote ‘‘yes’’ on this alternative budget. 
Mrs. BLACK. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. R
ICH-
MOND ). 
Mr. RICHMOND. I thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) for 
diligently preparing this budget. 
Mr. Chair, I rise today to encourage 
my colleagues to vote for the CBC budget. Mr. Chair, the budget that we adopt will speak to our values as a Congress and our values as a country. 
I am sad to say, Mr. Chair, that the 
Republican budget says that we are a country without values and lacking a conscience. The Republican budget makes severe cuts to Medicare, Med-
icaid, education, job training, and transportation so that it can fund tax cuts to the wealthy. 
I want to be crystal clear. The Re-
publican budget is a financial hocus pocus that will not put us on a path to financial stability. 
b1430 
However, Mr. Chairman, it is a cer-
tain path to a dire moral bankruptcy that is counter to the soul of our great country. 
Now, Mr. Chairman, on the other 
hand, the CBC budget is a financially superior budget that invests in what makes this country exceptional. The CBC budget eradicates poverty by in-creasing economic opportunities through significant and sustained in-vestments in education, infrastructure, affordable housing, manufacturing, small business, and job training. 
Mr. Chairman, my colleagues on the 
other side talk about the ability to lift people out of poverty. We have the ability today to lift 14 million people out of poverty simply by raising the minimum wage. If we create more min-imum wage jobs, we are only increas-ing the number of people who will still live in poverty. 
Mr. Chairman, the Republican budget 
rewards those who make political con-tributions, and the CBC budget rewards those who contribute to society and the greater good. 
In closing, the CBC budget recognizes 
that working families in this country are getting shortchanged, so our budg-et tries to level the playing field and give more opportunities to those work-ing families so that they can enjoy the economic prosperity that the investor class has enjoyed since our efforts to come out of the Great Recession. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ), my fellow 
colleague of the Budget Committee and also fellow Tennessean. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Ms. M
OORE . She is still 
on the floor and serves on the Budget Committee with us. She is such a good, productive, and contributory member of that committee. I appreciate the perspective that she brings, and I know that she has worked diligently on the budget that the CBC is bringing before us today. 
I do not support that budget. I sup-
port the committee print that we have. Mr. Chairman, here is exactly why. 
We all know Washington does not 
have a revenue problem; it has a spend-ing problem. Last year, more revenues came into our Federal coffers than ever. It is always important, as we talk about the budget, to put in perspective where this money comes from. It comes from hard-working taxpayers, and the government has not one single penny to spend until a taxpayer sends that money in. 
Now, the budget that we have 
brought out of committee does some-thing quite significant. Number one, it 
will reduce Federal spending $5.5 tril-lion over the next 10 years. That is an important thing to do, and here is why. 
We are continuing to borrow some-
where around 30 cents for every dollar that we are spending. It is bouncing right now, I think, between 28 and 30 cents for every dollar. That is too much. It gets to be a fairness issue for future generations. 
We have got $18 trillion worth of 
debt, and $9 trillion worth of that debt has come on our books in the past 6 years. That is not fair to future genera-tions. It is not fair to our Nation’s se-curity. 
Getting the debt under control is im-
portant. That is why a budget that saves $5.5 trillion and comes to bal-ance—comes to balance—for our an-nual outlays in 9 years is significantly important. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
the gentlewoman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank the gen-
tlewoman for the time. 
You see, when we talk about what 
will be accomplished by our budget and we talk about fairness, it is imperative that the spending be brought under control. What we are bringing forward is a way for us to bring that into bal-ance and to begin to get the agencies, even reducing the Federal workforce by 10 percent, making certain that we are rightsizing that workforce. Those are steps that should be taken. They are steps that we ought to be taking, and it is something that we all should sup-port. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I, 
too, want to offer my appreciation to Ranking Member S
COTT both for his 
service on the Education Committee as a ranking member, but also for his con-tinuing efforts and work on a very, very positive step, great step, toward changing America. 
There is a premise in the Republican 
budget, two premises or underlying thoughts that I vigorously disagree with. As I stand in explaining or sup-porting the Congressional Black Cau-cus budget, let me also say that I rise in support of the Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus budget—and I will pro-vide a statement into the Record—for its efforts in improving America. 
But the premise of the budget of our 
friends on the other side of the aisle is that if you are poor, if you are in need of help, then it is either your fault or 
you are taking advantage of the gov-ernment’s charity and largess. 
Walk a mile in the district that I rep-
resent—and many districts across America—and you will find parents who get up at 4 and 6 in the morning to jobs that are less than the minimum wage in some instances, or are the min-imum wage, working very hard to sup-port their families. Those individuals deserve an equal opportunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.031 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1945 March 25, 2015 
I am grateful that this budget, the 
Congressional Black Caucus budget, talks about a comprehensive jobs pro-gram totaling some $500 billion—a mere $500 billion—over 3 years. 
We understand that people want to 
work. This involves a national direct job creation program, a program to as-sist local government in hiring and re-taining teachers and law enforcement, investing to rebuild our Nation’s crum-bling infrastructure, rebuilding neigh-borhoods, and, as well, understanding that you can’t work harder and get less. 
Mr. Chairman, one of the issues that 
I am very supportive of in this budget, one that others would not think of, is ending the Cradle to Prison Pipeline. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield the gentlewoman an addi-tional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, in fact, the Congres-
sional Budget Office has estimated that limiting the imposition of mandatory minimum sentences on nonviolent drug offenders would have an overall net savings of $3 billion over 10 years. This is a budget that goes to the heart of the concerns of Americans who may not have the right start in life but de-serve an opportunity. 
I want to be able to support a budget 
that, in essence, reduces the deficit and takes away sequestration, not piles taxes on persons who cannot afford them and creates very little jobs and undermines the social network that is necessary for those of us who believe we are, in fact, our brothers’ and sis-ters’ keeper. 
I ask you to support the Congres-
sional Black Caucus budget. It is smart, it is strong, and it leads Amer-ica forward. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the 
Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute (ANS) offered by the Congressional Black Caucus to H. Con. Res. 27, the House Repub-licans’ ‘‘Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ 
I support the CBC Budget for four principal 
reasons: 1. It ends the threat of sequestration; 2. It will accelerate our economic recovery; 3. It will help eradicate poverty in America; and 4. It will reduce the deficit by approximately $1.9 trillion over 10 years. 
Mr. Chair, if we reject the House Repub-
licans’ ‘‘Price Is Not Right’’ and ‘‘Work Harder to Get Less’’ Budget with its discredited eco-nomic gimmicks and unrealistic projections and adopt the CBC Budget, we will get in-stead a comprehensive jobs program totaling $500 billion over three years. 
The jobs created will accelerate our eco-
nomic recovery and ensure that it reaches every community in America, while also mak-ing the necessary investments to ensure America’s longterm economic competitiveness. 
Specifically, the CBC Budget will create jobs 
by providing: 1. $100 billion to fund a National Direct Job Creation Program; 2. $50 billion for school Modernization; 3. $50 billion to assist local government hire and retain teachers, law enforcement and first responder Jobs; 4. $230 
billion in immediate investment to rebuild our nation’s crumbling infrastructure; 5. $50 billion to rebuilding neighborhoods and communities not fully recovered from the Great Recession of 2008; 6. $13 billion for job training pro-grams; and 7. $7 billion for summer jobs so young persons can save money to attend col-lege and plan for their futures. 
Mr. Chair, when it comes to addressing the 
poverty that is still too prevalent in our coun-try, the CBC Budget is clearly superior to the Republican’s ‘‘Work Harder, Get Less’’ Budg-et. 
The CBC Budget provides for $300 billion 
for programs that have proven instrumental in lifting millions of Americans out of poverty. 
The funding provided will be used to restore 
cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, extend emergency unemployment insurance, expand access to affordable hous-ing, increase access to quality and affordable education, and increase funding for job train-ing and trade adjustment assistance pro-grams. 
Additionally, Mr. Chair, to ensure that fed-
eral resources are targeted more efficiently to-wards eradicating poverty and are actually reaching communities most in need, the CBC budget proposes the codification of the ‘‘10– 20–30’’ policy for federal spending. 
Under the ‘‘10–20–30’’ policy at least 10 
percent of the federal funds in certain ac-counts are to be directed to areas that have had a poverty rate of 20 percent for the last 30 years. 
Finally, I support the CBC Budget because 
it puts an end to the draconian sequester bur-dening the economy and our people for the last several years. 
In addition, according to an analysis by the 
Congressional Budget Office, it will reduce the deficit by approximately $1.9 trillion over 10 years. 
Mr. Chair, it is said often, but is no less true, 
that the federal budget is more than a financial document; it is an expression of the nation’s most cherished values. 
As the late and great former senator and 
Vice-President Hubert Humphrey said: 
The moral test of government is how that 
government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in shadows of life, the sick, the needy, and the handicapped. 
The Republican budget resolution fails this 
moral test; the CBC Budget does not. 
For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in rejecting the House Republicans’ budget and voting for a better alternative, the CBC Budget. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 4
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), and I ask unanimous 
consent that he may control that time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  
WATERS ). 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I thank the gentlewoman very much. I appreciate being given some time at the last minute. 
Mr. Chairman, the wealth gap and ra-
cial wealth gap have reached record levels, and alarming statistics tell the story. Mr. Chairman, 46.5 million Americans are living in poverty, and comparable numbers are even worse in the African American community and other communities of color. For dec-ades, we have had policies and made funding decisions that have benefited only a few at the expense of the middle class and minorities. The Great Reces-sion and subsequent years of budget cuts have only made things worse for these communities. 
While the Republicans’ budget dem-
onstrates their commitment to main-taining this inequality, the budget put forth by the Congressional Black Cau-cus today attempts to rebuild and re-store what we lost, especially in the housing sector, which is why it has my support. 
First, the CBC budget retains a ro-
bust Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which Congress created to pro-tect all Americans from predatory loans that led to millions of fore-closures, many of which were in the Af-rican American community. The CBC budget also makes critical investments in affordable housing programs, includ-ing fully funding public housing and fully restoring Section 8 housing choice vouchers lost due to sequestra-tion. 
The CBC budget would also invest 
much-needed resources to add over 20,000 new beds for the homeless across our country. Investments in these im-portant rental and homeless assistance programs is especially important given the fact that we have nearly 8 million households in America for whom safe, decent, and affordable housing is not available to them. 
Put simply, the Republican budget 
would widen the wealth gap in this country; the CBC budget would help eliminate it. 
Further, the CBC budget strengthens 
our housing market, our financial sys-tem and economic stability as a whole. I urge that all Members of this House vote in favor of it and in favor of put-ting our country back on a sustainable economic path. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentlewoman for her courtesy in extending additional time, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, there is a percentage 
of the economy, the Republican under-lying budget is 40 percent lower than the previous low in half a century. It is only balanced because it is missing a couple of trillion dollars where you cut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.032 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1946 March 25, 2015 
taxes and say it is revenue neutral. 
There is no indication that the taxes will be restored. It is unrealistic be-cause the level of cuts won’t be made. 
You are not going to repeal Medicare 
as you know it. We have tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act over 50 times and haven’t been able to do it. It is in-teresting that they want to repeal the services but not the taxes. There are substantial cuts in Pell grants and in-creases in student loans. Transpor-tation initiatives are just about zeroed out. 
On the other hand, Mr. Chairman, the 
CBC budget has specific tax increases. It shows that we make money by com-prehensive immigration reform and the public option. We pay to eliminate se-questration. We create jobs, eliminate poverty, and have a realistic budget. 
I would hope, Mr. Chairman, that we 
would adopt the Congressional Black Caucus budget as a realistic priority, with the right priorities we would adopt the Congressional Black Caucus budget. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to just con-
trast these two budgets just a little bit. As we look at a stronger America— and our balanced budget does provide for a stronger America—we see that the Congressional Black Caucus budget is one that will increase our debt for our children and our grandchildren and increase taxes. Neither one of these is going to help our economy grow nor get people out of poverty. 
Our budget balances in less than 10 
years. A balanced budget means a healthier economy today and greater opportunity for tomorrow, helping to raise people out of poverty. 
The budget also repeals the unwork-
able and unfair ObamaCare plan and starts over with more choice. 
The budget boosts our defense spend-
ing, helping to provide defense for our country and support for our men and women. 
The budget eliminates the double 
dipping of the disability insurance and the unemployment insurance and es-tablishes a plan that will strengthen the Social Security trust fund rather than having the trust fund be depleted. 
The budget saves and strengthens 
Medicare, ending that $700 billion ObamaCare raid that was in the Presi-dent’s proposal. 
Mr. Chairman, all of these things 
help to get us on the path and on the course to a successful America where we can be proud to hand our children and our grandchildren a successful country whereby they can know the kinds of opportunities that we have had and live the American Dream. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this budget amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in sup-
port of the CBC Alternative Budget for Fiscal Year 2016. 
As has been highlighted during today’s de-
bate, the Federal budget is a blueprint for our nation. It is a statement of our national prior-
ities and of our national values. 
Our budget should lay the groundwork to 
secure a strong middle class, create more jobs, and grow paychecks. 
We should be working to create a level 
playing field for all Americans. 
We cannot continue with these short-term 
fixes which lately have become all too com-mon in Congress. 
For instance, in May, the Highway Trust 
Fund is set to expire—again. 
Yet, more than sixty-five percent of Amer-
ica’s roads are in need of repair and the American Society of Civil Engineers has given our nation’s infrastructure a D in its most re-cent report card. 
We could be creating thousands of jobs— 
from real estate to construction work—if we got serious about investing in infrastructure. 
As the conscious of the Congress. The CBC 
budget focuses on creating jobs and giving hard-working Americans families a fair-share. 
Our CBC budget would provide $230 billion 
for our nation’s infrastructure—providing an immediate investment to help modernize our roads, bridges, and tunnels, as well as pro-viding dollars to build new and improve exist-ing commuter and public transportation sys-tems. 
We cannot delay or rely on short term fund-
ing patches that seem to become the norm in 
this Republican led Congress. 
Mr. Chair, when we rebuild our roads and 
modernize our nation’s transportation, we cre-ate and maintain good-paying jobs. 
That’s the best investment we can make of 
taxpayer dollars. Not only do we keep Ameri-cans safe, but we invest in our greatest re-source—the American worker. That’s what I call a bang for your buck. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
b1445 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . STUTZMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—The Congress deter-
mines and declares that this concurrent res-olution establishes the budget for fiscal year 2016 and sets forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 201. Reconciliation in the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
Sec. 202. Reconciliation procedures. Sec. 203. Additional guidance for reconcili-
ation. 
Sec. 204. Policy statement on reconcilation 
to repeal Obamacare. 
TITLE III—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 301. Cost estimates for major legisla-
tion to incorporate macro-economic effects. 
Sec. 302. Limitation on measures affecting 
Social Security solvency. 
Sec. 303. Budgetary treatment of adminis-
trative expenses. 
Sec. 304. Limitation on transfers from the 
general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Sec. 305. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 306. Fair value credit estimates. Sec. 307. Limitation on long-term spending. Sec. 308. Allocation for overseas contin-
gency operations/global war on terrorism. 
Sec. 309. Adjustments for improved control 
of budgetary resources. 
Sec. 310. Concepts, aggregates, allocations 
and application. 
Sec. 311. Rulemaking powers. 
TITLE IV—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 401. Direct spending. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 501. Reserve fund for the repeal of the 
2010 health care laws. 
Sec. 502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
replacement of Obamacare. 
Sec. 503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund related 
to the Medicare provisions of the 2010 health care laws. 
Sec. 504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
sustainable growth rate of the Medicare program. 
Sec. 505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for re-
forming the tax code. 
Sec. 506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
trade agreements. 
Sec. 507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
revenue measures. 
Sec. 508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
transportation reform. 
Sec. 509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
duce poverty and increase op-portunity and upward mobility. 
Sec. 510. Implementation of a deficit and 
long-term debt reduction agree-ment. 
Sec. 511. Deficit-neutral reserve account for 
reforming SNAP. 
Sec. 512. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for So-
cial Security Disability Insur-ance Reform. 
Sec. 513. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. 
Sec. 514. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
graduate medical education. 
Sec. 515. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Federal retirement reform. 
Sec. 516. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for de-
fense sequester replacement. 
TITLE VI—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Sec. 601. Policy statement on health care 
law repeal. 
Sec. 602. Policy statement on replacing the 
President’s health care law. 
Sec. 603. Policy statement on Medicare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.033 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1947 March 25, 2015 
Sec. 604. Policy statement on Medicaid 
State flexibility block grants. 
Sec. 605. Policy statement on Social Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 606. Policy statement on means-tested 
welfare programs. 
Sec. 607. Policy statement on reform of the 
Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program. 
Sec. 608. Policy statement on work require-
ments. 
Sec. 609. Policy statement on a carbon tax. Sec. 610. Policy statement on regulation of 
greenhouse gases by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
Sec. 611. Policy statement on economic 
growth and job creation. 
Sec. 612. Policy statement on tax reform. Sec. 613. Policy statement on trade. Sec. 614. Policy statement on energy produc-
tion. 
Sec. 615. Policy statement on Federal regu-
latory policy. 
Sec. 616. Policy statement on higher edu-
cation and workforce develop-ment opportunity. 
Sec. 617. Policy statement on Federal fund-
ing of abortion. 
Sec. 618. Policy statement on transportation 
reform. 
Sec. 619. Policy statement on Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 620. Policy statement on reducing un-
necessary, wasteful, and unau-thorized spending. 
Sec. 621. Policy statement on balanced budg-
et amendment. 
Sec. 622. Policy statement on deficit reduc-
tion through the cancellation of unobligated balances. 
Sec. 623. Policy statement on responsible 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Sec. 624. Policy statement on creation of a 
Committee to Eliminate Dupli-cation and Waste. 
Sec. 625. Policy statement on budget process 
and baseline reform. 
Sec. 626. Policy statement on Federal ac-
counting methodologies. 
Sec. 627. Policy statement on scorekeeping 
for outyear budgetary effects in appropriation Acts. 
Sec. 628. Policy statement on agency fees 
and spending. 
Sec. 629. No Budget, no Pay. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,666,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,763,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,858,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,974,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,099,410,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,241,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,388,688,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,550,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,722,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,905,648,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. 
Fiscal year 2024: $0. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,804,255,329,803. Fiscal year 2017: $2,795,462,458,903. Fiscal year 2018: $2,865,997,991,741. Fiscal year 2019: $3,000,376,760,861. Fiscal year 2020: $3,108,966,585,790. Fiscal year 2021: $3,172,280,451,129. Fiscal year 2022: $3,271,239,346,757. Fiscal year 2023: $3,353,376,032,969. Fiscal year 2024: $3,385,534,274,531. Fiscal year 2025: $3,492,980,109,634. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,875,014,856,384. Fiscal year 2017: $2,814,832,468,381. Fiscal year 2018: $2,849,474,859,887. Fiscal year 2019: $2,972,316,101,289. Fiscal year 2020: $3,068,172,096,646. Fiscal year 2021: $3,144,578,956,503. Fiscal year 2022: $3,261,322,193,088. Fiscal year 2023: $3,323,765,840,982. Fiscal year 2024: $3,340,157,830,662. Fiscal year 2025: $3,464,735,098,225. (4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: -$208,259,856,384. Fiscal year 2017: -$51,504,468,381. Fiscal year 2018: $8,656,140,113. Fiscal year 2019: $1,830,898,711. Fiscal year 2020: $31,237,903,354. Fiscal year 2021: $97,384,043,497. Fiscal year 2022: $127,365,806,912. Fiscal year 2023: $226,622,159,018. Fiscal year 2024: $381,986,169,338. Fiscal year 2025: $440,912,901,775. (5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $18,913,744,958,460. Fiscal year 2017: $19,314,491,964,331. Fiscal year 2018: $19,563,830,455,326. Fiscal year 2019: $19,857,958,879,371. Fiscal year 2020: $20,123,855,366,287. Fiscal year 2021: $20,351,214,337,587. Fiscal year 2022: $20,715,329,820,423. Fiscal year 2023: $20,901,532,189,180. Fiscal year 2024: $20,717,769,565,646. Fiscal year 2025: $20,684,027,272,338. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,703,981,750,475. Fiscal year 2017: $13,960,949,960,296. Fiscal year 2018: $14,067,434,872,731. Fiscal year 2019: $14,248,184,941,570. Fiscal year 2020: $14,422,683,320,242. Fiscal year 2021: $14,587,672,210,472. Fiscal year 2022: $14,936,858,695,742. Fiscal year 2023: $15,125,854,409,576. Fiscal year 2024: $14,963,760,099,108. Fiscal year 2025: $15,014,505,127,509. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the budgetary levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2024 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $578,280,777,857. (B) Outlays, $613,862,153,570. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $572,025,184,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $607,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,422,160,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $620,019,000,000. (B) Outlays, $604,237,912,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
(A) New budget authority, $632,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $617,552,672,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $644,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $657,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $670,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $683,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $663,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $698,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $683,350,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $37,513,493,257. (B) Outlays, $41,995,505,479. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $38,762,853,450. (B) Outlays, $39,934,846,949. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,651,643,950. (B) Outlays, $38,866,220,775. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $40,528,536,020. (B) Outlays, $38,354,273,029. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $41,461,865,977. (B) Outlays, $38,697,741,578. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $41,925,063,701. (B) Outlays, $39,232,179,719. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $43,126,001,914. (B) Outlays, $39,982,610,336. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $44,095,485,241. (B) Outlays, $40,732,800,911. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $45,103,629,772. (B) Outlays, $41,553,888,595. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $46,133,401,274. (B) Outlays, $42,416,153,641. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $28,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,003,392,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $28,932,305,000. (B) Outlays, $28,924,301,820. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $29,578,662,625. (B) Outlays, $29,357,268,851. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $30,226,743,853. (B) Outlays, $29,798,265,570. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $30,904,449,193. (B) Outlays, $30,387,989,039. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $31,583,742,872. (B) Outlays, $30,957,291,773. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $32,292,588,187. (B) Outlays, $31,636,998,973. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,002,947,480. (B) Outlays, $32,338,214,946. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $33,741,782,114. (B) Outlays, $33,058,954,535. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $34,488,239,558. (B) Outlays, $33,794,801,398. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $-5,761,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$1,930,371,957. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$3,819,314,062. (B) Outlays, -$1,757,967,962. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1948 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2018: 
(A) New budget authority, -$10,728,702,937. (B) Outlays, -$2,111,452,050. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$8,096,589,163. (B) Outlays, -$2,078,305,078. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$5,254,611,266. (B) Outlays, -$1,969,957,520. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$3,171,638,088. (B) Outlays, -$1,763,905,675. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$2,599,805,029. (B) Outlays, -$1,680,623,026. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$2,195,039,484. (B) Outlays, -$1,596,392,352. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$2,064,102,846. (B) Outlays, -$1,606,962,951. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$3,109,301,299. (B) Outlays, -$3,918,880,787. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $31,299,572,447. (B) Outlays, $33,745,933,147. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $31,804,397,584. (B) Outlays, $33,763,424,433. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $31,940,706,078. (B) Outlays, $33,072,114,262. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $32,545,716,150. (B) Outlays, $33,019,236,283. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $32,800,053,945. (B) Outlays, $32,914,442,144. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $32,731,162,151. (B) Outlays, $33,002,142,690. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $33,463,492,711. (B) Outlays, $33,583,695,102. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,834,190,867. (B) Outlays, $34,011,836,980. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $34,301,960,627. (B) Outlays, $33,902,619,669. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $31,926,499,137. (B) Outlays, $31,416,919,831. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $19,898,010,335. (B) Outlays, $20,942,095,280. Fiscal year 2017: 
(A) New budget authority, $22,827,846,850. (B) Outlays, $22,957,388,865. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,738,376,840. (B) Outlays, $21,154,062,249. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,657,292,553. (B) Outlays, $20,032,522,337. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,587,456,346. (B) Outlays, $19,144,471,168. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,048,816,297. (B) Outlays, $18,608,414,371. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $18,995,149,863. (B) Outlays, $18,586,093,026. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $19,569,077,258. (B) Outlays, $19,145,484,076. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $19,766,828,555. (B) Outlays, $19,306,333,800. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $19,999,880,260. (B) Outlays, $19,600,090,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: 
(A) New budget authority -$3,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$16,616,676,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$12,373,102,500. (B) Outlays, -$26,620,296,710. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$10,252,355,063. (B) Outlays, -$24,997,848,520. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$8,800,690,294. (B) Outlays, -$28,586,750,251. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$6,903,060,242. (B) Outlays, -$27,479,356,095. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$6,522,465,808. (B) Outlays, -$21,768,710,970. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$5,741,907,919. (B) Outlays, -$22,819,106,102. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$4,965,387,525. (B) Outlays, -$23,305,538,861. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$3,990,905,601. (B) Outlays, -$23,635,008,871. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$3,370,433,193. (B) Outlays, -$23,844,501,407. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $32,470,539,628. (B) Outlays, $69,973,708,016. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $61,354,221,079. (B) Outlays, $61,459,750,057. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $62,202,314,885. (B) Outlays, $65,144,457,480. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $67,630,814,158. (B) Outlays, $67,324,272,537. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $68,886,671,678. (B) Outlays, $68,004,790,643. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $70,163,658,354. (B) Outlays, $69,472,273,861. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $71,515,161,060. (B) Outlays, $70,923,592,736. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $72,915,482,431. (B) Outlays, $72,212,261,043. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $74,164,815,548. (B) Outlays, $73,292,369,608. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $75,667,811,114. (B) Outlays, $74,468,932,745. 
(9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $7,082,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,927,516,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $7,688,082,500. (B) Outlays, $16,753,320,710. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $8,088,559,563. (B) Outlays, $15,382,887,620. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $8,381,194,111. (B) Outlays, $13,788,745,754. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $8,408,701,972. (B) Outlays, $12,567,244,658. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $8,304,604,699. (B) Outlays, $12,095,209,451. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $8,303,596,421. (B) Outlays, $10,936,853,095. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $8,358,935,928. (B) Outlays, $9,345,212,395. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $8,446,554,262. 
(B) Outlays, $8,890,070,466. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $8,578,595,232. (B) Outlays, $8,930,419,157. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $80,620,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $84,652,371,460. (B) Outlays, $90,413,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $86,829,771,467. (B) Outlays, $87,166,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $85,313,474,733. (B) Outlays, $85,090,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $87,600,206,105. (B) Outlays, $87,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $88,609,236,615. (B) Outlays, $88,976,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $89,849,057,844. (B) Outlays, $90,167,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $90,938,338,847. (B) Outlays, $91,346,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $92,345,533,818. (B) Outlays, $92,701,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $94,001,410,265. (B) Outlays, $94,334,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $356,215,596,566. (B) Outlays, $365,098,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $360,899,454,985. (B) Outlays, $365,047,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $362,983,956,484. (B) Outlays, $364,881,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $363,685,568,372. (B) Outlays, $364,491,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $373,679,065,768. (B) Outlays, $364,281,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $363,974,828,600. (B) Outlays, $364,016,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $363,806,363,913. (B) Outlays, $363,895,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $363,626,231,239. 
(B) Outlays, $363,693,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $363,258,019,916. (B) Outlays, $363,340,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $362,556,573,042. (B) Outlays, $362,722,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $577,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $574,936,390,472. (B) Outlays, $574,877,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $576,281,682,302. (B) Outlays, $576,241,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $635,992,586,992. (B) Outlays, $635,913,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $676,174,392,195. (B) Outlays, $676,081,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $721,343,299,702. (B) Outlays, $721,248,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1949 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $799,902,931,815. 
(B) Outlays, $799,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $815,174,505,146. (B) Outlays, $814,979,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $821,746,349,714. (B) Outlays, $821,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $914,308,332,995. (B) Outlays, $914,192,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $511,965,047,286. (B) Outlays, $513,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $477,846,923,208. (B) Outlays, $473,264,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $477,561,645,878. (B) Outlays, $467,611,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $474,689,337,990. (B) Outlays, $468,970,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $502,140,825,023. (B) Outlays, $496,703,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $487,249,815,351. (B) Outlays, $482,256,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $502,185,290,642. (B) Outlays, $502,042,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $508,544,506,797. (B) Outlays, $502,891,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $515,858,098,800. (B) Outlays, $504,805,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $531,835,180,620. (B) Outlays, $525,361,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $33,878,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,407,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $166,579,024,441. (B) Outlays, $170,021,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,542,167,817. (B) Outlays, $164,087,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $162,507,078,640. (B) Outlays, $161,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, 174,058,258,503$. (B) Outlays, $173,248,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $178,729,646,992. (B) Outlays, $177,778,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $182,762,771,139. (B) Outlays, $181,819,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $194,775,102,635. (B) Outlays, $193,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $191,156,854,593. (B) Outlays, $190,134,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $187,957,947,124. (B) Outlays, $186,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $201,405,233,201. (B) Outlays, $200,283,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $47,707,173,265. (B) Outlays, $51,229,224,208. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $50,772,740,952. (B) Outlays, $52,693,526,677. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $50,372,110,771. (B) Outlays, $51,732,859,609. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $51,813,152,904. (B) Outlays, $51,556,175,542. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $53,466,802,554. (B) Outlays, $53,290,287,822. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $55,249,674,911. (B) Outlays, $54,787,383,199. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $57,676,483,435. (B) Outlays, $57,175,876,713. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $59,454,977,724. (B) Outlays, $58,940,292,949. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,272,247,363. (B) Outlays, $60,740,753,844. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $62,947,151,651. (B) Outlays, $62,414,282,909. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $23,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,576,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,761,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,202,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,817,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,279,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
(A) New budget authority, $23,947,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,602,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $24,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $25,695,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,840,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $26,010,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $26,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,825,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $364,527,455,629. (B) Outlays, $364,527,455,629. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $410,767,708,539. (B) Outlays, $410,767,708,539. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $469,730,877,172. (B) Outlays, $469,730,877,172. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $517,032,292,681. (B) Outlays, $517,032,292,681. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $557,654,430,424. (B) Outlays, $557,654,430,424. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $583,121,216,629. (B) Outlays, $583,121,216,629. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $603,387,733,236. (B) Outlays, $603,387,733,236. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $618,088,639,892. (B) Outlays, $618,088,639,892. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $623,301,410,548. (B) Outlays, $623,301,410,548. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $620,928,755,085. (B) Outlays, $620,928,755,085. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$85,168,180,447. (B) Outlays, -$79,367,705,942. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$88,768,588,431. (B) Outlays, -$73,377,282,997. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$99,007,336,916. (B) Outlays, -$91,392,129,561. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$107,257,928,704. (B) Outlays, -$101,115,606,117. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$120,538,310,875. (B) Outlays, -$112,317,659,215. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$126,001,335,995. (B) Outlays, -$119,487,538,544. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$176,422,893,971. (B) Outlays, -$157,543,531,001. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$148,027,713,468. (B) Outlays, -$134,530,970,997. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$149,789,895,183. (B) Outlays, -$138,129,598,581. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$178,976,219,310. (B) Outlays, -$156,393,874,346. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$73,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$73,514,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$83,832,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$83,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$90,115,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, -$90,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$92,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$96,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$96,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$99,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$99,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$104,343,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$104,343,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$111,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$111,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$117,896,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$117,896,000,000. (21) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $57,900,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,289,626,954. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1950 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2017: 
(A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,715,564,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,758,382,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,117,067,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 201. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) S UBMISSION PROVIDING FOR REPEAL OF  
OBAMACARE .—Not later than July 15, 2015, 
the committees named in subsection (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives to carry out this section. 
(b) I
NSTRUCTIONS .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—The Committee on Education and 
the Workforce shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE .— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce shall submit changes in laws within its juris-diction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The 
Committee on Ways and Means shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 202. RECONCILIATION PROCEDURES. 
(a) E STIMATING ASSUMPTIONS .— 
(1) A SSUMPTIONS .—In the House, for pur-
poses of titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget shall use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making estimates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon. If adjustments to the baseline are made subse-quent to the adoption of this concurrent res-olution, then such chair shall determine whether to use any of these adjustments when making such estimates. 
(2) I
NTENT .—The authority set forth in 
paragraph (1) should only be exercised if the estimates used to determine the compliance 
of such measures with the budgetary require-ments included in the concurrent resolution are inaccurate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the as-sumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adop-tion of this concurrent resolution may in-clude selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpre-tative rules that have major budgetary ef-fects and are inconsistent with the assump-tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. (3) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI -
MATES .—Upon the request of the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget of the House for any measure, the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall prepare an estimate based on the baseline determination made by such chair pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF THE PRESIDENT ’SHEALTH  
CARELAWTHROUGH RECONCILIATION .—In pre-
paring their submissions under section 201(a) to the Committee on the Budget, the com-mittees named in section 201(b) shall— 
(1) note the policies described in the report 
accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget that repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010; and 
(2) determine the most effective methods 
by which the health care laws referred to in paragraph (1) shall be repealed in their en-tirety. 
(c) R
EVISION OF BUDGETARY LEVELS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Upon the submission to 
the Committee on the Budget of the House of a recommendation that has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of section 310(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget may file with the House appropriately revised allocations under section 302(a) of such Act and revised functional levels and aggregates. 
(2) C
ONFERENCE REPORT .—Upon the submis-
sion to the House of a conference report rec-ommending a reconciliation bill or resolu-tion in which a committee has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of this section, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House may file with the House appropriately revised alloca-tions under section 302(a) of such Act and re-vised functional levels and aggregates. 
(3) R
EVISION .—Allocations and aggregates 
revised pursuant to this subsection shall be considered to be allocations and aggregates established by the concurrent resolution on the budget pursuant to section 301 of such Act. 
SEC. 203. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE FOR REC-
ONCILIATION. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—In the House, the chair of 
the Committee on the Budget may develop additional guidelines providing further infor-mation, budgetary levels and amounts, and other explanatory material to supplement the instructions included in this concurrent resolution pursuant to section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and set forth in section 201. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—In the House, the chair 
of the Committee on the Budget may cause the material prepared pursuant to subsection (a) to be printed in the Congressional Record on the appropriate date, but not later than the date set forth in this title on which com-mittees must submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget in order to comply with the reconciliation instructions set forth in section 201. 
SEC. 204. POLICY STATEMENT ON 
RECONCILATION TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
reconciliation submissions set forth in sec-tion 201 shall fully repeal the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 152). 
TITLE III—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 301. COST ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLA-
TION TO INCORPORATE MACRO-ECONOMIC EFFECTS. 
(a) CBO E STIMATES .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, an estimate provided by the Congres-
sional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legislation considered in the House or the Senate during fiscal year 2016 shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate the budg-etary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macro-economic variables resulting from such leg-islation. 
(b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION ESTI-
MATES .—For purposes of the enforcement of 
this concurrent resolution, any estimate pro-vided by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legis-lation shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such legislation. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in 
this section shall, to the extent practicable, include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-
etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsections (a) and (b)) of such legislation in the 20-fiscal year period 
beginning after the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution sets forth budgetary levels required by section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(2) an identification of the critical assump-
tions and the source of data underlying that estimate. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘major legislation’’ means any 
bill or joint resolution— 
(A) for which an estimate is required to be 
prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects) in any fis-cal year over the years of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budg-et equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(B) designated as such by the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget for all direct spending legislation other than revenue leg-islation or the Member who is chair or vice chair, as applicable, of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
(2) the term ‘‘budgetary effects’’ means 
changes in revenues, budget authority, out-lays, and deficits. 
SEC. 302. LIMITATION ON MEASURES AFFECTING 
SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the en-
forcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, it shall not be in order to consider in the House or the Senate a bill or joint reso-lution, or an amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, that reduces the ac-tuarial balance by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund established under section 201(a) of the Social Security Act for the 75-year pe-riod utilized in the most recent annual re-port of the Board of Trustees provided pursu-ant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a measure that would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for the 75-year period uti-lized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursuant to sec-tion 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 303. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1951 March 25, 2015 
1974, section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement 
Act of 1990, and section 4001 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, the report accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget or the joint explanatory state-ment accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall include in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administra-tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-istration and the United States Postal Serv-ice. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of enforc-
ing sections 302(f) and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays provided by a measure shall include any discretionary amounts described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 304. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS FROM THE 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
For purposes of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the rules or orders of the House of Representa-tives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer oc-curs. 
SEC. 305. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided for in subsection (b), any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, making a general appropriation or continuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—An advance appropriation 
may be provided for programs, projects, ac-tivities, or accounts identified in the report to accompany this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accompany this concurrent resolution under the heading: 
(1) G
ENERAL .—‘‘Accounts Identified for Ad-
vance Appropriations’’; and 
(2) V ETERANS .—‘‘Veterans Accounts Identi-
fied for Advance Appropriations’’. 
(c) L IMITATIONS .—The aggregate level of 
advance appropriations shall not exceed— 
(1) G ENERAL .—$28,852,000,000 in new budget 
authority for all programs identified pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1); and 
(2) V
ETERANS .—$63,271,000,000 in new budget 
authority for programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs identified pursuant to sub-section (b)(2). 
(d) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘advance appro-
priation’’ means any new discretionary budg-et authority provided in a bill or joint reso-lution, or any amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, making general ap-propriations or continuing appropriations, for the fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 306. FAIR VALUE CREDIT ESTIMATES. 
(a) F AIRVALUE ESTIMATES .—Upon the re-
quest of the chair or ranking member of the Committee on the Budget, any estimate of the budgetary effects of a measure prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under the terms of title V of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, ‘‘credit re-form’’ shall, as a supplement to such esti-mate, and to the extent practicable, also pro-vide an estimate of the current actual or es-timated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
(b) F
AIRVALUE ESTIMATES FOR HOUSING  
AND STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMS .—Whenever the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-
fice prepares an estimate pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 of the budgetary effects which would be in-curred in carrying out any bill or joint reso-lution and if the Director determines that such bill or joint resolution has a budgetary effect related to a housing, residential mort-gage or student loan program under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, then the Director shall also provide an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by the provisions of such bill or joint resolution that result in such effect. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Director of the 
Congressional Budget Office provides an esti-mate pursuant to subsection (a) or (b), the chair of the Committee on the Budget may use such estimate to determine compliance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and other budgetary enforcement controls. 
SEC. 307. LIMITATION ON LONG-TERM SPENDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, it shall not 
be in order to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion reported by a committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations), or an amend-ment thereto or a conference report thereon, if the provisions of such measure have the net effect of increasing direct spending in ex-cess of $5,000,000,000 for any period described in subsection (b). 
(b) T
IMEPERIODS .—The applicable periods 
for purposes of this section are any of the four consecutive ten fiscal-year periods be-ginning in the fiscal year following the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 308. ALLOCATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-
GENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM. 
(a) S EPARATE OCO/GWOT A LLOCATION .—In 
the House, there shall be a separate alloca-tion of new budget authority and outlays provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the purposes of Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of enforc-
ing the separate allocation referred to in subsection (a) under section 302(f) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, the ‘‘first fis-cal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ shall be deemed to refer to fiscal year 2016. Section 302(c) of such Act shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—New budget authority 
or outlays counting toward the allocation es-tablished by subsection (a) shall be des-ignated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(d) A
DJUSTMENTS .—For purposes of sub-
section (a) for fiscal year 2016, no adjustment shall be made under section 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if any ad-justment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 309. ADJUSTMENTS FOR IMPROVED CON-
TROL OF BUDGETARY RESOURCES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DISCRETIONARY AND  
DIRECT SPENDING LEVELS .—In the House, if a 
committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations) reports a bill or joint resolu-tion, or offers any amendment thereto or submits a conference report thereon, pro-viding for a decrease in direct spending (budget authority and outlays flowing there-from) for any fiscal year and also provides for an authorization of appropriations for the same purpose, upon the enactment of such measure, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may decrease the allocation to such committee and increase the allocation of discretionary spending (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) to the Com-mittee on Appropriations for fiscal year 2016 by an amount equal to the new budget au-
thority (and outlays flowing therefrom) pro-vided for in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for the same purpose. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—In the House, for the 
purpose of enforcing this concurrent resolu-tion, the allocations and aggregate levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for fiscal year 2016 and the period of fiscal years 2016 through fiscal year 2025 shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget and such chair may ad-just applicable levels of this concurrent reso-lution. 
SEC. 310. CONCEPTS, AGGREGATES, ALLOCA-
TIONS AND APPLICATION. 
(a) C ONCEPTS , ALLOCATIONS , AND APPLICA -
TION.—In the House— 
(1) upon a change in budgetary concepts or 
definitions, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust any allocations, ag-gregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution accordingly; 
(2) any adjustments of the allocations, ag-
gregates, and other budgetary levels made pursuant to this concurrent resolution shall— 
(A) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(B) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(C) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable; 
(3) section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress) shall have no force or effect for any reconciliation bill reported pursuant to in-structions set forth in this concurrent reso-lution; 
(4) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget may adjust the allocations, aggre-gates, and other appropriate budgetary lev-els to reflect changes resulting from the most recently published or adjusted baseline of the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(5) the term ‘‘budget year’’ means the most 
recent fiscal year for which a concurrent res-olution on the budget has been adopted. 
(b) A
GGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS AND APPLI-
CATION .—In the House, for purposes of this 
concurrent resolution and budget enforce-ment— 
(1) the consideration of any bill or joint 
resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, for which the chair of the Committee on the Budget makes adjust-ments or revisions in the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels of this con-current resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives or section 207 of this concurrent resolu-tion; and 
(2) revised allocations and aggregates re-
sulting from these adjustments shall be con-sidered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 as allocations and aggre-gates included in this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 311. RULEMAKING POWERS. 
The House adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of the House of Representatives, and these rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with other such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1952 March 25, 2015 
TITLE IV—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 401. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) In 1996, a Republican Congress and a 
Democratic president reformed welfare by limiting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the five years following passage, child-poverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This resolution applies the lessons of welfare reform to both the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program and Medicaid. 
(B) For Medicaid, this resolution rec-
ommends conversion from direct spending to a discretionary program subject to appro-priation. Pending this reform, this resolu-tion assumes the conversion of the Federal share of Medicaid spending into a flexible State allotment tailored to meet each State’s needs. Such a reform would end the misguided one-size-fits-all approach that has tied the hands of State governments. In-stead, each State would have the freedom and flexibility to tailor a Medicaid program that fits the needs of its unique population. Moreover, this resolution assumes the repeal of the Medicaid expansions in the President’s health care law, relieving State governments of its crippling one-size-fits-all enrollment mandates. 
(C) For the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-
ance Program, recommends conversion from direct spending to a discretionary program subject to appropriation. Pending this re-form, this resolution assumes the conversion of the program into a flexible State allot-ment tailored to meet each State’s needs. The allotment would increase based on the Department of Agriculture Thrifty Food Plan index and beneficiary growth. Such a reform would provide incentives for States to ensure dollars will go towards those who need them most. Additionally, it requires that more stringent work requirements and time limits apply under the program. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: 
(A) For Medicare, this resolution advances 
policies to put seniors, not the Federal Gov-ernment, in control of their health care deci-sions. Those in or near retirement will see no changes, while future retirees would be given a choice of private plans competing along-side the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare would provide a pre-mium-support payment either to pay for or offset the premium of the plan chosen by the senior, depending on the plan’s cost. The Medicare premium-support payment would be adjusted so that the sick would receive higher payments if their conditions wors-ened; lower-income seniors would receive ad-
ditional assistance to help cover out-of-pock-et costs; and wealthier seniors would assume responsibility for a greater share of their premiums. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will force providers to compete against each other on price and quality. This market competition will act as a real check on widespread waste and skyrocketing health care costs. 
(B) In keeping with a recommendation 
from the National Commission on Fiscal Re-sponsibility and Reform, this resolution calls for Federal employees—including Members of Congress and congressional staff—to make greater contributions toward their own re-tirement. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 501. RESERVE FUND FOR THE REPEAL OF 
THE 2010 HEALTH CARE LAWS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that only consists of a full repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010. 
SEC. 502. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE REPLACEMENT OF OBAMACARE. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, replaces the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 503. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATED TO THE MEDICARE PROVI-SIONS OF THE 2010 HEALTH CARE LAWS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the de-creases in Medicare spending included in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 504. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH RATE OF THE MEDICARE PROGRAM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that includes provisions amending or superseding the system for updating pay-ments under section 1848 of the Social Secu-rity Act, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 505. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE. 
In the House, if the Committee on Ways 
and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary ef-fects of any such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report 
thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025 when the macroeconomic ef-fects of such reforms are taken into account. 
SEC. 506. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 507. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REVENUE MEASURES. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 508. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRANSPORTATION REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolu-tion, or amendment thereto or conference re-port thereon, if such measure reforms the Federal transportation funding system, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 509. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBIL-ITY. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolu-tion, or amendment thereto or conference re-port thereon, if such measure reforms poli-cies and programs to reduce poverty and in-crease opportunity and upward mobility, but only if such measure would neither adversely impact job creation nor increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 510. IMPLEMENTATION OF A DEFICIT AND 
LONG-TERM DEBT REDUCTION AGREEMENT. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution to accommodate the enactment of a deficit and long-term debt reduction agreement if it includes per-manent spending reductions and reforms to direct spending programs. 
SEC. 511. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE ACCOUNT 
FOR REFORMING SNAP. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that reforms the supplemental nu-trition assistance program (SNAP). 
SEC. 512. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY IN-SURANCE REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1953 March 25, 2015 
effects of any bill or joint resolution, or 
amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that reforms the Social Security Disability Insurance program under title II of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 513. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure extends the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 514. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, expands access to, and improves, as determined by such chair, graduate medical education programs, but only if such meas-ure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 515. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such chair, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 516. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEFENSE SEQUESTER REPLACE-MENT. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure supports the fol-lowing activities: Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equip-ment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit re-forms, by the amount provided for these pur-poses, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TITLE VI—POLICY STATEMENTS 
SEC. 601. POLICY STATEMENT ON HEALTH CARE 
LAW REPEAL. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152) should be repealed. 
SEC. 602. POLICY STATEMENT ON REPLACING 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The President’s health care law put 
Washington’s priorities first, and not pa-tients’. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed to reduce health care premiums as promised; instead, the law mandated benefits and coverage levels, denying patients the op-portunity to choose the type of coverage that best suits their health needs and driving up health coverage costs. A typical family’s health care premiums were supposed to de-cline by $2,500 a year; instead, according to the 2014 Employer Health Benefits Survey, 
health care premiums have increased by 7 percent for individuals and families since 2012. 
(2) The President pledged ‘‘If you like your 
health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employment-based health coverage will lose those plans due to the President’s health care law, further lim-iting patient choice. 
(3) Then-Speaker of the House, Pelosi, said 
that the President’s health care law would create 4 million jobs over the life of the law and almost 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the reduction in hours worked due to Obamacare represents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full-time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest results. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million full-time equivalent work-ers. 
(4) The President has charged the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a panel of unelected bureaucrats, with cutting Medi-care by an additional $20.9 billion over the next ten years, according to the President’s most recent budget. 
(5) Since ACA was signed into law, the ad-
ministration has repeatedly failed to imple-ment it as written. The President has unilat-erally acted to make a total of 28 changes, delays, and exemptions. The President has signed into law another 17 changes made by Congress. The Supreme Court struck down the forced expansion of Medicaid; ruled the individual ‘‘mandate’’ could only be charac-
terized as a tax to remain constitutional; and rejected the requirement that closely held companies provide health insurance to their employees if doing so violates these companies’ religious beliefs. Even now, al-most five years after enactment, the Su-preme Court continues to evaluate the legal-ity of how the President’s administration has implemented the law. All of these changes prove the folly underlying the entire program health care in the United States cannot be run from a centralized bureauc-racy. 
(6) The President’s health care law is 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, de-structive, and unworkable. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patient- centered health care reform: the develop-ment of real health care reforms that puts patients first, that make affordable, quality health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sec-tor. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REPLACING THE PRESIDENT ’S 
HEALTH CARELAW.—It is the policy of this 
resolution that the President’s health care law must not only be repealed, but also re-placed by enacting the American Health Care Reform Act. 
SEC. 603. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 50 million Americans depend 
on Medicare for their health security. 
(2) The Medicare Trustees Report has re-
peatedly recommended that Medicare’s long- term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial con-dition of Medicare becomes more precarious and the threat to those in or near retirement becomes more pronounced. According to the Medicare Trustees Report— (A) the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will 
be exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay sched-uled benefits; 
(B) Medicare enrollment is expected to in-
crease by over 50 percent in the next two decades, as 10,000 baby boomers reach retire-ment age each day; 
(C) enrollees remain in Medicare three 
times longer than at the outset of the pro-gram; 
(D) current workers’ payroll contributions 
pay for current beneficiaries; 
(E) in 2013, the ratio was 3.2 workers per 
beneficiary, but this falls to 2.3 in 2030 and continues to decrease over time; 
(F) most Medicare beneficiaries receive 
about three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
(G) Medicare spending is growing faster 
than the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 Long- Term Budget Outlook, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross do-mestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
(3) Failing to address this problem will 
leave millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger gen-erations burdened with enormous debt to pay for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICARE REFORM .—It is the 
policy of this resolution to protect those in or near retirement from any disruptions to their Medicare benefits and offer future beneficiaries the same health care options available to Members of Congress. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This resolution assumes 
reform of the Medicare program such that: 
(1) Current Medicare benefits are preserved 
for those in or near retirement. 
(2) For future generations, when they 
reach eligibility, Medicare is reformed to provide a premium support payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage op-tions from which recipients can choose a plan that best suits their needs. 
(3) Medicare will maintain traditional fee- 
for-service as an option. 
(4) Medicare will provide additional assist-
ance for lower-income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks. 
(5) Medicare spending is put on a sustain-
able path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the long-term. 
(6) The Medicare eligibility age is gradu-
ally increased to keep pace with increases in longevity. 
(7) Medicare is simplified by combining 
parts A and B and reforms to Medigap plans are implemented. 
SEC. 604. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICAID 
STATE FLEXIBILITY BLOCK GRANTS. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Med-
icaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) should be block granted to the States in a manner prescribed by the State Health Flexibility Act. 
SEC. 605. POLICY STATEMENT ON SOCIAL SECU-
RITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 55 million retirees, individ-
uals with disabilities, and survivors depend on Social Security. Since enactment, Social Security has served as a vital leg on the ‘‘three-legged stool’’ of retirement security, which includes employer provided pensions as well as personal savings. 
(2) The Social Security Trustees Report 
has repeatedly recommended that Social Se-curity’s long-term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial condition of Social Security be-comes more precarious and the threat to sen-iors and those receiving Social Security dis-ability benefits becomes more pronounced: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1954 March 25, 2015 
(A) In 2016, the Disability Insurance Trust 
Fund will be exhausted and program reve-nues will be unable to pay scheduled bene-fits. 
(B) In 2033, the combined Old-Age and Sur-
vivors and Disability Trust Funds will be ex-hausted, and program revenues will be un-able to pay scheduled benefits. 
(C) With the exhaustion of the Trust Funds 
in 2033, benefits will be cut nearly 25 percent across the board, devastating those cur-rently in or near retirement and those who rely on Social Security the most. 
(3) The recession and continued low eco-
nomic growth have exacerbated the looming fiscal crisis facing Social Security. The most recent CBO projections find that Social Se-
curity will run cash deficits of $1.7 trillion over the next 10 years. 
(4) Lower-income Americans rely on Social 
Security for a larger proportion of their re-tirement income. Therefore, reforms should take into consideration the need to protect lower-income Americans’ retirement secu-rity. 
(5) The Disability Insurance program pro-
vides an essential income safety net for those with disabilities and their families. According to the Congressional Budget Of-fice (CBO), between 1970 and 2012, the number of people receiving disability benefits (both disabled workers and their dependent family members) has increased by over 300 percent from 2.7 million to over 10.9 million. This in-crease is not due strictly to population growth or decreases in health. David Autor and Mark Duggan have found that the in-crease in individuals on disability does not reflect a decrease in self-reported health. CBO attributes program growth to changes in demographics, changes in the composition of the labor force and compensation, as well as Federal policies. 
(6) If this program is not reformed, fami-
lies who rely on the lifeline that disability benefits provide will face benefit cuts of up to 25 percent in 2016, devastating individuals who need assistance the most. 
(7) In the past, Social Security has been re-
formed on a bipartisan basis, most notably by the ‘‘Greenspan Commission’’ which helped to address Social Security shortfalls for over a generation. 
(8) Americans deserve action by the Presi-
dent, the House, and the Senate to preserve and strengthen Social Security. It is critical that bipartisan action be taken to address the looming insolvency of Social Security. In this spirit, this resolution creates a bipar-tisan opportunity to find solutions by requir-ing policymakers to ensure that Social Secu-rity remains a critical part of the safety net. 
(b) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY .—It is the 
policy of this resolution that Congress should work on a bipartisan basis to make Social Security sustainably solvent. This resolution assumes these reforms will in-clude the following: 
(1) Adoption of a more accurate measure 
for calculating cost of living adjustments. 
(2) Adoption of adjustments to the full re-
tirement age to reflect longevity. 
(3) Makes Social Security benefits more 
progressive over the long term, providing those most in need with a safety net in re-tirement. 
(c) P
OLICY ON DISABILITY INSURANCE .—It is 
the policy of this resolution that Congress and the President should enact legislation on a bipartisan basis to reform the Disability Insurance program prior to its insolvency in 2016 and should not raid the Social Security retirement system without reforms to the Disability Insurance system. This resolu-tions assumes that reforms to the Disability Insurance program will include— 
(1) encouraging work; (2) updates of the eligibility rules; (3) reducing fraud and abuse; and 
(4) enactment of H.R. 918, the Social Secu-
rity Disability Insurance and Unemployment Benefits Double Dip Elimination Act, to pro-hibit individuals from drawing benefits from both programs at the same time. 
SEC. 606. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEANS-TESTED 
WELFARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that: 
(1) Too many people are trapped at the bot-
tom rungs of the economic ladder, and every citizen should have the opportunity to rise, escape from poverty, and achieve their own potential. 
(2) In 1996, President Bill Clinton and con-
gressional Republicans enacted reforms that have moved families off of Federal programs and enabled them to provide for themselves. 
(3) According to the most recent projec-
tions, over the next 10 years we will spend approximately $9.7 trillion on means-tested welfare programs. 
(4) Today, there are approximately 92 Fed-
eral programs that provide benefits specifi-cally to poor and low-income Americans. 
(5) Taxpayers deserve clear and trans-
parent information on how well these pro-grams are working, and how much the Fed-eral Government is spending on means-test-ed welfare. 
(6) It should be the goal of welfare pro-
grams to encourage work and put people on a path to self-reliance. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEANS -TESTED WELFARE PRO-
GRAMS .—It is the policy of this resolution 
that— 
(1) the welfare system should be reformed 
to give states flexibility to implement and improve safety net programs and that to be eligible for benefits, able bodied adults with-out dependents should be required to work or be preparing for work, including enrolling in educational or job training programs, con-tributing community service, or partici-pating in a supervised job search; and 
(2) the President’s budget should disclose, 
in a clear and transparent manner, the ag-gregate amount of Federal welfare expendi-tures, as well as an estimate of State and local spending for this purpose, over the next ten years. 
SEC. 607. POLICY STATEMENT ON REFORM OF 
THE SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION AS-SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) SNAP.—It is the policy of the resolu-
tion that the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program be reformed so that: 
(1) Nutrition assistance funds should be 
distributed to the states as a block grant with funding subject to the annual discre-tionary appropriations process. 
(2) Funds from the grant must be used by 
the states to establish and maintain a work activation program for able-bodied adults without dependents. 
(3) It is the goal of this proposal to move 
those in need off of the assistance rolls and back into the workforce and towards self-suf-ficiency. 
(4) In the House, the chair of the Com-
mittee on the Budget is permitted to revise allocations, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels, including discretionary limits, accordingly. 
(b) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This resolution assumes 
that, pending the enactment of reforms de-scribed in (a), the conversion of the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program into a flexible State allotment tailored to meet each State’s needs. 
SEC. 608. POLICY STATEMENT ON WORK RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
work requirements in the Temporary Assist-ance for Needy Families block grant pro-gram should be preserved as called for in H.R. 890, 113th Congress. SEC. 609. POLICY STATEMENT ON A CARBON TAX. 
It is the policy of this resolution that a 
carbon tax would be detrimental to Amer-ican families and businesses, and is not in the best interest of the United States. 
SEC. 610. POLICY STATEMENT ON REGULATION 
OF GREENHOUSE GASES BY THE EN-VIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGEN-
CY. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
Environmental Protection Agency should be prohibited from promulgating any regula-tion concerning, taking action relating to, or taking into consideration the emission of a greenhouse gas to address climate change. 
SEC. 611. POLICY STATEMENT ON ECONOMIC 
GROWTH AND JOB CREATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Although the United States economy 
technically emerged from recession more than 5 years ago, the subsequent recovery has felt more like a malaise than a rebound. Real gross domestic product GDP growth over the past 5 years has averaged slightly more than 2 percent, well below the 3.2 per-cent historical trend rate of growth in the United States. Although the economy has shown some welcome signs of improvement of late, the Nation remains in the midst of the weakest economic recovery of the mod-ern era. 
(2) Looking ahead, CBO expects the econ-
omy to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of eco-nomic growth is simply unacceptable and in-sufficient to expand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middle-income Ameri-cans. 
(3) Sluggish economic growth has also con-
tributed to the country’s fiscal woes. Subpar growth means that revenue levels are lower than they would otherwise be while govern-ment spending (e.g. welfare and income-sup-port programs) is higher. Clearly, there is a dire need for policies that will spark higher rates of economic growth and greater, high-er-quality job opportunities 
(4) Although job gains have been trending 
up of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for instance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Long-term unemployment also remains a problem. Of the roughly 8.7 million people who are currently unemployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unem-ployed for more than 6 months. Long-term unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportuni-ties. It also undermines the long-term pro-ductive capacity of the economy. 
(5) Perhaps most important, wage gains 
and income growth have been subpar for middle-class Americans. Average hourly earnings of private-sector workers have in-creased by just 1.6 percent over the past year. Prior to the recession, average hourly earnings were tracking close to 4 percent. Likewise, average income levels have re-mained flat in recent years. Real median household income is just under $52,000, one of the lowest levels since 1995. 
(6) The unsustainable fiscal trajectory has 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic outlook. investors and businesses make deci-sions on a forward-looking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply to-morrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it gen-erates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
(7) Nearly all economists, including those 
at the CBO, conclude that reducing budget deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1955 March 25, 2015 
creates long-term economic benefits because 
it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. 
(8) CBO analyzed the House Republican fis-
cal year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
(9) In contrast, if the Government remains 
on the current fiscal path, future genera-tions will face ever-higher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowd-ing out’’ of private investment. This dy-namic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a diminution in our country’s standard of living. 
(10) The key economic challenge is deter-
mining how to expand the economic pie, not how best to divide up and re-distribute a shrinking pie. 
(11) A stronger economy is vital to low-
ering deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
(12) This budget resolution therefore em-
braces pro-growth policies, such as funda-mental tax reform, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
(b) P
OLICY ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB 
CREATION .—It is the policy of this resolution 
to promote faster economic growth and job creation. By putting the budget on a sustain-able path, this resolution ends the debt- fueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and expanding opportunity for all Americans. 
SEC. 612. POLICY STATEMENT ON TAX REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A world-class tax system should be sim-
ple, fair, and promote (rather than impede) economic growth. The United States tax code fails on all three counts – it is notori-ously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity dis-torts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
(2) Over the past decade alone, there have 
been more than 4,400 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special preferences, exclusions, or deduc-tions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
(3) The large amount of tax preferences 
that pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much higher tax rates to raise a given amount of revenue. 
(4) It is estimated that American taxpayers 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code – a waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
(5) Standard economic theory shows that 
high marginal tax rates dampen the incen-tives to work, save, and invest, which re-duces economic output and job creation. Lower economic output, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal 
tax rates. 
(6) Roughly half of United States active 
business income and half of private sector employment are derived from business enti-ties (such as partnerships, S corporations, and sole proprietorships) that are taxed on a ‘‘pass-through’’ basis, meaning the income flows through to the tax returns of the indi-vidual owners and is taxed at the individual rate structure rather than at the corporate rate. Small businesses, in particular, tend to choose this form for Federal tax purposes, and the top Federal rate on such small busi-ness income reaches 44.6 percent. For these reasons, sound economic policy requires low-ering marginal rates on these pass-through entities. 
(7) The United States corporate income tax 
rate (including Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to just over 39 percent, the high-est rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates this high suppress wages and discour-age investment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American busi-nesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign competitors. 
(8) By deterring potential investment, the 
United States corporate tax restrains eco-nomic growth and job creation. The United States tax rate differential with other coun-tries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational corporate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, destroying 
American jobs, and decreasing corporate rev-enue. 
(9) The ‘‘worldwide’’ structure of United 
States international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, putting them at a significant competitive disadvantage with competitors with more competitive international tax systems. 
(10) Reforming the United States tax code 
to a more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States companies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
(11) The tax code imposes costs on Amer-
ican workers through lower wages, on con-sumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished returns. 
(12) Revenues have averaged about 17.5 per-
cent of the economy throughout modern American history. Revenues rise above this level under current law to 18.3 percent of the economy by the end of the 10-year budget window. 
(13) Attempting to raise revenue through 
tax increases to meet out-of-control spend-ing would damage the economy. 
(14) This resolution also rejects the idea of 
instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a ‘‘new’’ source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the economy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
(15) Closing tax loopholes to fund spending 
does not constitute fundamental tax reform. 
(16) The goal of tax reform should be to 
curb or eliminate loopholes and use those savings to lower tax rates across the board— not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Tax reform should be revenue-neu-tral and should not be an excuse to raise taxes on the American people. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue prob-lem. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TAXREFORM .—It is the pol-
icy of this resolution that Congress should enact legislation that provides for a com-prehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote economic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, investors, and workers through fundamental tax reform that is rev-enue-neutral on a dynamic basis that pro-vides for the following: (1) Targets revenue neutrality (relative to 
CBO’s baseline revenue projection) based on a dynamic score that takes into account the macroeconomic effects of reform. 
(2) Collapses the current seven brackets for 
individuals into just two, with a top rate of 25 percent. 
(3) Simplifies the tax code to ensure that 
fewer Americans will be required to itemize deductions. 
(4) Gives equal tax treatment to individual 
and employer healthcare expenditures mod-eled on the American Health Care Reform Act. 
(5) Encourages charitable giving. (6) Repeals the Death Tax. (7) Eliminates marriage penalties and en-
courages families. 
(8) Repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax. (9) Reforms the current Earned Income Tax 
Credit (EITC) that is given in a yearly lump- sum payment and replaces it with a program that would allow workers to exempt a por-tion of their payroll taxes every month. 
(10) Reduces double taxation by lowering 
the top corporate rate to 25 percent and set-ting a maximum long-term capital gains tax rate at 15 percent. 
(11) Sets a maximum dividend tax rate at 
15 percent. 
(12) Encourages net investment, savings, 
and entrepreneurial activity. 
(13) Moves to a competitive international 
system of taxation. 
(14) Ends distortionary special interest 
giveaways, such as the Wind Production Tax Credit. 
SEC. 613. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Opening foreign markets to American 
exports is vital to the United States econ-omy and beneficial to American workers and consumers. The Commerce Department esti-mates that every $1 billion of United States exports supports more than 5,000 jobs here at home. 
(2) A modern and competitive inter-
national tax system would facilitate global commerce for United States multinational companies and would encourage foreign busi-ness investment and job creation in the United States 
(3) The United States currently has an an-
tiquated system of international taxation whereby United States multinationals oper-ating abroad pay both the foreign-country tax and United States corporate taxes. They are essentially taxed twice. This puts them at an obvious competitive disadvantage. 
(4) The ability to defer United States taxes 
on their foreign operations, which some erro-neously refer to as a ‘‘tax loophole,’’ cush-ions this disadvantage to a certain extent. Eliminating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United 
States competitiveness. 
(5) This budget resolution advocates funda-
mental tax reform that would lower the United States corporate rate, now the high-est in the industrialized world, and switch to a more competitive system of international taxation. This would make the United States a much more attractive place to invest and station business activity and would chip away at the incentives for United States companies to keep their profits overseas (be-cause the United States corporate rate is so high). 
(6) The status quo of the current tax code 
undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. 
(7) Global trade and commerce is not a 
zero-sum game. The idea that global expan-sion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States op-erations is incorrect. Foreign-affiliate activ-ity tends to complement, not substitute for, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1956 March 25, 2015 
key parent activities in the United States 
such as employment, worker compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals invest and ex-pand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
(8) American businesses and workers have 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competi-tion. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TRADE .—It is the policy of 
this resolution to pursue international trade, global commerce, and a modern and competi-tive United States international tax system in order to promote job creation in the United States. 
SEC. 614. POLICY STATEMENT ON ENERGY PRO-
DUCTION. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) and currently unavailable areas of the Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) should be open for energy exploration and production. To en-sure States’ rights, states are given the op-tion to withdrawal from leasing within cer-tain areas of the OCS. Specifically, a State, through enactment of a State statute, may withdrawal from leasing from all or part of any area within 75 miles of that State’s coast. 
SEC. 615. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL REG-
ULATORY POLICY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Excessive regulation at the Federal 
level has hurt job creation and dampened the economy, slowing our recovery from the eco-nomic recession. 
(2) In the first two months of 2014 alone, 
the Administration issued 13,166 pages of reg-ulations imposing more than $13 billion in compliance costs on job creators and adding more than 16 million hours of compliance pa-perwork. 
(3) The Small Business Administration es-
timates that the total cost of regulations is as high as $1.75 trillion per year. Since 2009, the White House has generated over $494 bil-lion in regulatory activity, with an addi-tional $87.6 billion in regulatory costs cur-rently pending. 
(4) The Dodd-Frank financial services leg-
islation (Public Law 111–203) resulted in more than $17 billion in compliance costs and saddled job creators with more than 58 million hours of compliance paperwork. 
(5) Implementation of the Affordable Care 
Act to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the pri-vate sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the states. 
(6) The highest regulatory costs come from 
rules issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA); these regulations are pri-marily targeted at the coal industry. In Sep-tember 2013, the EPA proposed a rule regu-lating greenhouse gas emissions from new coal-fired power plants. The proposed stand-ards are unachievable with current commer-cially available technology, resulting in a de-facto ban on new coal-fired power plants. Additional regulations for existing coal plants are expected in the summer of 2014. 
(7) Coal-fired power plants provide roughly 
forty percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal in-dustry with costly and unachievable regula-tions will increase energy prices, dispropor-tionately disadvantaging energy-intensive industries like manufacturing and construc-tion, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class fam-ilies already struggling to pay their bills. 
(8) Three hundred and thirty coal units are 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the de-facto pro-hibition on new plants, these retirements 
and conversions may further increase the cost of electricity. 
(9) A recent study by Purdue University es-
timates that electricity prices in Indiana will rise 32 percent by 2023, due in part to EPA regulations. 
(10) The Heritage Foundation recently 
found that a phase out of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross domestic product decrease of $2.23 trillion over the entire period and re-ducing the income of a family of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsyl-vania, Michigan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL REGULATION .—It is 
the policy of this resolution that Congress should, in consultation with the public bur-dened by excessive regulation, enact legisla-tion that— 
(1) seeks to promote economic growth and 
job creation by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Fed-eral regulations; 
(2) pursues a cost-effective approach to 
regulation, without sacrificing environ-mental, health, safety benefits or other bene-fits, rejecting the premise that economic growth and environmental protection create an either/or proposition; 
(3) ensures that regulations do not dis-
proportionately disadvantage low-income Americans through a more rigorous cost- benefit analysis, which also considers who will be most affected by regulations and whether the harm caused is outweighed by the potential harm prevented; 
(4) ensures that regulations are subject to 
an open and transparent process, rely on sound and publicly available scientific data, and that the data relied upon for any par-ticular regulation is provided to Congress immediately upon request; 
(5) frees the many commonsense energy 
and water projects currently trapped in com-plicated bureaucratic approval processes; 
(6) maintains the benefits of landmark en-
vironmental, health safety, and other stat-utes while scaling back this administration’s heavy-handed approach to regulation, which has added $494 billion in mostly ideological regulatory activity since 2009, much of which flies in the face of these statutes’ intended purposes; and 
(7) seeks to promote a limited government, 
which will unshackle our economy and cre-ate millions of new jobs, providing our Na-tion with a strong and prosperous future and expanding opportunities for the generations to come. 
(8) Requires congressional approval of all 
new major regulations (those with an impact of $50 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from becoming law, which would keep Congress engaged as to pending regu-latory policy and prevent costly and unsound policies from being implemented and becom-ing effective. 
SEC. 616. POLICY STATEMENT ON HIGHER EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE DEVELOP-MENT OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS ON HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
House finds the following: 
(1) A well-educated workforce is critical to 
economic, job, and wage growth. 
(2) Roughly 20 million students are en-
rolled in American colleges and universities. 
(3) Over the past decade, tuition and fees 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. Between the 2004-2005 Academic Year and the 2014-2015 Academic Year— (A) published tuition and fees at public 4- 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; 
(B) published tuition and fees at public 
two-year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
(C) published tuition and fees at private 
nonprofit 4-year colleges and universities in-creased at an average rate of 2.2 percent per year above the rate of inflation. 
(4) Federal financial aid for higher edu-
cation has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent be-tween fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
(5) This spending has failed to make col-
lege more affordable. 
(6) In his 2012 State of the Union Address, 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
(7) American students are chasing ever-in-
creasing tuition with ever-increasing debt. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, student debt now stands at nearly 
$1.2 trillion. This makes student loans the second largest balance of consumer debt, after mortgage debt. 
(8) Students are carrying large debt loads 
and too many fail to complete college or end up defaulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
(9) Based on estimates from the Congres-
sional Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent year in the current budget window. 
(10) Failing to address these problems will 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
(b) P
OLICY ON HIGHER EDUCATION AFFORD -
ABILITY .—It is the policy of this resolution to 
address the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
(1) targeting Federal financial aid to those 
most in need; 
(2) streamlining programs that provide aid 
to make them more effective; 
(3) maintaining the maximum Pell grant 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and 
(4) removing regulatory barriers in higher 
education that act to restrict flexibility and innovative teaching, particularly as it re-lates to non-traditional models such as on-line coursework and competency-based learning. 
(c) F
INDINGS ON WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT .—The House finds the following: 
(1) 8.7 million Americans are currently un-
employed. 
(2) Despite billions of dollars in spending, 
those looking for work are stymied by a bro-ken workforce development system that fails to connect workers with assistance and em-ployers with trained personnel. 
(3) The House Education and Workforce 
Committee successfully consolidated 15 job training programs in the recently enacted Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
(d) P
OLICY ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
It is the policy of this resolution to address the failings in the current workforce devel-opment system, by— 
(1) further streamlining and consolidating 
Federal job training programs; and 
(2) empowering states with the flexibility 
to tailor funding and programs to the spe-cific needs of their workforce, including the development of career scholarships. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1957 March 25, 2015 
SEC. 617. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL 
FUNDING OF ABORTION. 
It is the policy of this resolution that no 
taxpayer dollars shall go to any entity that provides abortion services. 
SEC. 618. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRANSPOR-
TATION REFORM. 
It is the policy of this resolution that 
State and local officials are in a much better position to understand the needs of local commuters, not bureaucrats in Washington. Federal funding for transportation should be 
phased down and limited to core Federal du-ties, including the interstate highway sys-tem, transportation infrastructure on Fed-eral land, responding to emergencies, and re-search. As the level of Federal responsibility for transportation is reduced, Congress should also concurrently reduce the Federal gas tax. 
SEC. 619. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEPARTMENT 
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For years, there has been serious con-
cern regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and continuous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
(2) In 2014, reports started breaking across 
the Nation that VA medical centers were manipulating wait-list documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate resignation of then-Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
(3) In 2015, for the first time ever, VA 
health care was added to the ‘‘high-risk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
(4) In response to the scandal, the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held several oversight hearings and ultimately enacted the Veterans’ Access, Choice and Account-ability Act of 2014 (VACAA) (Public Law 113– 146) to address these problems. VACAA pro-vided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced access to private-sector health care under the new Veterans Choice Program. 
(b) P
OLICY ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS .—This budget supports the 
continued oversight efforts by the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ensure the VA is not only transparent and account-able, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and benefits to America’s veterans. The Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor the VA’s progress to ensure resources pro-vided by Congress are sufficient and effi-ciently used to provide needed benefits and services to veterans. 
SEC. 620. POLICY STATEMENT ON REDUCING UN-
NECESSARY, WASTEFUL, AND UNAU-THORIZED SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) is required by law to identify exam-ples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified doz-ens of such examples. 
(2) In its report to Congress on Govern-
ment Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that address-ing the identified waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to tens of billions of dollars of additional sav-ings.’’ 
(3) In 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 the GAO 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs includ-ing— (A) two hundred nine Science, Technology, 
Engineering, and Mathematics education programs in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
(B) two hundred separate Department of 
Justice crime prevention and victim services grant programs with an annual cost of $3.9 billion in 2010; 
(C) twenty different Federal entities ad-
minister 160 housing programs and other forms of Federal assistance for housing with a total cost of $170 billion in 2010; 
(D) seventeen separate Homeland Security 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 billion between fiscal year 2011 and 2012; 
(E) fourteen grant and loan programs, and 
three tax benefits to reduce diesel emissions; 
(F) ninety-four different initiatives run by 
11 different agencies to encourage ‘‘green building’’ in the private sector; and 
(G) twenty-three agencies implemented ap-
proximately 670 renewable energy initiatives in fiscal year 2010 at a cost of nearly $15 bil-lion. 
(4) The Federal Government spends more 
than $80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 information technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition fail-ures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
(5) GAO has identified strategic sourcing as 
a potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings an-nually. 
(6) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
(7) Under clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, each standing committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its es-tablishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management in Government programs. 
(8) According to the Congressional Budget 
Office, by fiscal year 2015, 32 laws will expire, possibly resulting in $693 billion in unauthor-
ized appropriations. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of program justification and effectiveness. 
(9) The findings resulting from congres-
sional oversight of Federal Government pro-grams should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REDUCING UNNECESSARY , 
WASTEFUL , ANDUNAUTHORIZED SPENDING .— 
(1) Each authorizing committee annually 
should include in its Views and Estimates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget of programs within the jurisdiction of such committee whose funding should be reduced or eliminated. 
(2) Committees of jurisdiction should re-
view all unauthorized programs funded through annual appropriations to determine if the programs are operating efficiently and effectively. 
(3) Committees should reauthorize those 
programs that in the committees’ judgment should continue to receive funding. 
(4) For those programs not reauthorized by 
committees, the House of Representatives should enforce the limitations on funding such unauthorized programs in the House rules. If the strictures of the rules are deemed to be too rapid in prohibiting spend-ing on unauthorized programs, then milder measures should be adopted and enforced until a return to the full prohibition of clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House. SEC. 621. POLICY STATEMENT ON BALANCED 
BUDGET AMENDMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Federal Government collects ap-
proximately $3 trillion annually in taxes, but spends more than $3.5 trillion to maintain the operations of government. The Federal Government must borrow 14 cents of every Federal dollar spent. 
(2) At the end of the year 2014, the national 
debt of the United States was more than $18.1 trillion. 
(3) A majority of States have petitioned 
the Federal Government to hold a Constitu-tional Convention for the consideration of adopting a Balanced Budget Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
(4) Forty-nine States have fiscal limita-
tions in their State Constitutions, including the requirement to annually balance the budget. 
(5) H.J. Res. 2, sponsored by Rep. Robert W. 
Goodlatte (R-VA), was considered by the House of Representatives on November 18, 2011, though it received 262 aye votes, it did not receive the two-thirds required for pas-sage. 
(6) Numerous balanced budget amendment 
proposals have been introduced on a bipar-tisan basis in the House. Twelve were intro-duced in the 113th Congress alone, including H.J. Res. 4 by Democratic Representative John J. Barrow of Georgia, and H.J. Res. 38 by Republican Representative Jackie Walorski of Indiana. 
(7) The joint resolution providing for a bal-
anced budget amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution referred to in paragraph (5) prohib-ited outlays for a fiscal year (except those for repayment of debt principal) from ex-ceeding total receipts for that fiscal year (except those derived from borrowing) unless Congress, by a three-fifths roll call vote of each chamber, authorizes a specific excess of outlays over receipts. 
(8) In 1995, a balanced budget amendment 
to the U.S. Constitution passed the House with bipartisan support, but failed of passage by one vote in the United States Senate. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that Congress should pass a joint resolution incorporating the provisions set forth in subsection (b), and send such joint resolution to the States for their ap-proval, to amend the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced budget. 
SEC. 622. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE CANCELLA-TION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) According to the most recent estimate 
from the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
(2) These funds represent direct and discre-
tionary spending previously made available by Congress that remains available for ex-penditure. 
(3) In some cases, agencies are granted 
funding and it remains available for obliga-tion indefinitely. 
(4) The Congressional Budget and Impound-
ment Control Act of 1974 requires the Office of Management and Budget to make funds available to agencies for obligation and pro-hibits the Administration from withholding or cancelling unobligated funds unless ap-proved by an Act of Congress. 
(5) Greater congressional oversight is re-
quired to review and identify potential sav-ings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
(b) P
OLICY ON DEFICIT REDUCTION THROUGH  
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BAL-
ANCES .—Congressional committees should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1958 March 25, 2015 
through their oversight activities identify 
and achieve savings through the cancellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of the Government nor reduce or disrupt Fed-eral commitments under programs such as Social Security, veterans’ affairs, national 
security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
(c) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Congress, with the 
assistance of the Government Accountability Office, the Inspectors General, and other ap-propriate agencies should continue to make it a high priority to review unobligated bal-ances and identify savings for deficit reduc-tion. 
SEC. 623. POLICY STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBLE 
STEWARDSHIP OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The budget for the House of Representa-
tives is $188 million less than it was when Republicans became the majority in 2011. 
(2) The House of Representatives has 
achieved significant savings by consolidating operations and renegotiating contracts. 
(b) P
OLICY ON RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP  
OFTAXPAYER DOLLARS .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that: 
(1) The House of Representatives must be a 
model for the responsible stewardship of tax-payer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, con-ferences, utilities, telecommunications, fur-niture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spend-ing. The Committee on House Administra-tion should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and com-mittees of the House, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the op-eration of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
(2) No taxpayer funds may be used to pur-
chase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
(3) Retirement benefits for Members of 
Congress should not include free, taxpayer- funded health care for life. 
SEC. 624. POLICY STATEMENT ON CREATION OF A 
COMMITTEE TO ELIMINATE DUPLI-CATION AND WASTE. 
It is the policy of this resolution that a 
new committee, styled after the post-World War II ‘‘Byrd Committee’’ shall be created to act on GAO’s annual waste and duplication reports as well as Oversight and Government Reform Inspector General reports. 
SEC. 625. POLICY STATEMENT ON BUDGET PROC-
ESS AND BASELINE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) In 1974, after more than 50 years of exec-
utive dominance over fiscal policy, Congress acted to reassert its ‘‘power of the purse’’, and passed the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act. 
(2) The measure explicitly sought to estab-
lish congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important na-tional budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have ac-cess to the most accurate, objective, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
(3) Far from achieving its intended pur-
pose, however, the process has instituted a bias toward higher spending and larger gov-ernment. The behemoth of the Federal Gov-ernment has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through 
high taxation. 
(4) The process does not treat programs 
and policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(5) It assumes extension of spending pro-
grams (of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
(6) Yet it does not assume the extension of 
tax policies in the same way. consequently, extending existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduction, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keeping tax policy the same even though estimating conventions would not re-quire similar treatment of spending pro-grams. 
(7) The original goals set for the congres-
sional process are admirable in their intent, but because the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘re-forms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal complexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, Congress must: 
(1) Restructure the fundamental proce-
dures of budget decision making; 
(2) Reassert Congress’s ‘‘power of the 
purse’’, and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act intended. 
(3) Create greater incentives for lawmakers 
to do budgeting as intended by the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopt-ing a budget resolution every year. 
(4) Encourage more effective control over 
spending, especially currently uncontrolled direct spending. 
(5) Consider innovative fiscal tools such as: 
zero based budgeting, which would require a department or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct spending caps to enhance oversight of auto-matic pilot spending that increases each year without congressional approval. 
(6) Promote efficient and timely budget ac-
tions, so that lawmakers complete their budget actions by the time the new fiscal year begins. 
(7) Provide access to the best analysis of 
economic conditions available and increase awareness of how fiscal policy directly im-pacts overall economic growth and job cre-ation, 
(9) Remove layers of complexity that have 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
(10) Remove existing biases that favor 
higher spending. 
(11) Include procedures by which current 
tax laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of entitlement programs. 
(c) B
UDGET PROCESS REFORM .—Comprehen-
sive budget process reform should also re-move the bias in the baseline against the ex-tension of current tax laws in the following ways: 
(1) Permanent extension of tax laws should 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers; 
(2) For those expiring tax provisions that 
are proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset; and, 
(3) Tax-reform legislation should not in-
clude tax increases just to offset the exten-sion of current tax laws. 
(d) L
EGISLATION .—The Committee on the 
Budget intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the 
congressional budget process more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wise-ly and efficiently. 
SEC. 626. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL AC-
COUNTING METHODOLOGIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Given the thousands of Federal pro-
grams and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a complex undertaking. 
(2) Current methods of accounting leave 
much to be desired in capturing the full scope of government and in presenting infor-mation in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
(3) Most fiscal analysis produced by the 
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is con-ducted over a relatively short time horizon: 
10 or 25 years. While this time frame is useful for most purposes, it fails to consider the fis-cal consequences over the longer term. 
(4) Additionally, current accounting meth-
odology does not provide an analysis of how the Federal Government’s fiscal situation over the long run affects Americans of var-ious age cohorts. 
(5) Another consideration is how Federal 
programs should be accounted for. The ‘‘ac-crual method’’ of accounting records revenue when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred, while the ‘‘cash method’’ records revenue and expenses when cash is actually paid or received. 
(6) The Federal budget accounts for most 
programs using cash accounting. Some pro-grams, however, particularly loan and loan guarantee programs, are accounted for using accrual methods. 
(7) GAO has indicated that accrual ac-
counting may provide a more accurate esti-mation of the Federal Government’s liabil-ities than cash accounting for some pro-grams specifically those that provide some form of insurance. 
(8) Where accrual accounting is used, it is 
almost exclusively calculated by CBO ac-cording to the methodology outlined in the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). CBO uses fair value methodology instead of FCRA to measure the cost of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for example. 
(9) FCRA methodology, however, under-
states the risk and thus the true cost of Fed-eral programs. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being estimated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper matu-rity length. 
(10) The Congressional Budget Office has 
concluded that ‘‘adopting a fair-value ap-proach would provide a more comprehensive way to measure the costs of Federal credit programs and would permit more level com-parisons between those costs and the costs of other forms of federal assistance’’ than the current approach under FCRA. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL ACCOUNTING METH-
ODOLOGIES .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion that Congress should, in consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Governmentwide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American people and their representatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the op-tions best suited to improving it. Such re-forms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
(1) Providing additional metrics to en-
hance our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of various age cohorts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1959 March 25, 2015 
(2) Expanding the use of accrual account-
ing where appropriate. 
(3) Accounting for certain Federal credit 
programs using fair value accounting as op-posed to the current approach under the Fed-eral Credit Reform Act of 1990. 
SEC. 627. POLICY STATEMENT ON 
SCOREKEEPING FOR OUTYEAR BUDGETARY EFFECTS IN APPRO-PRIATION ACTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Section 302 of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974 directs the Committee on the Budget to provide an allocation of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the budget year covered by a con-current resolution on the budget. 
(2) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided by the Committee on the Budget to the Committee on Appropriations covers a period of one fiscal year only, which is effec-tive for the budget year. 
(3) An appropriation Act, joint resolution, 
amendment thereto or conference report thereon may contain changes to programs that result in direct budgetary effects that occur beyond the budget year and beyond the period for which the allocation of budgetary resources provided by the Committee on the Budget is effective. 
(4) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions does not currently anticipate or cap-ture direct outyear budgetary effects to pro-grams. 
(5) Budget enforcement could be improved 
by capturing the direct outyear budgetary effects caused by appropriation Acts and using this information to determine the ap-propriate allocations of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropriations when considering future concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
the House of Representatives to more effec-tively allocate budgetary resources and ac-curately enforce budget targets by agreeing to a procedure by which the Committee on the Budget should consider the direct out-year budgetary effects of changes to manda-tory programs enacted in appropriations bills, joint resolutions, amendments thereto or conference reports thereon when setting the allocation of budgetary resources for the Committee on Appropriations in a concur-
rent resolution on the budget. The relevant committees of jurisdiction are directed to consult on a procedure during fiscal year 2016 and include recommendations for imple-menting such procedure in the fiscal year 2017 concurrent resolution on the budget. 
SEC. 628. POLICY STATEMENT ON AGENCY FEES 
AND SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A number of Federal agencies and orga-
nizations have permanent authority to col-lect fees and other offsetting collections and to spend these collected funds. 
(2) The total amount of offsetting fees and 
offsetting collections is estimated by the Of-fice of Management and Budget to be $525 billion in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) Agency budget justifications are, in 
some cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting collections or fees. This lack of transparency prevents effective and account-able government. 
(b) P
OLICY ON AGENCY FEES AND SPEND -
ING.—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Congress should enact legislation requiring programs that are fund-ed through fees, offsetting receipts, or offset-ting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may 
arise from— 
(1) legislation originating from the author-
izing committee of jurisdiction for the agen-cy or program; or 
(2) fee and account specific allocations in-
cluded in annual appropriation Acts. 
SEC. 629. NO BUDGET, NO PAY. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Con-
gress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, a House of Congress has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the payroll administrator of that House should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113-3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and place in an escrow account all compensation otherwise required to be made for Members of that House of Congress. Withheld com-pensation should be released to Members of that House of Congress the earlier of the day on which that House of Congress agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursu-ant to section 301 of the Congressional Budg-et Act of 1974, or the last day of that Con-gress. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
today, I rise in strong support of the Blueprint for a Balanced Budget, the Republican Study Committee’s sub-stitute amendment that will expand opportunities for middle class families, grow our economy, and strengthen our national defense. 
First of all, I want to say I appre-
ciate Chairman P
RICE and his hard 
work on the budget that is being pre-sented from the Republican Con-ference, and I am looking forward to the continued debate as we make sure that we look forward to strengthening our economy and America. 
Mr. Chairman, it is very clear we are 
on the wrong path. Despite improving indicators, folks across the country know that our economic recovery has been sluggish at best. Over 90 million Americans are not participating in the workforce, wages are stagnant, and businesses are struggling with the un-certainty about what new tax or regu-lation is waiting for them just around the corner. 
No matter how many stimulus pack-
ages, shovel-ready jobs, and summer recoveries the President promises, things aren’t getting better fast enough. Unfortunately, on many fronts the fundamentals are getting worse. 
Since President Obama took office, 
our national debt has increased by 70 percent and has now soared past $18 trillion. To make matters worse, the President’s recently proposed budget calls for even more taxes and even more spending, and never, ever bal-ances. 
Fortunately, we now have a choice. 
We can continue down the road Presi-dent Obama wants us to with a reck-less tax and spend agenda that will add $8.5 trillion to our debt and does noth-ing to reform our soon-to-be bankrupt 
social safety nets, or we can decide to make the bold and necessary decisions our constituents sent us here to make. 
With the Republican Study Commit-
tee’s blueprint, we can fix our broken system, and we can build a better fu-ture for the American people. We do this by addressing our Nation’s chal-lenges head on. 
First, it is clear we must change 
Washington’s out-of-control spending habits. If we don’t, by 2023, we could be spending more money paying off the in-terest on our debt than we do on our national defense. 
I would like to show you a chart, Mr. 
Chairman. As you can see, under the President’s plan, because of the addic-tion to borrowing, our Federal Govern-ment continues to rack up more inter-est payments year after year. Keep in mind, this is money that we have to pay as a Federal Government, that we cannot go to a line item and say, We are going to cut that particular pay-ment. We have to pay the interest on our debt. This is locked in due to our borrowing. 
In fact, under CBO’s projections, if 
our interest rates on government notes increase by just 1 percent for 10 years, this expense could go up by a whopping $1.75 trillion. 
I would like to show this in par-
ticular. Last year, in the 10-year win-dow, this particular bar is $785 billion alone, much more than what our de-fense spending would cost. 
We have to act, and with the RSC 
blueprint we do. Our budget cuts $7.1 trillion in Federal spending over the next decade and balances the budget in 6 years. The only way we are going to ever start paying our debt is if we get to a balanced budget. 
By enacting commonsense reforms, 
we are able to have a surplus. By year 2021, we will have a surplus so we can start paying that debt down. If you look at the President’s budget, you will never, ever see a balanced budget, and so we will never, ever deal with our debt. 
In addition, our budget puts forward 
a pro-growth set of tax reforms that will make the Tax Code simpler, fairer, and more competitive. We do this by lowering rates and simplifying brack-ets. We reduce taxes on small busi-nesses and corporations, and we en-courage money that is setting overseas to return home by transitioning to a fairer, smarter territorial tax system. 
To get the government out of one- 
sixth of America’s economy, through reconciliation, our plan repeals ObamaCare in full. However, we re-place it. We replace the failed law with the American Health Care Reform Act, a patient-centered, free market, and af-fordable way to provide health care for all Americans. This act allows individ-uals and families to deduct health care costs, expands access to health savings accounts, and creates options and choices for Americans to purchase their coverage across State lines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.006 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1960 March 25, 2015 
Our budget also strengthens national 
defense. Our Federal Government’s pri-mary role, number one constitutional responsibility, is the defense of the Na-tion. By providing our men and women in uniform with $570 billion in our base defense budget, we are able to ensure our military has the resources it needs to meet the challenges of the 21st cen-tury. 
Mr. Chairman, in 1962, discretionary 
programs made up a majority of gov-ernment spending. Today, it is the re-verse. So-called mandatory programs, like we see right here, are on autopilot, and this makes up two-thirds of the budget. As you can see, these programs are on a clock. We can see that Social Security Disability Insurance goes bankrupt in 2016. Social Security re-tirement for Americans all across the country goes bankrupt in 2034. And, of course, Medicare isn’t too far behind that; it is actually in front of Social Security, and goes bankrupt in 2030. 
The clock is ticking, Mr. Chairman, 
and we need to do something sooner rather than later. This is very predict-able and it is very preventable if we act now. The President doesn’t do that. In contrast, our plan does, and it makes the critical structural reforms nec-essary to preserve these entitlement programs for current and future sen-iors. 
Let’s not let the solvable problems of 
today become the causes of decline to-morrow. Let’s stand together and let’s pass a serious budget through a serious conversation that reforms the way Washington operates. Let’s pass a budget that will allow opportunities for middle class families to flourish. Let’s pass a budget that will keep America strong for years to come at home and abroad. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, 
yesterday, we debated the Republican budget proposal as it came to the floor. We saw that even as Americans are working even harder every day, their budget would squeeze them more. It would squeeze middle class families and those working to join the middle class. It would squeeze students trying to get an affordable college education. It would squeeze seniors by imme-diately increasing the cost of prescrip-tion drugs, immediately increasing the cost of copays for preventive health services. 
This budget on the floor today 
squeezes those families even harder, even as both budgets provide another round of windfall tax cuts to the folks at the very top by cutting the top tax rate by over a third as they green light the Romney-Ryan plan. 
This particular budget actually will 
slow down economic growth over the next couple of years, according to the 
Congressional Budget Office. Those are the nonpartisan professionals that ana-lyze these budgets. They looked at the Republican budget and said: You know, it will slow down growth in the next couple of years. 
This particular version of the Repub-
lican budget will do so even more. Why would we want to slow down economic growth just as the trends are picking up? Look, we have got a long way to go to get everybody back to work, but we are on the right path, on the right tra-jectory. Why would we want to put on the brakes, as the Republican budget does, as well as the RSC budget, in the coming years? 
While the Republican budget we had 
on the floor just the other day has no answer, no immediate answer to the pending shortfall in the transportation trust fund, this particular budget unre-servedly just divests the Federal Gov-ernment of responsibility for most highways and transit projects that are currently supported by the Federal budget. 
I will say in closing that there is one 
redeeming quality to this budget, which is that this budget does not play games with the overseas contingency accounts, like the Republican budget brought to the floor by the chairman does. This does not use the so-called ‘‘overseas contingency account’’ as a slush fund. This budget funds defense in the same straightforward way that the President of the United States’ budget does. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I would like to just mention that CBO is actually projecting that our economic growth is going to slow down. That is happening under this ad-ministration’s policies, and it is not helping Americans recover as quickly as possible. This is a serious budget that does deal with those challenges, and it is straightforward. We believe we have to get to a balanced budget sooner rather than later so we can have a stronger economy. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ), chairman of the RSC. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support the Republican Study Committee budget for fiscal year 2016. 
I also want to thank my friend, the 
gentleman from Indiana, for the great work that he has done in crafting the blueprint for a balanced budget, a ro-bust and responsible plan to tackle $18 trillion of national debt, along with the over $100 trillion of unfunded obliga-tions, which are crippling the futures of millions of hard-working Americans, their children, and their grandchildren. 
I also want to thank Chairman P
RICE 
and the Budget Committee for their great work on the Conference budget. But today, I am proud to support the budget proposal put forth by the Re-publican Study Committee. 
The RSC budget will balance the Fed-
eral budget in just 6 years, providing a better future for our children and our 
grandchildren. It also reduces rampant government overspending by $7.1 tril-lion compared to current policy, and it gets rid of redundant and unconstitu-tional government programs that waste billions of precious taxpayer dol-lars. 
Hard-working American families 
know the importance of prioritizing to live within their means, and it is time the Federal Government learned that lesson as well. 
This budget upholds the Congress’ sa-
cred constitutional duty to first pro-vide for our national defense. Main-taining a strong military must be Con-gress’ number one priority, especially in this increasingly dangerous world. 
Our budget follows Ronald Reagan’s 
successful strategy of ‘‘peace through strength’’ for our national security. 
Defense spending should be deter-
mined first and foremost by our secu-rity needs, capabilities, and the threats facing our Nation. Acknowledging that, this plan allocates $570 billion in base defense spending for fiscal year 2016 and provides for a total of $6.4 tril-lion in defense spending over the next decade. 
We also believe that we must work to 
grow America’s economy, not Washing-ton’s bureaucracy. The best way that we can spur growth and encourage job creation is by getting the government out of the way of America’s innovators and entrepreneurs. This means repeal-ing ObamaCare through reconciliation and establishing patient-centered re-forms for better American health care. 
The RSC budget also calls for replac-
ing the current Tax Code with a new pro-growth Tax Code that will benefit all taxpayers and families. We need a simpler, fairer, more competitive Tax Code that will help, not hinder, Amer-ica’s opportunity economy. We also sunset the IRS and we end the death tax. 
Finally, this budget addresses the 
dire state of America’s social safety net programs and puts them back on a path toward solvency and toward doing the right thing for America’s families. 
Unless Congress acts, Medicare will 
be bankrupt by 2013, Social Security retirement will be bankrupt by 2033, and Social Security Disability Insur-ance will be bankrupt next year, in 2016. 
This budget introduces new reforms 
that strengthen America’s social safety net so that it will be here for future generations. And we structure them in such a way to keep families together and to provide ladders of opportunity out of poverty. We don’t keep people trapped in poverty. 
We in Congress have an obligation to 
the American people to live within our means and to be trustworthy stewards of taxpayer dollars. Unfortunately, Washington has fallen short. 
Voting ‘‘yes’’ on the RSC budget is 
an opportunity for this Congress to re-store the trust of the American people and to show that we are carrying out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.036 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1961 March 25, 2015 
the important job that they sent us 
here to do. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on the RSC budget and ‘‘yes’’ again on the House Budget Committee budget. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
now yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), a 
terrific member of the Budget Com-mittee. 
b1500 
Ms. MOORE. Let me thank the rank-
ing member and my colleagues on the other side for the tremendous effort and work that they have put into this budget. 
Mr. Chair, of course, I am opposed to 
the Republican Study Committee budg-et. This is the committee adopted budget on steroids. The Republican Study Committee, to kind of outdo their Republican counterparts, bal-ances this budget in 6 years instead of 10, and it cuts it by $7.1 trillion in just 6 years. 
I can tell you, while I am opposed to 
this budget, I have to commend the Re-publican Study Committee for putting it on the table here in a very trans-parent manner. Rather than raising the defense budget by $9 billion above the President’s budget and putting all of those funds into the OCO account, at least they end the sequester and do it in a transparent, budgetary way. I commend them for that, but I do urge my colleagues to reject this budget. 
This budget raises taxes on the mid-
dle class. It divests in education for our students. It divests in infrastructure improvements for our roads, for our ports, for our bridges. There is much to be said for balancing a budget, but you not only can’t do it on the backs of the poor, the elderly, the infirm, and chil-dren, but on the back of the economy. 
I am also on the Financial Services 
Committee, and we have been warned that growing inequality is not only bad for morale in our country, but it will destroy our economy in the long run. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I will just point out really quickly 
that I appreciate the other side’s com-pliments on how we budget for defense, but let’s remember this, that defense is only 18 percent of the overall Federal Government spending. 
As you see on this pie chart, this is 
defense discretionary spending right here, $596 billion. This is nondefense discretionary spending. The rest of this pie, which is the rest of the $3.5 trillion in Federal Government spending, is un-touched. It is on autopilot. Here is the interest. All of these programs con-tinue to grow. 
If we don’t protect these programs 
and reform them, this is only going to get squeezed more and more. If we want to protect the country, we have to recognize that we are going to have to do it in a way that puts our prior-ities in order. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Thank you, Con-
gressman S TUTZMAN , for yielding me 
this time and for your hard work and leadership on the RSC’s budget task force. Thank you, also, to Chairman F
LORES for his great leadership. 
Mr. Chairman, America’s national 
debt is now well over $18 trillion. Be-cause of out-of-control spending, we add another $1 million to the debt ap-proximately every 30 seconds. The Re-publican Study Committee’s Blueprint for a Balanced Budget takes important steps to rein in our bloated bureauc-racy, cuts unnecessary regulations, and strengthens job creation while it in-creases transparency and oversight. 
Here is our budget proposal. It cuts 
$7.1 trillion in spending over 10 years. It balances the Federal budget in 6 years. Imagine that. 
It repeals ObamaCare and replaces it 
with competitive reforms that will lower costs for all Americans while protecting the relationship between the patient and his doctor. It preserves Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and food stamps through commonsense reforms that bring these programs into the 21st century. It also addresses inad-equacies in President Obama’s budget by providing critical funding for our national security. 
Since I have started speaking, Mr. 
Chairman, we have added $2 million to the national debt. That is insanity. Our Founding Fathers never intended for Washington to provide massive, one- size-fits-all programs that will not cre-ate better opportunities for hard-work-ing, tax-paying Americans. As well, we need to return control back to the States, where local leaders know the best solutions for their local problems. 
As a member of the RSC’s budget 
task force, I am honored to place the 
priorities of North Carolinians ahead of Washington’s tax-and-spend schemes. Please join me in supporting the RSC’s Blueprint for a Balanced Budget, which will restore fiscally accountable prin-ciples to our Federal Government and better opportunities for the American people. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ), a distinguished member of 
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend 
from Maryland for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, about the only thing 
any of the Republican budgets have done in recent years is to cut the def-icit, ignoring altogether the desperate needs and declining wages of the peo-ple. 
This year, the American people will 
give Congress no credit for a budget that does not grow jobs and good wages. The Republican budget cuts growth by 2.5 percent, and it devastates almost 3 million jobs. 
Instead of using a readymade need in 
order to grow good jobs with good wages—the surface transportation bill 
that must be authorized this year—the Republican budget would, for the first time in our history, cut almost all new highway and transit funding. States would be left able to fill potholes but unable to begin a single new project. 
Infrastructure needs must be met at 
some point anyway, so we do ourselves no favor by our serial failure to meet the needs that also have been shown to be the best way to fuel the economy with good jobs. 
There is no magical way to cut our 
way into good jobs and begin to repair income inequality. The old-fashioned, American way of building America’s neglected infrastructure is the best way today, as it was when President Eisenhower initiated the surface trans-portation bill 70 years ago. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time we have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana has 2 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Maryland has 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong support of the Republican Study Committee budget. 
It is a conservative, progrowth docu-
ment that balances in 6 years, that re-peals ObamaCare and replaces it with a patient-centered solution, that stops the President’s lawless executive am-nesty, and that simplifies the Tax Code. The budget also offers common-sense reforms to strengthen America’s entitlement programs. 
The RSC budget accomplishes all of 
this while still fully funding our na-tional security commitments by pro-viding $570 billion in base defense spending, not through budget gim-micks. In a time of weak and uncertain White House leadership on national se-curity, bad actors are given incentive to be more aggressive. We must not underfund our military at this time. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
support the RSC budget and return America to a position of fiscal strength and stability. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. C ASTOR ), a wonderful 
member of the Budget Committee. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I thank my 
colleague, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , for yield-
ing time. 
Mr. Chairman, we are debating the 
Federal budget at a time when America is experiencing an economic recovery— unemployment is down; gas prices are lower, and retirement accounts are healthier—yet that is at risk if the Re-publican budget is adopted. 
It would weaken America’s recovery. 
How? The Republican budget turns its back on what makes America grow and on what makes America strong, includ-ing our students, medical and scientific research, and modern transportation systems and infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.037 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1962 March 25, 2015 
Democrats will offer a more opti-
mistic vision for America that builds on our economic recovery. Democrats want everyone to succeed while Repub-licans shower tax breaks on the wealthy at the expense of hard-working families. 
The people I know and meet work 
hard every day. They value good jobs, good schools, safe communities, and the promise of, when they retire, that they can live their retirement years in dignity. 
The Republican budget is not one for 
the hard-working people of America. The Republican budget is crafted by the special interests for the special in-terests. Republicans stack the deck against working families and small businesses. They refuse to find one tax loophole to close or change. If you are incredibly rich, then you are incredibly lucky because this Republican budget is for you; you pay less. 
If you are like the vast majority of 
Americans, hold on because you are going to pay more. If you are a student who wants to attend college, Repub-licans make it harder by cutting Pell grants and student loans. If you have a job in transportation, infrastructure, or at a port or at an airport, the Re-publican budget could cost you your job. It will, at the very least, put us farther behind. 
If you believe that America should 
remain the world leader in medical re-search and innovation, sorry, as the Republican budget slashes research at 
the National Institutes of Health, at our universities, and at research insti-tutions. 
If you are an older American, the Re-
publicans ask you to pay much more for Medicare and long-term care. Re-publicans take away that secure life-line that has existed for decades since the Democratic Congress passed Medi-care and Medicaid. 
In doing so, the Republicans break 
the promise to older Americans that, after working hard all of your life, you can live your retirement years in dig-nity, without the fear of poverty in your old age; you will pay more. 
The Republican budget is a cynical, 
special interest driven vision of Amer-ica. In contrast, the Democratic budget invests in what makes America great and in what makes America strong. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. One noted 
economist recently advised that Amer-ica has the strongest economy in the developed world right now, but the Re-publican budget puts that at risk in order to boost a special few. 
Therefore, I urge my colleagues to 
support the Democratic plan and what makes America great: a growing, healthy economy; our students; sci-entific research; modern infrastructure in America; and the great promise of our country. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ), a ter-
rific new member of the Budget Com-mittee. 
Mr. MOULTON. I want to thank my 
colleague from Maryland, the great ranking member and leader of the Budget Committee. 
Mr. Chairman, when I took this of-
fice, I vowed to work in a bipartisan fashion, and I am committed to doing that. I have been pleasantly surprised at how many Republicans are willing— even eager—to work across party lines. Unfortunately, that is not the case with the Republican budget before us today. 
The Republican budget not only fails 
to grow our economy, but it deprives many Americans of the resources and support they need to succeed. A budget is a value statement, and it is clear that what the Republicans are pro-posing today is bad for our working families, for our students, and for our veterans. 
I was proud to offer two amendments 
last week during the House Budget Committee markup, addressing issues that should have broad bipartisan sup-port: our veterans and our students. Unbelievably, my Republican col-leagues voted against funding to pro-tect the VA from future government shutdowns and to provide more finan-cial support to help students get the vocational training they need to suc-ceed in a 21st century workplace. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, no 
budget is ever perfect, but the Demo-cratic resolution invests the most in our future by placing American fami-lies, students, and military service-members first. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to how much time re-mains on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland has 4
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing, and the gentleman from Indiana has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Is the gentleman 
prepared to close? 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Yes. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
As I said in my comments earlier, 
this budget suffers from all of the prob-lems that the earlier Republican budg-et suffered from, but it does have one redeeming quality, which is that it does not use the overseas contingency account as a slush fund. It actually funds defense in a straightforward manner. 
In listening to the advocates of this 
budget, I thought maybe their account-ing had been more sound on other fronts, but as I look at it—I look at the Republican budget and how much rev-enue it raises over 10 years, and I look at the Republican study group’s budg-
et, which has the identical amount of revenue over 10 years—what that means is that we see the same budget quackery in claiming to balance be-cause that revenue includes revenue from the Affordable Care Act, almost $1 trillion worth. 
b1515 
It includes the savings from the Af-
fordable Care Act, which both Repub-lican budgets claim to repeal. 
You know what it doesn’t include? It 
does not include the costs of all the tax bills that are coming out of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, including one being marked up today which would entirely get rid of the estate tax, meaning that it will benefit 5,500 peo-ple in this country at the cost of $269 billion a year. Seventy-five percent of this tax break is going to go to the in-heritors of estates valued at more than $20 million. You add that to this budg-et, and it is even more out of balance. 
But it does point to the underlying 
theme in all the Republican budgets, which is let’s give another tax break to the very wealthiest in this country; right? Let’s cut the top rate for mil-lionaires while we squeeze middle class families and those working their way into the middle class. They are going to increase the tax burden on them. 
The chairman of the committee, I 
think he went to Emory University. I think they have got about 5,500 stu-dents, maybe a little bit more under-graduate. This would provide almost $269 billion to a population of 5,500 households in the country—the folks at the very top—while they are cutting our investment in our kids’ education dramatically, while they are cutting our investment in innovation and re-search that has helped power our econ-omy, while they are devolving most of our transportation system away from the Federal Government, even though our Federal transportation system has helped power our economy and make us competitive in this very competitive world. 
So from the budget gimmicks that 
apparently are the same in both budg-ets to the fact that both budgets say to folks at the very top: You know what? We are going to give you another tax break while we squeeze everybody else in America; right? 
They increase the costs of student 
loans. You have got over a trillion dol-lars in student debt. Why would we be increasing the cost of student loans? They are going to start charging stu-dents interest while they are in col-lege. 
They are going to require seniors on 
Medicare to immediately pay more for prescription drugs by reopening the doughnut hole. 
So hard-working families, students 
trying to go to college, seniors who are trying to have a secure retirement, they all get hit on the same day that they provide a huge tax break to 5,500 people. That says it all about what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.040 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1963 March 25, 2015 
both these Republican budgets do. 
They disinvest in our future; they squeeze hard-working families, stu-dents, and seniors, while saying to the folks who are already at the top of the ladder: We are going to give you just one more break. And go ahead and pull up that ladder of opportunity behind you; it doesn’t matter. We are going to leave everybody else behind. 
That is not what America stands for. 
I thought this was the land of oppor-tunity. But while they cut our invest-ment in education, they don’t cut a single tax break for the purpose of re-ducing the deficit, and then they go and claim a balance that is phony. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask everyone to re-
ject both these Republican budgets. They are wrong for the country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would first of all just like to thank 
the RNC members for helping to put this budget together. It is a blueprint for a balanced budget. There are no gimmicks. 
What the gentleman is referring to is 
our revenue line highlights the benefit that Americans receive when we have tax reform. For example, you know, the gimmick that was sold in the health care law was that people were going to pay less in health care costs. I was at a Cracker Barrel a couple of weeks ago in Auburn in my district, and a lady comes up to me and says: Mr. Congressman, I would like to show you my story. I am now paying more in premiums. My premiums doubled. My out-of-pocket expense went from $500 to $5,000. 
That is more than a tax increase, Mr. 
Chairman. 
Our foreign policy is on the wrong 
path; our spending is on the wrong path; our economy is on the wrong path. We have got to get back to prior-ities and recognize, for our country to be strong economically, to be strong with our defense, that we have got to get our budget back into balance to make sure that we can pay off the $18 trillion of debt that our kids have to face. I have two boys, Payton and Pres-ton, 13 and 9 years old. They are going to have to pay the interest on this debt and the debt for years and years to come. 
I ask the Members of this body to 
take a serious look at the RNC budget, and I ask for their support. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be 
postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . VAN HOLLEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that 
this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal year 2015 and for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .— 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 201. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for job 
creation through investments and incentives. 
Sec. 202. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
form the tax system to work for hard working Americans. 
Sec. 203. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
extension of expired or expiring tax provisions. 
Sec. 204. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Medicare improvement. 
Sec. 205. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Medicaid and children’s health improvement. 
Sec. 206. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for ini-
tiatives that benefit children. 
Sec. 207. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for col-
lege affordability and comple-tion. 
Sec. 208. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for a 
competitive workforce. 
Sec. 209. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
America’s veterans and service members. 
Sec. 210. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
modernizing unemployment compensation. 
Sec. 211. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for in-
creasing energy independence and security. 
Sec. 212. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for full 
funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Sec. 213. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
rural counties and schools. 
Sec. 214. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for ad-
ditional funding for the Afford-able Housing Trust Fund. 
Sec. 215. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
health care workforce. 
Sec. 216. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for im-
proving the availability of long- term care services and sup-ports. 
TITLE III—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 301. Direct spending. 
TITLE IV—ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS 
Sec. 401. Point of order against advance ap-
propriations. 
Sec. 402. Adjustments to discretionary 
spending limits. Sec. 403. Costs of emergency needs, Overseas 
Contingency Operations and disaster relief. 
Sec. 404. Budgetary treatment of certain dis-
cretionary administrative ex-penses. 
Sec. 405. Application and effect of changes 
in allocations and aggregates. 
Sec. 406. Reinstatement of pay-as-you-go. Sec. 407. Exercise of rulemaking powers. 
TITLE V—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Sec. 501. Policy of the House on job creation. 
Sec. 502. Policy of the House on surface 
transportation. 
Sec. 503. Policy of the House on tax reform 
that works for hardworking families. 
Sec. 504. Policy of the House on building lad-
ders of opportunity to help hardworking families join the middle class. 
Sec. 505. Policy of the House on women’s 
economic empowerment, and health and safety improvement. 
Sec. 506. Policy of the House on the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 507. Policy of the House on the Federal 
workforce. 
Sec. 508. Policy of the House on a national 
strategy to eradicate poverty and increase opportunity. 
Sec. 509. Policy of the House on rejecting 
the sequester. 
Sec. 510. Policy of the House on Social Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 511. Policy of the House on protecting 
the Medicare guarantee for sen-iors. 
Sec. 512. Policy of the House on affordable 
health care coverage for work-ing families. 
Sec. 513. Policy of the House on Medicaid. 
Sec. 514. Policy of the House on investments 
that help children succeed. 
Sec. 515. Policy of the House on immigration 
reform. 
Sec. 516. Policy of the House on national se-
curity. 
Sec. 517. Policy of the House on climate 
change science. 
Sec. 518. Policy of the House on financial 
consumer protection. 
Sec. 519. Policy of the House on the use of 
taxpayer funds. 
Sec. 520. Policy statement on deficit reduc-
tion through the reduction of unnecessary and wasteful spending. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $2,439,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $2,775,502,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,882,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,989,720,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,114,729,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,251,847,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,398,020,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,561,491,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,783,024,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,010,679,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,426,906,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $11,000,000,000 Fiscal year 2016: $99,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $106,700,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.041 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1964 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2018: $120,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: $132,600,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $144,900,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $150,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $168,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $228,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $286,900,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $341,000,000,000. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the appropriate levels of total new budget authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $2,961,412,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $3,211,302,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,292,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,468,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,650,176,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,828,418,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,993,651,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,162,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,357,628,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,550,966,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,725,021,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the appropriate levels of total budget out-lays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $2,941,778,000,000 Fiscal year 2016: $3,165,536,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $3,288,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $3,422,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,603,529,000,000 Fiscal year 2020: $3,776,636,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,947,247,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $4,138,897,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $4,318,454,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $4,497,245,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $4,685,225,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: -$502,501,000,000 Fiscal year 2016: -$390,034,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$406,643,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$432,965,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$488,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$524,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$549,227,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$577,406,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: -$535,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: -$486,566,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: -$438,319,000,000. (5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The appro-
priate levels of the public debt are as fol-lows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $18,468,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: $19,032,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,667,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $20,347,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $21,074,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $21,836,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $22,625,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $23,426,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $24,206,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $24,963,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $25,659,000,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-
priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2015: $13,360,000,000,000 Fiscal year 2016: $13,815,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,302,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,828,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $15,433,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $16,099,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $16,818,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $17,597,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $18,373,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $19,143,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $19,915,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the appropriate levels of new budget author-ity and outlays for fiscal years 2015 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2015: 
(A) New budget authority, $596,720,000,000. (B) Outlays, $590,195,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $570,380,000,000. (B) Outlays, $582,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,126,000,000. (B) Outlays, $573,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $593,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $575,837,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $601,639,000,000. (B) Outlays, $588,174,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $607,930,000,000. (B) Outlays, $597,134,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $620,245,000,000. (B) Outlays, $606,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $632,525,000,000. (B) Outlays, $622,398,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $645,784,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $659,080,000,000. (B) Outlays, $638,461,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $672,414,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,940,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $56,611,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,492,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $47,443,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,338,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $48,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $50,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,923,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $50,779,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $51,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $52,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,555,000,000. (B) Outlays, $50,595,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $54,647,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,347,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $55,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,232,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $56,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,166,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $29,805,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,612,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $31,059,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,489,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $31,672,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,226,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $32,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,881,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $32,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $32,948,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,619,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $33,606,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $33,030,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $34,279,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $34,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,293,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $35,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,969,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $36,372,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,667,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $5,557,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $5,210,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,933,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $5,587,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,811,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $5,559,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,867,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,491,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,378,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,512,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,673,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $5,641,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,937,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $5,714,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,091,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $5,846,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,927,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $5,966,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,484,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,102,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,652,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $36,453,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,173,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $38,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,239,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $40,024,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,523,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $41,212,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $41,593,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $41,685,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,721,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $42,638,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,611,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,839,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,935,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $43,463,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,510,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $44,133,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,298,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $44,898,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,394,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $45,821,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,222,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $20,856,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,038,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1965 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $21,384,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $22,024,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $25,162,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,954,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $24,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,514,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $22,879,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $21,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,247,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $22,223,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,692,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $22,075,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,525,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $22,692,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,145,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $22,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,168,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $23,003,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,483,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, -$17,323,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$29,458,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $15,582,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $13,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$730,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $14,606,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,487,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $14,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$5,176,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,383,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,656,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $13,902,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$406,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $14,460,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$2,066,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $14,422,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $14,755,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$4,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, $15,425,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$4,736,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $85,569,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,236,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $107,892,000,000. (B) Outlays, $95,061,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $108,674,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,765,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $109,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, $100,611,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $111,250,000,000. (B) Outlays, $102,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $112,563,000,000. (B) Outlays, $103,958,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $114,274,000,000. (B) Outlays, $105,377,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $95,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,192,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $97,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,234,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $99,091,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,058,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $101,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,517,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $17,915,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,346,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $28,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,511,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $13,127,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,794,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $13,677,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,694,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $13,865,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,894,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $13,754,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,758,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $13,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $13,687,000,000. (B) Outlays, $16,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $13,708,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,573,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $13,790,000,000. (B) Outlays, $14,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $13,922,000,000. (B) Outlays, $14,979,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $102,248,000,000. (B) Outlays, $107,566,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $107,660,000,000. (B) Outlays, $101,847,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $121,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $114,742,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $127,556,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,435,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $134,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $130,666,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $139,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, $136,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $142,897,000,000. (B) Outlays, $140,745,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $147,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $144,868,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $151,609,000,000. (B) Outlays, $148,664,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $153,238,000,000. (B) Outlays, $152,731,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $154,178,000,000. (B) Outlays, $155,116,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $487,040,000,000. (B) Outlays, $481,126,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $515,793,000,000. (B) Outlays, $529,317,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $565,428,000,000. (B) Outlays, $567,738,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $590,501,000,000. (B) Outlays, $592,459,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $616,322,000,000. (B) Outlays, $617,964,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $647,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, $638,478,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $667,158,000,000. (B) Outlays, $667,120,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $701,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $700,370,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $734,468,000,000. (B) Outlays, $734,075,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $770,027,000,000. (B) Outlays, $769,587,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $806,404,000,000. (B) Outlays, $806,360,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $539,669,000,000. (B) Outlays, $539,342,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $583,270,000,000. (B) Outlays, $581,608,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $584,123,000,000. (B) Outlays, $584,052,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $588,208,000,000. (B) Outlays, $588,124,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $656,892,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,696,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $704,939,000,000. (B) Outlays, $704,788,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $756,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, $756,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $854,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $854,597,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $877,624,000,000. (B) Outlays, $876,521,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $890,991,000,000. (B) Outlays, $889,628,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $986,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $990,740,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2015: 
(A) New budget authority, $516,580,000,000. (B) Outlays, $512,007,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $539,209,000,000. (B) Outlays, $533,999,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $548,714,000,000. (B) Outlays, $542,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $553,915,000,000. (B) Outlays, $543,191,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $573,984,000,000. (B) Outlays, $567,378,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $587,465,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,673,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $601,432,000,000. (B) Outlays, $594,862,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $621,724,000,000. (B) Outlays, $620,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $632,671,000,000. (B) Outlays, $626,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1966 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $644,428,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $632,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $667,486,000,000. (B) Outlays, $659,847,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $31,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,621,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $33,885,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,563,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,424,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $153,079,000,000. (B) Outlays, $155,672,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $168,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, $172,347,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $169,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $172,607,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $166,734,000,000. (B) Outlays, $166,775,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $177,946,000,000. (B) Outlays, $177,528,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $182,113,000,000. (B) Outlays, $181,595,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $185,682,000,000. (B) Outlays, $185,175,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $197,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, $196,926,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $193,729,000,000. (B) Outlays, $193,080,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $190,068,000,000. (B) Outlays, $189,340,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,439,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,706,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $56,043,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $58,250,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $61,731,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,350,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $60,804,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,253,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $61,227,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,498,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $61,656,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,823,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $62,787,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,291,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $64,489,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $65,525,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,639,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $66,581,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $71,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,336,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $23,920,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,806,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $26,876,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,938,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $27,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $27,819,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,295,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $28,541,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,044,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $29,258,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,763,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $29,842,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $30,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $30,971,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,428,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $31,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,788,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $31,883,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,299,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $325,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $325,962,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $368,173,000,000. (B) Outlays, $368,173,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: 
(A) New budget authority, $420,786,000,000. (B) Outlays, $420,786,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $493,610,000,000. (B) Outlays, $493,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $559,871,000,000. (B) Outlays, $559,871,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $622,059,000,000. (B) Outlays, $622,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $672,197,000,000. (B) Outlays, $672,197,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $723,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $723,968,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $773,014,000,000. (B) Outlays, $773,014,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $815,026,000,000. (B) Outlays, $815,026,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $847,334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $847,334,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2015: 
(A) New budget authority, -$21,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$11,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, -$36,770,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$36,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$23,340,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$11,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $28,661,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,139,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$6,925,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$6,058,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$10,998,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$8,030,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$665,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$2,028,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$52,729,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$53,206,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $4,572,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $78,123,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,680,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $24,833,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,813,000,000. (20) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, -$106,825,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$106,825,000,000. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, -$78,012,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$78,012,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$88,445,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$88,445,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$93,810,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,810,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,497,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,497,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$89,327,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$89,327,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$92,978,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,978,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$95,188,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$95,188,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$97,408,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$97,408,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$102,090,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$102,090,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$105,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$105,007,000,000. (21) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2015: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority, $57,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,250,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $18,085,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $7,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $3,675,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $1,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1967 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $0. 
(B) Outlays, $644,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $202,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $69,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $47,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $40,000,000. 
TITLE II—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 201. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
JOB CREATION THROUGH INVEST-MENTS AND INCENTIVES. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that pro-vides for robust Federal investments in America’s infrastructure, incentives for businesses, and support for communities or other measures that create jobs for Ameri-cans and boost the economy. The revisions may be made for measures that— 
(1) provide for additional investments in 
rail, aviation, harbors (including harbor maintenance dredging), seaports, inland wa-terway systems, public housing, broadband, energy, water, and other infrastructure; 
(2) provide for additional investments in 
other areas that would help businesses and other employers create new jobs; and 
(3) provide additional incentives, including 
tax incentives, to help small businesses, non-profits, States, and communities expand in-vestment, train, hire, and retain private-sec-tor workers and public service employees; 
by the amounts provided in such measure if 
such measure does not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fis-cal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 202. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REFORM THE TAX SYSTEM TO WORK FOR HARD WORKING AMERICANS. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that re-forms the tax system to reward American workers, incentivize higher pay, and increase the after-tax take home income of working families, such as paycheck tax credits for American workers; incentives for workers to save a portion of their income; incentives for corporations to raise employee pay and/or provide employees with ownership and prof-it-sharing opportunities; incentives for in-vestments in apprenticeships and other training programs that result in higher skills and better pay; provide tax relief to offset the additional and unique costs faced by two-earner families; a modernized and ex-panded Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit; or other reforms to the tax system to make it work for the middle class and those work-ing to join the middle class, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 203. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE EXTENSION OF EXPIRED OR EX-PIRING TAX PROVISIONS. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that ex-tends provisions of the tax code that have expired or will expire in the future, including 
tax incentives for research and development, renewable energy investments, charitable giving, economic and community develop-ment, and tax relief for working families and small businesses, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not in-crease the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 204. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
MEDICARE IMPROVEMENT. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that makes improvements to Medicare, such as— 
(1) new incentives to encourage efficiency 
and higher quality care in a manner con-sistent with the goals of fiscal sustain-ability; 
(2) payment accuracy improvements to en-
courage efficient use of resources; 
(3) innovative programs to improve coordi-
nation of care among all providers serving a patient in all appropriate settings; 
(4) policies to hold providers accountable 
for their utilization patterns and quality of care; 
(5) improvements to Medicare’s benefit de-
sign to make care more affordable and acces-sible for people with Medicare, including im-provements to programs that provide assist-ance with premiums and cost-sharing to beneficiaries with limited incomes; and 
(6) extension of expiring provisions; 
excluding any bill, joint resolution, amend-
ment, or conference report that makes any changes that reduce benefits available to seniors and individuals with disabilities in Medicare; by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 205. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
MEDICAID AND CHILDREN’S HEALTH IMPROVEMENT. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that im-proves Medicaid or other children’s health programs, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. Such im-provements may include— 
(1) restoring the enhanced Medicaid reim-
bursement rates for certain primary care services to Medicare levels using Federal funds, and expanding the enhanced rates to rates to additional health care providers; 
(2) providing States with tools to stream-
line enrollment into Medicaid and CHIP and ensure continuity of care, and may include permanently extending the Express Lane Eli-gibility option for children or creating an op-tion to provide 12-month continuous eligi-bility for adults in Medicaid; and 
(3) providing more options for States to ex-
pand access to home and community based long-term care services for seniors and per-sons with disabilities, and to improve bene-fits. 
SEC. 206. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
INITIATIVES THAT BENEFIT CHIL-DREN. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that im-proves the lives of children by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure 
would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. Improvements may include any of the following: 
(1) Changes to foster care to expand the 
number of at-risk children for whom effec-tive supportive, prevention, and post-perma-nency services are provided to promote safe-ty, well-being, and permanency for vulner-able children. 
(2) Changes to encourage increased paren-
tal support for children, including legisla-tion that results in a greater share of col-lected child support reaching the child and policies to encourages States to provide ac-cess and visitation services to improve fa-thers’ relationships with their children. Such changes could reflect efforts to ensure that States have the necessary resources to col-lect all child support that is owed to families and to allow them to pass 100 percent of sup-port on to families without financial pen-alty. 
(3) Regular increases in funding for the In-
dividuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) to put the Federal Government on a 10-year path to fulfill its commitment to America’s children and schools by providing 40 percent of the average per pupil expendi-ture for special education. 
(4) Funding for research designed to im-
prove program effectiveness in creating posi-tive outcomes for low-income children and families. 
SEC. 207. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
COLLEGE AFFORDABILITY AND COMPLETION. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that makes college more affordable and increases college completion, including efforts to: encourage States and higher education institutions to improve educational outcomes and access for low- and moderate-income students; ensure continued full funding for Pell grants; or help borrowers lower and manage their stu-dent loan debt through refinancing and ex-panded repayment options, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 208. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
A COMPETITIVE WORKFORCE. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that helps ensure that all Americans have access to good-paying jobs, including: fully reauthor-izing the Trade Adjustment Assistance pro-gram; funding proven effective job training and employment programs, such as year- round and summer jobs for youth; or new ini-tiatives such as apprenticeships involving collaborations between employers, edu-cators, and providers and job training serv-ices, by the amounts provided in such meas-ure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time peri-ods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fis-cal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 209. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
AMERICA’S VETERANS AND SERVICE MEMBERS. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1968 March 25, 2015 
(1) improves access and enhances the deliv-
ery of timely health care to the Nation’s vet-erans and service members; 
(2) improves the treatment of post-trau-
matic stress disorder and other mental ill-nesses, and increasing the capacity to ad-dress health care needs unique to women vet-erans; 
(3) makes improvements to the Post 9/11 GI 
Bill to ensure that veterans receive the edu-cational benefits they need to maximize their employment opportunities; 
(4) improves disability benefits or evalua-
tions for wounded or disabled military per-sonnel or veterans, including measures to ex-pedite the claims process; 
(5) expands eligibility to permit additional 
disabled military retirees to receive both disability compensation and retired pay (concurrent receipt); or 
(6) eliminates the offset between Survivor 
Benefit Plan annuities and veterans’ depend-ency and indemnity compensation; 
by the amounts provided in such measure if 
such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fis-cal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 210. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
MODERNIZING UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that mod-ernizes unemployment compensation, includ-ing providing additional learning opportuni-ties and training for unemployed workers, expanding program eligibility to more work-ers, or making the program more responsive to economic downturns, by the amounts pro-vided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the fol-lowing time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 211. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
INCREASING ENERGY INDEPEND-ENCE AND SECURITY. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that— 
(1) provides tax incentives for or otherwise 
encourages the production of renewable en-ergy or increased energy efficiency; 
(2) encourages investment in emerging 
clean energy or vehicle technologies or car-bon capture and sequestration; 
(3) provides additional resources for over-
sight and expanded enforcement activities to crack down on speculation in and manipula-tion of oil and gas markets, including deriva-tives markets; 
(4) limits and provides for reductions in 
greenhouse gas emissions; 
(5) assists businesses, industries, States, 
communities, the environment, workers, or households as the United States moves to-ward reducing and offsetting the impacts of greenhouse gas emissions; or 
(6) facilitates the training of workers for 
these industries (‘‘clean energy jobs’’); 
by the amounts provided in such measure if 
such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fis-cal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 212. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FULL FUNDING OF THE LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that pro-
vides full funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the fol-lowing time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 213. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
RURAL COUNTIES AND SCHOOLS. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that makes changes to or provides for the reauthoriza-tion of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self Determination Act of 2000 (Pub-lic Law 106–393) by the amounts provided by that legislation for those purposes, if such legislation requires sustained yield timber harvests obviating the need for funding under Public Law 106–393 in the future and would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 214. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR THE AF-FORDABLE HOUSING TRUST FUND. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that pro-vides additional funding for the Affordable Housing Trust Fund beyond the base levels provided by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fis-cal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 215. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE HEALTH CARE WORKFORCE. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that im-proves the contemporary health care workforce’s ability to meet emerging de-mands, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2025. 
SEC. 216. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
IMPROVING THE AVAILABILITY OF LONG-TERM CARE SERVICES AND SUPPORTS. 
The chairman of the House Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations, ag-gregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report that im-proves the availability of long-term care services and supports for senior citizens and individuals with disabilities, by the amounts provided in such measure if such measure would not increase the deficit for either of the following time periods: fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2020 or fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2025. Such improvements may include creation of a comprehensive long-term care insurance program; pilot programs or studies to determine the best options for improving access to long-term care services; or other improvements to Medicare, Medicaid, or other programs to provide increased access to long-term care. 
TITLE III—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 301. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— (1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 11-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2015 is 5.1 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: The resolution rejects cuts to the social safety net that lifts millions of people out of poverty. It assumes extension of the tax credits from the American Tax-payer Relief Act due to expire at the end of 2017. These credits include an increase in refundability of the child tax credit, relief for married earned income tax credit filers, and a larger earned income tax credit for larger families. It also assumes expansion of the earned income tax credit for childless workers, a group that has seen limited sup-port from safety net programs, and other im-pacts of a middle class and pro-work tax re-form. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 11-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2015 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: For Medicare, this budget rejects proposals to end the Medicare guarantee and shift rising health care costs onto seniors by replacing Medicare with vouchers or premium support for the pur-chase of private insurance. Such proposals will expose seniors and persons with disabil-ities on fixed incomes to unacceptable finan-cial risks, and they will weaken the tradi-tional Medicare program. Instead, this budg-et builds on the success of the Affordable Care Act, which made significant strides in health care cost containment and put into place a framework for continuous innova-tion. This budget supports comprehensive re-forms to give physicians and other care pro-viders incentives to provide high-quality, co-ordinated, efficient care, in a manner con-sistent with the goals of fiscal sustain-ability. It makes no changes that reduce benefits available to seniors and individuals with disabilities in Medicare. In other areas, the resolution assumes additional funding for child care, early education, and chil-dren’s health; extension and expansion of the American Opportunity Tax Credit, which as-sists with higher education expenses; and funding certain tribal support costs that have been previously annually appropriated. It also would create a National Infrastruc-ture Bank, an Apprenticeship Training Fund, and a Paid Leave Partnership Initiative, which would help States establish paid leave programs. The resolution repeals the manda-tory sequester required under the Budget Control Act. 
TITLE IV—ENFORCEMENT PROVISIONS 
SEC. 401. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST ADVANCE 
APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided in subsection (b), any bill, joint res-olution, amendment, or conference report making a general appropriation or con-tinuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Advance appropriations 
may be provided— 
(1) for fiscal year 2017 for programs, 
projects, activities, or accounts identified in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1969 March 25, 2015 
the joint explanatory statement of managers 
to accompany this resolution under the heading ‘‘Accounts Identified for Advance Appropriations’’ in an aggregate amount not to exceed $28,852,000,000 in new budget au-thority, and for 2018, accounts separately identified under the same heading; and 
(2) for all discretionary programs adminis-
tered by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘advance appropriation’’ means any new dis-cretionary budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolution making general ap-propriations or any new discretionary budget authority provided in a bill or joint resolu-tion making continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that first becomes available for any fiscal year after 2016. 
SEC. 402. ADJUSTMENTS TO DISCRETIONARY 
SPENDING LIMITS. 
(a) P ROGRAM INTEGRITY INITIATIVES UNDER  
THEBUDGET CONTROL ACT.— 
(1) S OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION PRO -
GRAM INTEGRITY INITIATIVES .—In the House, 
prior to consideration of any bill, joint reso-lution, amendment, or conference report making appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that appropriates amounts as provided under section 251(b)(2)(B) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the allocation to the House Committee on 
Appropriations shall be increased by the amount of additional budget authority and outlays resulting from that budget authority for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) H
EALTH CARE FRAUD AND ABUSE CONTROL  
PROGRAM .—In the House, prior to consider-
ation of any bill, joint resolution, amend-ment, or conference report making appro-priations for fiscal year 2016 that appro-priates amounts as provided under section 251(b)(2)(C) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the allocation to the House Committee on Ap-propriations shall be increased by the amount of additional budget authority and outlays resulting from that budget authority for fiscal year 2016. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL PROGRAM INTEGRITY INITIA -
TIVES .— 
(1) I NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE TAX COMPLI -
ANCE .—In the House, prior to consideration 
of any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report making appropriations for fiscal year 2016 that appropriates $9,572,000,000 for the Internal Revenue Serv-ice for enhanced enforcement to address the Federal tax gap (taxes owed but not paid) and provides an additional appropriation of up to $667,000,000, to the Internal Revenue Service and the amount is designated for en-hanced tax enforcement to address the tax gap, the allocation to the House Committee on Appropriations shall be increased by the amount of additional budget authority and outlays resulting from that budget authority for fiscal year 2016. 
(2) U
NEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE PROGRAM IN -
TEGRITY ACTIVITIES .—In the House, prior to 
consideration of any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report making ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016 that appro-priates $151,000,000 for in-person reemploy-ment and eligibility assessments, reemploy-ment services and training referrals, and un-employment insurance improper payment re-views for the Department of Labor and pro-vides an additional appropriation of up to $30,000,000, and the amount is designated for in-person reemployment and eligibility as-sessments, reemployment services and train-ing referrals, and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews for the Depart-ment of Labor, the allocation to the House Committee on Appropriations shall be in-creased by the amount of additional budget authority and outlays resulting from that budget authority for fiscal year 2016. (c) P
ROCEDURE FOR ADJUSTMENTS .—In the 
House, prior to consideration of any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report, the chairman of the House Com-mittee on the Budget shall make the adjust-ments set forth in this subsection for the in-cremental new budget authority in that measure and the outlays resulting from that budget authority if that measure meets the requirements set forth in this section. 
SEC. 403. COSTS OF EMERGENCY NEEDS, OVER-
SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS AND DISASTER RELIEF. 
(a) E MERGENCY NEEDS .—If any bill, joint 
resolution, amendment, or conference report makes appropriations for discretionary amounts and such amounts are designated as 
necessary to meet emergency needs pursuant to this subsection, then new budget author-ity and outlays resulting from that budget authority shall not count for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or this resolution. 
(b) O
VERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If any bill, joint resolu-
tion, amendment, or conference report makes appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for Overseas Contingency Operations and such amounts are so designated pursuant to this paragraph, then the Chairman of the House Committee on the Budget may adjust the al-location to the House Committee on Appro-priations by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose up to, but not to exceed, the total amount of budget authority specified in section 102(21). 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Adjustments made pursu-
ant to paragraph (1) shall only include fund-ing appropriated to the Overseas Contin-gency Operations title of an appropriations bill for war activities and related diplomatic and development operations, or for activities related to countering urgent national secu-rity threats, and shall not include funding for regular, base budget activities. 
(c) D
ISASTER RELIEF .—In the House, if any 
bill, joint resolution, amendment, or con-ference report makes appropriations for dis-cretionary amounts and such amounts are designated for disaster relief pursuant to this subsection, then the allocation to the Committee on Appropriations, and as nec-essary, the aggregates in this resolution, shall be adjusted by the amount of new budg-et authority and outlays up to the amounts provided under section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as adjusted by sub-section (d). 
(d) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .— 
(1) C AP ADJUSTMENT .—In the House, if any 
bill, joint resolution, amendment, or con-ference report making appropriations for wildfire suppression operations for fiscal year 2016 that appropriates a base amount equal to 70 percent of the average cost of wildfire suppression operations over the pre-vious 10 years and provides an additional ap-propriation of up to but not to exceed $1.5 billion for wildfire suppression operations and such amounts are so designated pursuant to this paragraph, then the allocation to the House Committee on Appropriations may be adjusted by the additional amount of budget authority above the base amount and the outlays resulting from that additional budg-et authority. 
(2) D
EFICIT -NEUTRAL ADJUSTMENT .—The 
total allowable discretionary adjustment for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to the sum of allocation increases made pursuant to paragraph (1) in the previous year. 
(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR ADJUSTMENTS .—In the 
House, prior to consideration of any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report, the chairman of the House Com-
mittee on the Budget shall make the adjust-ments set forth in subsections (b), (c), and (d) for the incremental new budget authority in that measure and the outlays resulting from that budget authority if that measure meets the requirements set forth in this section. 
SEC. 404. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF CERTAIN 
DISCRETIONARY ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, notwith-
standing section 302(a)(1) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, and section 4001 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, the joint explanatory statement accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall in-clude in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the House Committee on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administra-tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-istration and of the Postal Service. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of apply-
ing section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays pro-vided by a measure shall include any off- budget discretionary amounts. 
SEC. 405. APPLICATION AND EFFECT OF 
CHANGES IN ALLOCATIONS AND AG-GREGATES. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—In the House, any adjust-
ments of allocations and aggregates made pursuant to this resolution shall— 
(1) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(2) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(3) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable. 
(b) E
FFECT OF CHANGED ALLOCATIONS AND  
AGGREGATES .—Revised allocations and ag-
gregates resulting from these adjustments shall be considered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 as alloca-tions and aggregates included in this resolu-tion. 
(c) A
DJUSTMENTS .—The chairman of the 
House Committee on the Budget may adjust the aggregates, allocations, and other levels in this resolution for legislation which has received final congressional approval in the same form by the House of Representatives and the Senate, but has yet to be presented to or signed by the President at the time of final consideration of this resolution. 
SEC. 406. REINSTATEMENT OF PAY-AS-YOU-GO. 
In the House, and pursuant to section 
301(b)(8) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, for the remainder of the 114th Congress, the following shall apply in lieu of ‘‘CUTGO’’ rules and principles: 
(1)(A) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) 
and (3), it shall not be in order to consider any bill, joint resolution, amendment, or conference report if the provisions of such measure affecting direct spending and reve-nues have the net effect of increasing the on- budget deficit or reducing the on-budget sur-plus for the period comprising either— 
(i) the current year, the budget year, and 
the four years following that budget year; or 
(ii) the current year, the budget year, and 
the nine years following that budget year. 
(B) The effect of such measure on the def-
icit or surplus shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the Committee on the Budget. 
(C) For the purpose of this section, the 
terms ‘‘budget year’’, ‘‘current year’’, and ‘‘direct spending’’ have the meanings speci-fied in section 250 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, except that the term ‘‘direct spending’’ shall also include provisions in appropriation Acts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1970 March 25, 2015 
that make outyear modifications to sub-
stantive law as described in section 3(4) (C) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(2) If a bill, joint resolution, or amendment 
is considered pursuant to a special order of the House directing the Clerk to add as a new matter at the end of such measure the provisions of a separate measure as passed by the House, the provisions of such separate measure as passed by the House shall be in-cluded in the evaluation under paragraph (1) of the bill, joint resolution, or amendment. 
(3)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the evaluation under paragraph (1) shall exclude a provision expressly designated as an emergency for purposes of pay-as-you-go principles in the case of a point of order under this clause against consideration of— 
(i) a bill or joint resolution; (ii) an amendment made in order as origi-
nal text by a special order of business; 
(iii) a conference report; or (iv) an amendment between the Houses. (B) In the case of an amendment (other 
than one specified in subparagraph (A)) to a bill or joint resolution, the evaluation under paragraph (1) shall give no cognizance to any designation of emergency. 
(C) If a bill, a joint resolution, an amend-
ment made in order as original text by a spe-cial order of business, a conference report, or an amendment between the Houses includes a provision expressly designated as an emer-gency for purposes of pay-as-you-go prin-ciples, the Chair shall put the question of consideration with respect thereto. 
SEC. 407. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
The House adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of the House, and these rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with other such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE V—POLICY STATEMENTS 
SEC. 501. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON JOB CRE-
ATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) the economy entered a deep recession in 
December 2007 that was worsened by a finan-cial crisis in 2008—by January 2009, the pri-vate sector was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs per month; 
(2) actions by the President, Congress, and 
the Federal Reserve helped stem the crisis, and job creation resumed in 2010, with the economy creating 12 million private jobs over the past 60 consecutive months; 
(3) United States manufacturing has 
shared in this recovery with manufacturing employment having grown over the last five years, the first such extended period of growth since the 1990s; 
(4) despite the job gains already made, job 
growth needs to accelerate and continue for an extended period for the economy to fully recover from the recession; 
(5) millions of Americans remain unem-
ployed or underemployed, in danger of seeing a middle-class lifestyle slip away or remain out of reach, and this issue is especially acute in the African-American and Latino communities, making it imperative that we push for extended job creation which is broadly-shared; and 
(6) further job creation is vital to ensure 
that the economy continues to recover and that the benefits of the recovery are more broadly shared. 
(b) P
OLICY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—It is the policy of this res-
olution that Congress should make it a pri-ority to enact legislation to help create jobs in the United States, remove incentives to out-source jobs overseas and instead support incentives that bring jobs back to the United States. 
(2) J
OBS.—This resolution— 
(A) supports funding for President Obama’s 
six-year, $478 billion surface transportation reauthorization proposal; 
(B) supports efforts for additional job cre-
ation measures, including further infrastruc-ture improvements, such as a National Infra-structure Bank that can be used for a wide range of infrastructure investments, includ-ing investments in expanding clean energy production and energy efficiency, and sup-port for biomedical and other research that both creates jobs and advances scientific knowledge and health, or other spending or revenue proposals; 
(C) protects jobs in the United States by 
eliminating unjustified corporate tax breaks that encourage firms to ship jobs and capital overseas and shelter their profits in foreign tax havens, including provisions that permit U.S. companies to ‘‘invert’’ and pretend to move overseas purely to reduce taxes—reve-nues raised by the elimination or reduction of such tax breaks can then be invested in in-frastructure improvements and other job creation efforts; and 
(D) supports a ‘‘Make it in America’’ agen-
da that seeks to expand on the recent recov-ery in manufacturing jobs and help encour-age a resurgence of manufacturing in the United States through job creation meas-ures, including the development of new do-
mestic manufacturing institutes to conduct research into innovative products and mate-rials, the establishment of a new investment fund of up to $10 billion to help American- made advanced manufacturing technologies reach commercial scale production, and pas-sage of other legislation to support manufac-turing in the United States. 
SEC. 502. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Supporting the President’s six-year, 
$478 billion surface transportation reauthor-ization investment will sharpen America’s global competitive edge in the 21st century by allowing infrastructure expansion and modernization. 
(2) Many of our roads, bridges, and transit 
systems are in disrepair, and fail to move as many goods and people as the economy de-mands. The American Society of Engineers gives the United States infrastructure an overall grade of D+. 
(3) Deep cuts to our transportation funding 
over the next 10 years will hurt families and businesses at a time when we have major in-frastructure needs and workers ready to do the job. 
(4) Increasing transportation investments 
improves our quality of life by building new ladders of opportunity—improving our com-petitive edge, facilitating American exports, creating new jobs and increasing access to existing ones, and fostering economic growth, while also providing critical safety improvements and reduced commute times. 
(5) The highway trust fund provides crit-
ical funding for repairing, expanding, and modernizing roads, bridges, and transit sys-tems, and according to recent CBO projec-tions, it is expected to become insolvent this summer. This could force a halt to construc-tion projects, which would put hundreds of thousands of jobs at risk. 
(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House to 
provide funding in support of the President’s proposed six-year, $478 billion surface trans-portation reauthorization that prevents the imminent insolvency of the highway trust 
fund and increases investment in our high-way and transit programs. Such an invest-ment sharpens our competitive edge, in-creases access to jobs, reduces commute times, makes our highways and transit sys-tems safer, facilitates American exports, cre-ates jobs, and fosters economic growth. 
SEC. 503. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON TAX RE-
FORM THAT WORKS FOR HARD-WORKING FAMILIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Americans today are working harder 
than ever, but their paychecks are flat. 
(2) American families lost economic 
ground during the 2000s and the Great Reces-sion. U.S. Census data shows that median household income fell 8.6 percent in real 
terms between 2000 and 2013, and is still no higher than it was in 1989. 
(3) Studies by the Organisation for Eco-
nomic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), and Standard and Poor’s, among oth-ers, have concluded that increased income inequality is a threat to economic growth. 
(4) American workers are getting a smaller 
share of the growing economic pie. For the period 1948-1973, labor productivity increased 97 percent, and real hourly compensation for workers increased at a similar rate: 91 per-cent. But from 1973-2013, productivity rose by 146 percent and workers’ compensation rose by only 18 percent. 
(5) Since the 1970s, economic gains have 
gone overwhelmingly to the highest-income Americans, while the middle class and most other hard working Americans have been left behind. According to the Congressional Budget Office, between 1979 and 2011, after- tax incomes rose five times as fast for the top one percent of households, whose annual incomes average more than $1 million, than they did for the middle 60 percent of Ameri-cans. 
(6) The tax code treats income from wealth 
more favorably than income from work by giving preferential tax rates on unearned in-come, and contains numerous, wasteful tax breaks for special interests. 
(7) The top one percent of households re-
ceives a disproportionate share—17 percent— of the benefit of major tax expenditures, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office. These preferences have exacerbated income and wealth inequality. 
(8) Past Republican tax plans have made 
reducing taxes for the wealthiest Americans the top priority. Republicans also would re-peal Affordable Care Act tax credits which help millions of families buy affordable health insurance, abandon important expan-sions to the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit, and cut higher education benefits by allowing the American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit to expire. The result has been legislation that increased deficits while giving a disproportionate share of any tax cuts to the wealthy. Such a tax increase would— 
(A) make it even harder for working fami-
lies to make ends meet; 
(B) cost the economy millions of jobs over 
the coming years by reducing consumer spending, which will greatly weaken eco-nomic growth; and 
(C) further widen the income gap between 
the wealthiest households and the middle class by making the tax code more regres-sive. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion to reform the tax code to work for hard working Americans, to cut special interest tax breaks for the top one percent, and to close unproductive special interest corporate tax breaks and loopholes, without increasing the tax burden on middle-class taxpayers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1971 March 25, 2015 
SEC. 504. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON BUILDING 
LADDERS OF OPPORTUNITY TO HELP HARDWORKING FAMILIES JOIN THE MIDDLE CLASS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Even as the economy grows, wage stag-
nation and income inequality persist, requir-ing additional ladders of opportunity to help hard-working families join the middle class. 
(2) Young adults with a college degree are 
much more likely to be employed than those with just a high school diploma. In 2013, the 
unemployment rate for young college grad-uates was 7 percent versus 17 percent for those with only a high school degree, but the difference was even bigger during the eco-nomic downturn. 
(3) More than 8 million low-income stu-
dents each year rely on Federal Pell grants to help pay for college. Pell grants are well- targeted; more than 73 percent of Pell grant recipients have family incomes of less than $30,000 per year. More than 10 million college students also rely on the American Oppor-tunity Tax Credit to help defray the cost of college, but that tax credit expires at the end of 2017. 
(4) As college costs have continued to rise, 
total student loan debt has quadrupled over the past ten years to more than $1.3 trillion. More than 80 percent of that debt is from Federal student loans. In 2013, more than two thirds of those graduating from college had student loan debt, and the average debt had grown to $28,400. 
(5) The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) 
and the Child Tax Credit (CTC) encourage work and are some of our most effective anti-poverty programs, and they have gen-erally enjoyed strong, bipartisan support from Members of Congress and Presidents of each party. 
(6) Enhancements to the EITC and CTC en-
acted in 2009 lifted 1.6 million people out of poverty, including nearly one million chil-dren. Many military families are among the beneficiaries of these vital policies. 
(7) Wage inequality still exists in this 
country. Women make only 78 cents for every dollar earned by men, and the pay gap for African American women and Latinas is even larger. 
(8) More than 40 million private sector 
workers in this country – including more than 13 million working women – are not able to take a paid sick day when they are ill. Millions more lack paid sick time to care for a sick child. 
(9) Nearly one-quarter of adults in the 
United States report that they have lost a job or have been threatened with job loss for taking time off due to illness or to care for a sick child or relative, and 87 percent of the United States workforce does not have paid family leave through their employer. 
(10) The real value of the Federal minimum 
wage today is at historically low levels, and has not been increased since 2009. 
(11) Increasing the minimum wage would 
give a raise to millions of workers, lift many Americans out of poverty, and put more money in the pockets of individuals who are likely to spend additional income. This would help expand the economy and create jobs. 
(12) A higher minimum wage will reduce 
Government spending on Medicaid, public housing, nutrition assistance and other in-come-support programs that provide assist-ance to minimum wage workers. A higher minimum wage will also benefit businesses by increasing productivity, reducing absen-teeism, and reducing turnover. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion to accomplish the following: 
(1) That the House should broaden access 
to college, including through new initiatives to make college more affordable, increase 
college completion rates, and lower student debt. This includes, but is not limited to, helping millions of families afford the cost of college by: permanently extending and im-proving the American Opportunity Tax Cred-it; maintaining Pell grants as the primary source of Federal grant aid; and accommo-dating legislation to help borrowers lower and manage their student loan debt through refinancing and expanded repayment op-tions. 
(2) That the House should preserve key 
work and family supports by permanently extending enhanced refundability of the 
Child Tax Credit, permanently extending the increased Earned Income Tax Credit benefits for married couples and families with 3 or more children, and expanding the Earned In-come Tax Credit for childless workers and non-custodial parents. 
(3) That the House should make a positive 
difference in the lives of women, enacting measures to address economic equality and support work and family balance through earned paid sick leave, and earned paid and expanded family and medical leave. The res-olution provides funding to help States es-tablish paid leave programs. 
(4) That women receive equal pay for equal 
work. 
(5) That the House should pass an increase 
in the minimum wage. A higher minimum wage will benefit both workers and the econ-omy as a whole. 
SEC. 505. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON WOMEN’S 
ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT, AND HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPROVE-MENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Wage inequality still exists in this 
country. Women make only 78 cents for every dollar earned by men, and the pay gap for African American women and Latinas is even larger. 
(2) Nearly two-thirds of minimum wage 
workers are women, and the minimum wage has not kept up with inflation over the last 45 years. 
(3) More than 40 million private sector 
workers in this country—including more than 13 million working women—are not able to take a paid sick day when they are ill. Millions more lack paid sick time to care for a sick child. 
(4) Nearly one-quarter of adults in the U.S. 
report that they have lost a job or have been threatened with job loss for taking time off due to illness or to care for a sick child or relative. 
(5) Fully 87 percent of the U.S. workforce 
does not have paid family leave through their employers, and more than 60 percent of the workforce does not have paid personal medical leave through an employer-provided temporary disability program, which some new mothers use. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that Congress should make a positive dif-ference in the lives of women, enacting measures to address economic equality and women’s health and safety. Those measures include the following: 
(1) To address economic fairness, Congress 
should enact the Paycheck Fairness Act, in-crease the minimum wage, support women entrepreneurs and small businesses, and sup-port work and family balance through earned paid sick leave, and earned paid and expanded Family and Medical leave. 
(2) To address health and safety concerns, 
Congress should increase funding for the pre-vention and treatment of women’s health issues such as breast cancer and heart dis-ease, support access to family planning, and enact measures to prevent and protect women from domestic violence. SEC. 506. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON THE DE-
PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Over the years, the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs (VA) has faced funding short-falls and was unprepared to meet the de-mands of a new generation of returning vet-erans. 
(2) Access to quality health care and vet-
erans’ benefits has been an ongoing chal-lenge for the VA, highlighted most recently in the ongoing claims backlog and veterans waiting months for health care appoint-ments. 
(3) Providing health care where veterans 
live and ensuring a sufficient number of health care professionals, especially in the area of mental health treatment, have also been challenges. 
(4) The Government shutdown in the fall of 
2013 led to furloughs at the VA that slowed the processing of benefit claims. 
(5) The President’s budget includes an 8 
percent increase over current year funding, 
which provides the resources to improve the timely delivery and the quality of health care services, and to address other urgent issues, such as ending veterans’ homeless-ness. 
(6) The VA currently has advance appro-
priations for 85 percent of its discretionary budget. The residual 15 percent, which in-cludes funding for the day-to-day operations at the Veterans Benefits Administration, re-mains vulnerable to a Government shut-down. 
(7) Congress provided the authority to ex-
pand advance appropriations for VA’s three largest mandatory programs in the FY 2015 Omnibus; Consolidated and Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act (Public Law 113– 235). 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that— 
(1) the President’s requested level for vet-
erans’ discretionary programs be fully sup-ported so that the VA has the resources it needs to ensure veterans get the benefits they earned in a timely fashion; 
(2) advance appropriations be expanded to 
cover all of VA’s discretionary budget to pre-vent delays in veterans’ benefits and services during a Government shutdown; 
(3) the VA submit along with its annual 
budget a ‘‘Future-Years Veterans Program’’ that projects its needs over five years to help facilitate the appropriations and oversight processes; and 
(4) sufficient resources are provided for the 
VA’s Office of the Inspector General to guar-antee veterans are properly served and that resources are spent efficiently. 
SEC. 507. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON THE FED-
ERAL WORKFORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Federal workforce provides vital 
services to our nation on a daily basis. It in-cludes those who patrol and secure our bor-ders, take care of our veterans, help run our airports, counter cyber-attacks, find cures to deadly diseases, and keep our food supply safe. 
(2) Last year alone, Federal employees ad-
dressed a wide range of national priorities, from responding to the Ebola outbreak to helping reduce veterans’ homelessness to helping millions obtain affordable health care. 
(3) Veterans make up 30 percent of the Fed-
eral workforce. 
(4) Many Federal workers are paid at a rate 
that is far below their private sector coun-terparts. 
(5) The Federal workforce is older than in 
past decades and older than the private sec-tor workforce. It is estimated that twenty- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1972 March 25, 2015 
five percent of the Federal workforce intends 
to retire over the next five years. 
(6) Over the last five years, the Federal 
workforce has contributed more than $150 billion toward reducing the country’s defi-cits in the form of pay freezes, pay raises in-sufficient to keep pace with inflation, and increased retirement contributions. 
(7) The Federal workforce endured fur-
loughs from sequestration and the 16-day Government shutdown. 
(8) Since 1975, the security and non-secu-
rity parts of the Federal workforce have de-clined 33 and 38 percent, respectively, rel-ative to the population. 
(9) Nearly all of the increase in the Federal 
civilian workforce from 2001 and 2014 is due to increases at security-related agencies, in-cluding the Department of Defense, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, Department of Veterans Affairs, and the Department of Jus-tice. 
(10) Proposals to reduce the size of the 
workforce at non-security agencies by 10 per-cent have excluded an assessment of their impact on Government services. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that Federal employees should not be tar-geted to achieve further reductions in the deficit as they have already contributed more than their fair share, that Federal workers should be compensated with pay and benefits at a level that enables the Govern-ment to attract high quality people—which is especially important during this period when more workers will be retiring—and that no proposal to reduce the size of the workforce should be considered without an assessment of its impact on Government services. 
SEC. 508. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON A NATIONAL 
STRATEGY TO ERADICATE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Access to opportunity should be the 
right of every American. 
(2) Poverty has declined by more than one- 
third since 1967. Federal programs and tax policies that strengthen economic security and increase opportunity have played an im-portant role in this decline. Continued Fed-eral support is essential to build on these gains. 
(3) Social Security has played a major role 
in reducing poverty. Without it, the poverty rate in 2013 would have been 8.6 percentage points higher. Its positive impact on older Americans is even starker, lowering the pov-erty rate among this group by nearly 40 per-centage points. 
(4) The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance 
Program alone lifts nearly 5 million people out of poverty, including over 2 million chil-dren. School breakfast and lunch programs help keep children ready to learn, allowing them to reach their full potential. 
(5) Medicaid improves health, access to 
health care, and financial security. Medicaid coverage lowers infant, child, and adult mor-tality rates. Medicaid coverage virtually eliminates catastrophic out-of-pocket med-ical expenditures, providing much needed fi-nancial security and peace of mind. 
(6) The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) 
and Child Tax Credit (CTC) together lift over 9 million people, including 5 million chil-dren, out of poverty. President Ronald Reagan proposed the major EITC expansion in the 1986 Tax Reform Act, which he re-ferred to as ‘‘the best antipoverty, the best pro-family, the best job creation measure to come out of Congress’’. Studies indicate that children in families that receive the type of income supports EITC and CTC offer do bet-ter at school and have higher incomes as adults. (7) Antipoverty programs have increas-
ingly been focused on encouraging and re-warding work for those who are able. The programs can empower their beneficiaries to rise to the middle class through job training, educational assistance, adequate nutrition, housing and health care. 
(8) Despite our progress, there is still work 
to be done. Nearly 50 million Americans still live below the poverty line. Parental income still has a major impact on children’s in-come after they become adults. 
(9) There remain significant disparities 
across racial and ethnic lines. At the end of 2013, the unemployment rate for whites was 6.0 percent but was 8.4 percent for Hispanics and 11.8 percent for African Americans. The poverty rate among African Americans and Hispanics is nearly double that for whites. Disparities in wealth are even starker, with white households having nearly 13 times the median wealth of African American house-holds and 11 times the median wealth of His-panic households. 
(10) The minimum wage has not changed 
since 2007 and is worth less today than it was in real terms at the beginning of 1950. Rais-ing the minimum could lift millions out of poverty. 
(11) Some areas of the country have been 
left behind. They face persistent high levels of poverty and joblessness. Residents of these areas often lack access to quality schools, affordable health care, and adequate job opportunities. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the sense of the House to 
support a goal of developing a national strat-egy to eliminate poverty, with the initial goal of cutting poverty in half in ten years, and to extend equitable access to economic opportunity to all Americans. The strategy must include a multi-pronged approach that would: 
(1) Ensure a livable wage for workers, in-
cluding raising the minimum wage so that a full time worker earns enough to be above the poverty line. 
(2) Provide education and job training to 
make sure workers have the skills to suc-ceed. 
(3) Provide supports for struggling families 
in difficult economic times and while devel-oping skills. 
(4) Remove barriers and obstacles that pre-
vent individuals from taking advantage of economic and educational opportunities. 
(5) Provide supports for the most vulner-
able who are not able to work: seniors, the severely disabled, and children. 
As the strategy is developed and imple-
mented, Congress must work to protect low- income and middle-class Americans from the negative impacts of budget cuts on the crit-ical domestic programs that help millions of struggling American families. The strategy should maximize the impact of antipoverty programs across Federal, state, and local governments. Improving the effective coordi-nation and oversight across agencies and im-plementing a true unity of programs under a ‘‘whole of government’’ approach to shared goals and client-based outcomes will help to streamline access, improve service delivery, and strengthen and extend the reach of every Federal dollar to fight poverty. The plan should consider additional targeting of spending toward persistent poverty areas to revitalize these areas of pervasive historical poverty, unemployment, and general dis-
tress. For example, the idea of targeting ten percent of certain Federal funding to areas where twenty percent or more of the popu-lation has been living below the poverty line for at least thirty years should be explored. 
SEC. 509. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON REJECTING 
THE SEQUESTER. 
(b) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: (1) Reductions to discretionary programs 
necessitated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 caps will harm national security and im-portant domestic investments. 
(2) The caps took effect when Congress 
could not reach agreement on the deficit re-duction goal established in that Act. They were never intended to be implemented. Rather they were designed to be a sword of Damocles, so austere and infeasible that they would motivate compromise on spend-ing reductions and revenue increases. 
(3) An important feature of the Act was its 
equal treatment for the defense and non-de-fense portions of the budget, which was to serve as an incentive to reach agreement for Members with varying priorities. 
(4) The Act provided special procedures for 
certain program integrity efforts to encour-age full funding. These efforts pay for them-selves by making sure benefits go only to those who are eligible and taxes are paid as required by law. These procedures should be expanded where there is well documented evidence of effective efforts. 
(4) Providing relief from unrealistically 
low spending caps by circumventing existing law is neither responsible nor transparent. Emergency and overseas contingency oper-ations adjustments, which are not controlled by the caps, should not be used to fund base spending. 
(5) The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 took 
an important first step in correcting the overly restrictive caps, providing relief in 2014 and 2015 in a fiscally responsible way. This budget continues that effort. 
(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that— 
(1) the Budget Control Act should be 
amended to increase its overly austere spending limits to the levels included in this resolution; 
(2) increases in both defense and non-de-
fense will make room for a range of domestic and security investments that will accel-erate growth and expand opportunity; and 
(3) additional special procedures should be 
established to improve tax code enforcement and to reduce improper payments in the un-employment insurance program as permitted in this resolution. 
SEC. 510. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON SOCIAL SE-
CURITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 59 million Americans cur-
rently receive earned Social Security bene-fits and, for most, Social Security’s modest benefits provide the majority of their in-come. 
(2) Social Security benefits are becoming 
more critical to providing retirement income as fewer and fewer workers have access to traditional defined benefit retirement plans and many workers are unable to save ade-quate resources in retirement savings ac-counts. 
(3) More than half of disabled workers re-
ceiving Social Security insurance payments would have fallen into poverty if they had not earned Social Security to protect them when they became severely disabled or ter-minally ill. 
(4) The Social Security trust funds have a 
combined balance of $2.8 trillion, built by contributions from American workers, enough to pay 100 percent of earned benefits until 2033. 
(5) Social Security’s Disability Insurance 
(DI) and Old Age and Survivors Insurance (OASI) systems are intertwined both in their benefit structure and in their revenues—DI recipients who reach retirement age receive OASI benefits and beneficiaries in each cat-egory have helped finance the other category even if they will never receive those benefits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1973 March 25, 2015 
(6) In the short-term, the projected short-
fall in the DI trust fund should be addressed through changes that permit Social Security to use its existing overall resources to fund DI benefits. 
(a) P
OLICY .—This resolution assumes ac-
tion by the House of Representatives to enact legislation that uses Social Security’s existing reserves to prevent cuts in Social Security’s earned benefits, and makes no changes to Social Security that involve re-ductions in earned Social Security benefits. 
SEC. 511. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON PRO-
TECTING THE MEDICARE GUAR-ANTEE FOR SENIORS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) senior citizens and persons with disabil-
ities highly value the Medicare program and rely on Medicare to guarantee their health and financial security; 
(2) in 2015, 55,300,000 people will rely on 
Medicare for coverage of hospital stays, phy-sician visits, prescription drugs, and other necessary medical goods and services; 
(3) the Medicare program has lower admin-
istrative costs than private insurance, and Medicare program costs per enrollee have grown at a slower rate than private insur-ance for a given level of benefits; 
(4) people with Medicare already have the 
ability to choose a private insurance plan within Medicare through the Medicare Ad-vantage option, yet more than 70 percent of Medicare beneficiaries chose the traditional fee-for-service program instead of a private plan in 2014; 
(5) rising health care costs are not unique 
to Medicare or other Federal health pro-grams, they are endemic to the entire health care system; 
(6) converting Medicare into a voucher for 
the purchase of health insurance will merely force seniors and individuals with disabil-ities to pay much higher premiums if they want to use their voucher to purchase tradi-tional Medicare coverage; 
(7) a voucher system in which the voucher 
payment fails to keep pace with growth in health costs would expose seniors and per-sons with disabilities on fixed incomes to un-acceptable financial risks; 
(8) shifting more health care costs onto 
Medicare beneficiaries would not reduce overall health care costs, instead it would mean beneficiaries would face higher pre-miums, eroding coverage, or both; and 
(9) versions of voucher policies that do not 
immediately end the traditional Medicare program will merely set it up for a death spi-ral as private plans siphon off healthier and less expensive beneficiaries, leaving the sick-est beneficiaries in a program that will with-er away. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that the Medicare guarantee for seniors and persons with disabilities should be preserved and strengthened, and that any legislation to end the Medicare guarantee, financially penalize people for choosing traditional Medicare, or shift rising health care costs 
onto seniors by replacing Medicare with vouchers or premium support for the pur-chase of health insurance, should be rejected. 
SEC. 512. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON AFFORD-
ABLE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE FOR WORKING FAMILIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) making health care coverage affordable 
and accessible for all American families will improve families’ health and economic secu-rity, which will make the economy stronger; 
(2) 16,400,000 uninsured individuals have 
gained health coverage so far as a result of the Affordable Care Act, and the uninsured rate for working-age adults has dropped from 20.3 percent to 13.2 percent since October 2013, when the ACA marketplaces opened for business; (3) the Affordable Care Act will expand af-
fordable coverage for up to 25,000,000 people by the end of the decade who would other-wise be uninsured; 
(4) the Affordable Care Act ensures the 
right to equal treatment for people who have preexisting health conditions and for women; 
(5) the Affordable Care Act ensures that 
health insurance coverage will always in-clude basic necessary services such as pre-scription drugs, mental health care, and ma-ternity care and that insurance companies cannot impose lifetime or annual limits on these benefits; 
(6) the Affordable Care Act increases trans-
parency in health care, helping to reduce health care cost growth by requiring trans-parency around hospital charges, insurer cost-sharing, and kick-back payments from pharmaceutical companies to physicians; 
(7) the Affordable Care Act reforms Federal 
health entitlements by using nearly every health cost-containment provision experts recommend, including new incentives to re-ward quality and coordination of care rather than simply quantity of services provided, new tools to crack down on fraud, and the elimination of excessive taxpayer subsidies to private insurance plans, and since 2011, national health expenditures have grown at the slowest rate on record; 
(8) health care spending per capita in the 
United States grew in 2011, 2012, and 2013 at the lowest rates on record, and the Congres-sional Budget Office now projects that the Affordable Care Act’s coverage provisions will cost a full 33 percent less in 2019 than the agency originally estimated when the Act became law in 2010; and 
(7) the Affordable Care Act will reduce the 
Federal deficit by more than $1,000,000,000,000 over the next 20 years. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that the law of the land should support mak-ing affordable health care coverage available to every American family, and therefore the Affordable Care Act should not be repealed. 
SEC. 513. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON MEDICAID. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) Medicaid is a central component of the 
Nation’s health care safety net, and will pro-vide health coverage to 69,000,000 Americans in 2015, including 1 in 3 children; 
(2) Medicaid improves health outcomes, ac-
cess to health services, and financial secu-rity; 
(3) seniors, people with disabilities, and 
children account for about three-fourths of Medicaid program spending and would be at risk of losing access to health care under any policy to sever the link between Medicaid funding and the actual costs of providing services to the currently eligible Medicaid population; 
(4) Medicaid is the primary payer for long- 
term care in the United States, providing fi-nancial assistance to seniors and people with disabilities facing significant out-of-pocket costs for in-home and nursing home services; and 
(5) an estimated 7 in 10 Americans aged 65 
or older will need long-term services and supports at some point in their lives. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that the important health care safety net for children, senior citizens, people with disabil-ities, and vulnerable Americans provided by Medicaid should be preserved and should not be dismantled by converting Medicaid into a block grant, per capita cap, or other financ-ing arrangement that would limit Federal contributions and render the program in-capable of responding to increased need that may result from trends in demographics or health care costs or from economic condi-tions. SEC. 514. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON INVEST-
MENTS THAT HELP CHILDREN SUC-CEED. 
(b) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Investments in early childhood benefit 
the economy as a whole, generating at least $7 in return for every $1 invested by lowering the need for spending on other services—such as remedial education, grade repetition, and special education—and increasing produc-tivity and earnings for those children as adults. 
(2) High-quality, affordable child care helps 
two generations to succeed, increasing em-ployment and earnings for parents while pro-moting a healthy growing and learning envi-ronment for children. 
(3) Unfortunately, only one out of every six 
eligible children is able to access care through the child care and development block grant, and only three out of every ten 4-year-olds are enrolled in high-quality early childhood education programs in the United States. 
(4) In particular, children from low-income 
families are less likely to have access to high-quality, affordable preschool programs that will prepare them for kindergarten. By third grade, children from low-income fami-lies who are not reading at grade level are six times less likely to graduate from high school than students who are proficient. 
(5) Voluntary home visits to families with 
young children in at-risk communities have been shown to improve maternal and child health, promote child development and school readiness, and help prevent child abuse and neglect. Home visiting programs have created savings, reducing Medicaid costs by lowering the number of preterm births and use of hospital emergency rooms, reducing the need for public benefits and child protective services, and increasing tax revenues through higher parental earnings. 
(6) The Children’s Health Insurance Pro-
gram (CHIP) is an important source of health care coverage for more than 8 million children in families who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but who struggle to meet everyday expenses. Due in large part to CHIP, the rate of uninsured children in the U.S. fell from 13.9 percent to 7.1 percent be-tween 1997 and 2012. 
(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that this resolution supports funding for, and assumes enactment of, the following: 
(1) A 10-year child care initiative that 
would ensure that all low- and moderate-in-come working families with children aged three and below would have access to afford-able, quality child care. 
(2) A 10-year investment to provide access 
to high-quality early education for all 4- year-olds. Early education programs must meet quality benchmarks that are linked to better outcomes for children, including a rig-orous curriculum tied to State-level stand-ards, qualified teachers, small class sizes, and effective evaluation and review of pro-grams. 
(3) Extension of the Children’s Health In-
surance Program (CHIP) and extension and expansion of the existing highly effective voluntary home-visiting program for at-risk children. 
SEC. 515. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON IMMIGRA-
TION REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Fixing the country’s broken immigra-
tion system will mean a stronger economy and lower budget deficits. 
(2) The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) 
estimates that enacting the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act, as introduced by House Democrats in the 113th Congress, will reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1974 March 25, 2015 
the deficit by $900 billion over the next two 
decades, boost the economy by 5.4 percent, and increase productivity by 1.0 percent. 
(3) The Social Security Actuary estimates 
that immigration reform will reduce the So-cial Security shortfall by 8 percent and will extend the life of the Social Security Trust Fund by two years. 
(4) The passage of the Border Security, 
Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act recognizes that the pri-mary tenets of its success depend on secur-ing the sovereignty of the United States of America and establishing a coherent and just system for integrating those who seek to join American society. 
(5) We have a right, and duty, to maintain 
and secure our borders, and to keep our country safe and prosperous. As a Nation founded, built and sustained by immigrants we also have a responsibility to harness the power of that tradition in a balanced way that secures a more prosperous future for America. 
(6) We have always welcomed newcomers to 
the United States and will continue to do so. But in order to qualify for the honor and privilege of eventual citizenship, our laws must be followed. The world depends on America to be strong—economically, mili-tarily and ethically. The establishment of a stable, just, and efficient immigration sys-tem only supports those goals. As a Nation, we have the right and responsibility to make our borders safe, to establish clear and just 
rules for seeking citizenship, to control the flow of legal immigration, and to eliminate illegal immigration, which in some cases has become a threat to our national security. 
(7) All parts of the Border Security, Eco-
nomic Opportunity, and Immigration Mod-ernization Act are premised on the right and need of the United States to achieve these goals, and to protect its borders and main-tain its sovereignty. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that the full House vote on comprehensive immigration reform—such as the Border Se-curity, Economic Opportunity, and Immigra-tion Modernization Act—to boost our econ-omy, lower deficits, establish clear and just rules for citizenship, and secure our borders. 
SEC. 516. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON NATIONAL 
SECURITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) we must continue to support a strong 
military that is second to none and the size and the structure of our military have to be driven by a strategy; 
(2) those who serve in uniform are our 
most important security resource and the Administration and Congress shall continue to provide the support they need to success-fully carry out the missions the country gives them; 
(3) in testimony before the House Armed 
Service Committee on March 18, 2015, Sec-retary of Defense Ashton Carter stated that the Defense Department needs funding it re-quests for regular, ‘‘base budget’’ activities appropriated in the base budget because it provides stability in planning for the future; 
(4) in testimony before the House Armed 
Service Committee on March 18, 2015, Under Secretary of Defense Michael McCord said the Pentagon does not need $36 billion or $38 billion extra in the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) budget; 
(5) OCO designation has been used as a 
backdoor loophole to fund regular base budg-et activities. This gimmick avoids con-fronting the problem of sequestration and does not address the country’s priorities in a comprehensive and transparent manner. In addition to undermining the integrity of the budget process, it perpetuates funding uncer-tainty for all Government agencies, includ-ing the Department of Defense; (6) a growing economy is the foundation of 
our security and enables the country to pro-vide the resources for a strong military, sound homeland security agencies, and effec-tive diplomacy and international develop-ment; 
(7) the Nation’s projected long-term debt 
could have serious consequences for our economy and security, and that more effi-cient military spending has to be part of an overall plan that effectively deals with this problem; 
(8) reining in wasteful spending at the Na-
tion’s security agencies, including the De-partment of Defense—the last department still unable to pass an audit—such as the elimination of duplicative programs that have been identified by the Government Ac-countability Office needs to continue as a priority; 
(9) according to GAO, 42 percent of the De-
partment of Defense’s major weapons system acquisition programs had unit cost growth of 25 percent or more and effective implementa-tion of weapons acquisition reforms at the Department of Defense can help control ex-cessive cost growth in the development of new weapons systems and help ensure that weapons systems are delivered on time and in adequate quantities to equip our service-men and servicewomen; 
(10) the Department of Defense should con-
tinue to review defense plans and require-ments to ensure that weapons developed to counter Cold War-era threats are not redun-dant and are applicable to 21st century threats, which should include, with the par-ticipation of the National Nuclear Security Administration, examination of require-ments for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nu-clear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons and infrastructure modernization; 
(11) weapons technologies should be proven 
to work through adequate testing before ad-vancing them to the production phase of the acquisition process; 
(12) the Pentagon’s operation and mainte-
nance budget has grown for decades between 2.5 percent and 3.0 percent above inflation each year on a per service member basis, and it is imperative that unsustainable cost 
growth be controlled in this area; 
(13) nearly all of the increase in the Fed-
eral civilian workforce from 2001 to 2014 is due to increases at security-related agen-cies—Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Veterans Affairs, and Department of Justice—and the increase, in part, represents a transition to ensure civil servants, as opposed to private contractors, are performing inherently gov-ernmental work and an increase to a long-de-pleted acquisition and auditing workforce at the Pentagon to ensure effective manage-ment of weapons systems programs, to elimi-nate the use of contractors to oversee other contractors, and to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse; 
(14) proposals to implement an indiscrimi-
nate 10 percent across-the-board cut to the Federal civilian workforce would adversely affect security agencies, leaving them unable to manage their total workforce, which in-cludes contractors, and their operations in a cost-effective manner; and 
(15) cooperative threat reduction and other 
nonproliferation programs (securing ‘‘loose nukes’’ and other materials used in weapons of mass destruction), which were highlighted as high priorities by the 9/11 Commission, need to be funded at a level that is commen-surate with the evolving threat. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that— 
(1) the sequester required by the Budget 
Control Act of 2011 for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 should be rescinded and re-placed by a deficit reduction plan that is bal-anced, that makes smart spending cuts, that 
requires everyone to pay their fair share, and that takes into account a comprehensive na-tional security strategy that includes careful consideration of international, defense, homeland security, and law enforcement pro-grams; and 
(2) efficiencies can be achieved in the na-
tional defense budget without compromising our security through greater emphasis on eliminating duplicative and wasteful pro-grams, reforming the acquisition process, identifying and constraining unsustainable operating costs, and through careful analysis of our national security needs. 
SEC. 517. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON CLIMATE 
CHANGE SCIENCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The United States Government Ac-
countability Office described climate change as, ‘‘a complex, crosscutting issue that poses risks to many environmental and economic systems—including agriculture, infrastruc-ture, ecosystems, and human health—and presents a significant financial risk to the Federal Government’’. 
(2) The Department of Defense’s Climate 
Change Adaptation Roadmap warns, ‘‘Cli-mate change will affect the Department of Defense’s ability to defend the Nation and poses immediate risks to U.S. national secu-rity’’. 
(3) The National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration’s National Climatic Data Center reported 14 of the 15 warmest years on record occurred in the first 15 years of this century. Furthermore, 2014 was the warmest year on record across global land and ocean surfaces. 
(4) The United Nations’ Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change concluded the ef-fects of climate change are occurring world-wide, ‘‘The impacts of climate change have already been felt in recent decades on all continents and across the oceans’’. 
(5) The United States National Research 
Council’s National Climate Assessment and Development Advisory Committee found cli-mate change affects, ‘‘human health, water supply, agriculture, transportation, energy, coastal areas, and many other sectors of so-ciety, with increasingly adverse impacts on the American economy and quality of life’’. 
(b) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
that climate change presents a significant fi-nancial risk to the Federal Government. Cli-mate change science provides critical infor-mation for protecting human health, defend-ing the United States, and preserving eco-nomic and environmental systems through-out the world. 
SEC. 518. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON FINANCIAL 
CONSUMER PROTECTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds that— 
(1) the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-
reau (the Bureau) created by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act of 2010 is an important component of the country’s response to the financial cri-sis and recession; 
(2) the Bureau is playing a critical role in 
protecting student loan borrowers, older Americans, service members, and other con-sumers, especially in minority and low-in-come communities. It has implemented new rules for mortgage markets and prepaid cards, and also successfully recovered $5.3 billion on behalf of more than 15 million con-sumers and service members; 
(3) the Bureau’s funding from the Federal 
Reserve’s operations help give it important independence from efforts to interfere with its vital mission and activities, independence on par with every other banking regulator; and 
(4) the Bureau has already faced and over-
come efforts to obstruct its operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1975 March 25, 2015 
(b) P OLICY .—It is the policy of the House 
Congress will continue to support the vital work of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and retain its current financing structure to fund its resource needs. 
SEC. 519. POLICY OF THE HOUSE ON THE USE OF 
TAXPAYER FUNDS. 
It is the policy of this resolution that the 
House should lead by example and identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, con-ferences, utilities, telecommunications, fur-niture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spend-
ing. The Committee on House Administra-tion shall review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members of Con-gress and House Committees, and shall iden-tify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the operation of the House gym, Barbershop, Salon, and the House dining room. Further, it is the policy of this resolution that no tax-payer funds may be used to purchase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
SEC. 520. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE REDUC-TION OF UNNECESSARY AND WASTE-FUL SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(‘‘GAO’’) is required by law to identify exam-ples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified doz-ens of such examples. 
(2) The Comptroller General has stated 
that addressing the identified waste, duplica-tion, and overlap in Federal programs ‘‘could lead to tens of billions of dollars of addi-tional savings, with significant opportunities for improved efficiencies, cost savings, or revenue enhancements’’. 
(3) The Federal Government spends about 
$80 billion each year for information tech-nology. GAO has identified opportunities for savings and improved efficiencies in the Gov-ernment’s information technology infra-structure. 
(4) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$125 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2014. 
(5) Under clause 2 of Rule XI of the Rules 
of the House of Representatives, each stand-ing committee must hold at least one hear-ing during each 120 day period following its establishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management in Government programs. 
(6) According to the Congressional Budget 
Office, by fiscal year 2016, 35 laws will expire. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of program justification and effectiveness. 
(7) The findings resulting from congres-
sional oversight of Federal Government pro-grams may result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
(b) P
OLICY .—Each authorizing committee 
annually shall include in its Views and Esti-mates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget of programs within the jurisdiction of such committee whose funding should be changed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I am putting forward the Democratic 
alternative budget on behalf of my col-leagues. It is based on a very different view of how our economy in this coun-try has grown historically and how it should grow in the future. 
As we have heard from our Repub-
lican colleagues, their theory of the economy is top down, trickle down. They want to cut the top tax rates for folks at the very top, the millionaires, on the hope that the benefits will trickle down and lift everybody up. We tried that under President Bush. It lift-ed up folks who were already at the top of the ladder. Everybody else was run-ning in place or falling behind. 
We believe that you accelerate eco-
nomic growth through more oppor-tunity and more shared prosperity, not from the top down, but by making sure that hard-working Americans can earn a little bit more and go out and spend it at the shopping center and in any way they want to support their fami-lies and have a good standard of living. 
So while the Republican budget helps 
folks at the very top with additional tax rate cuts and squeezes working families, our budget provides more re-lief to those working families. How? We adopt, for example, the President’s proposed expanded child and dependent care tax credit. So if you are a working family and you want to make sure your child has a safe and secure environ-ment with quality care, like every fam-ily would who is working, we provide a much bigger tax credit so that you can ensure that quality and safer environ-ment for your child. Or if you have a loved one at home, an elderly loved one at home, but you are working, we want to make sure that you have a tax cred-it so that the costs you pay for that care don’t come out of your paycheck at the end. 
The Democratic budget is in stark 
contrast to the Republican budget, which actually increases the costs on working families. They get rid of the college tax deduction; they get rid of the step-up on the child tax credit; they get rid of the step-up on the Mak-ing Work Pay earned income tax cred-it; and of course they wipe out the Af-fordable Care tax credits that help mil-lions of Americans have affordable health care. So their budget is squeez-ing folks in the middle and working to-ward the middle. 
They raise the interest rates on col-
lege students. We provide additional resources to help make college more affordable, and we adopt the Presi-dent’s plan for income-based student loan repayments. 
They will immediately increase the 
cost for prescription drugs for seniors on Medicare and increase the copays for preventive care, for people who have worked hard for a secure environ-ment. We don’t do that in our budget. 
So this is a budget that supports 
working families in America and in-vests in our future, not one that 
squeezes those families harder and disinvests in America. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Before I begin, I want to join with 
my colleague on the Committee on the Budget, the ranking member, in pro-viding a letter for the R
ECORD com-
mending Doug Elmendorf, Director of the Congressional Budget Office, whose time at the CBO is coming to a close. His final day is March 31. He has served this Nation for the last 6 years as the Director of the Congressional Budget Office, and the ranking member, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and I will be inserting a 
letter into the R ECORD to commend 
him for his service. 
I yield to the gentleman from Mary-
land to say a few words about Director Elmendorf. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I appreciate the 
gentleman yielding to me and us work-ing together to salute Dr. Elmendorf, who, by all accounts, has done a ter-rific job at the Congressional Budget Office. He has led that office with great professionalism, and I think he has continued to uphold the integrity of CBO. I think we have all benefited from his wisdom over the years. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, March 24, 2015. 
STATEMENT BY CHAIRMAN TOMPRICE, M.D. 
AND RANKING MEMBER CHRIS VANHOLLEN  
OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET  
RECOGNIZING DOUGLAS W . ELMENDORF , DIREC -
TOR OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE  
Douglas W. Elmendorf is the eighth Direc-
tor of the Congressional Budget Office who was initially appointed on January 22, 2009, to complete the previous four-year term of office; he was later reappointed to serve through January 3, 2015. Dr. Elmendorf gra-ciously agreed to remain at CBO beyond the end of his term to ensure CBO’s smooth and steady operations while the process of ap-pointing his successor was completed. His tenure as CBO Director is the second longest of all CBO’s directors, behind only CBO’s first director, Alice Rivlin. 
Before he came to CBO, Dr. Elmendorf was 
a senior fellow and the Edward M. Bernstein Scholar in the Economic Studies program at the Brookings Institution. He was previously an assistant professor at Harvard University, a principal analyst at CBO, a senior econo-mist at the White House’s Council of Eco-nomic Advisers, a deputy assistant secretary for economic policy at the Treasury Depart-ment, and an assistant director of the Divi-sion of Research and Statistics at the Fed-eral Reserve Board. In those positions, he worked on budget policy, Social Security, Medicare, health care issues, financial mar-kets, macroeconomic analysis and fore-casting, and other topics. He earned his Ph.D. and A.M. in economics from Harvard University, where he was a National Science Foundation graduate fellow, and his A.B. summa cum laude from Princeton Univer-sity. 
While Dr. Elmendorf’s credentials clearly 
qualified him to be the CBO Director, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.007 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1976 March 25, 2015 
would probably be the first to say that noth-
ing can really prepare you for the job. We in Congress place heavy and sometimes unrea-sonable demands on CBO to produce non-partisan, high-quality analyses in a timely fashion. Under his leadership, CBO has con-sistently responded to these demands and helped us to understand the budgetary and economic implications of our actions. The legislative issues have been contentious and complex. But throughout his tenure, CBO has remained true to its nonpartisan tradi-tion and has provided the high-quality, cut-ting-edge analysis that we need under ex-tremely challenging circumstances. 
Under his leadership, CBO has been a con-
sistent and dependable source of objective information and analysis on a range of criti-cally important issues. For example, as Con-gress grappled with the aftermath of the fis-cal crisis and recession, he enhanced CBO’s capacity to perform cutting-edge analysis of the economic effects of various policy re-sponses, and he has continued to strengthen CBO’s capabilities in that area and in many others. Along with high-quality analysis, he was worked hard to be sure that CBO pro-vided clear explanations of both the basis and results of those analyses—through the clarity of its reports and, on many occasions, through his clear and cogent testimony be-fore Congressional committees. And he has made himself personally available—at all times of day and night—to Members on both 
sides of the aisle to receive our urgent re-quests for estimates, to answer our ques-tions, or to hear our complaints. 
Dr. Elmendorf has never shied away from 
delivering tough and sometimes blunt mes-sages to lawmakers about the fiscal chal-lenges that the nation is facing. He has never stepped over the line to tell us what we should do, but he has made very clear that the status quo is not an option over the long term. In the end, his professionalism and conviction are the hallmarks of a strong CBO director. 
As CBO transitions to new leadership, we 
thank Doug for his time as director and for the dedication, energy, and commitment he has brought to the position. CBO, the Con-gress, and the people of this nation have been served well by the outstanding leader-ship of Douglas W. Elmendorf. 
T
OMPRICE, M.D., 
Chairman, House 
Budget Committee. 
CHRIS VANHOLLEN , 
Ranking Democrat, 
House Budget Com-mittee. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I do want to commend my Democratic colleagues for coming for-ward with a budget. It is important to have contrasting visions that are able to be debated here on the floor of the House. 
I am not surprised, but I am often-
times amused by the misinformation and the distortion that comes from our colleagues on the other side. Mr. Chair-man, we have had now three separate budgets that have been offered by our friends on the other side: first, the Pro-gressive Caucus budget, then the CBC budget, now the Democratic Caucus budget. 
I want to have our colleagues focus 
on the comparison, side by side, of this budget that is being offered to that of the Republican budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. These numbers on the far column there of the Democratic budget identify specific areas in their budget and how they 
compare to the Republican budget. 
In taxes, how do they compare in 
taxes? You hear our friends talking about taxes all the time. $1.9 trillion in new taxes—$1.9 trillion. Spending, what do they do on spending? $6.3 tril-lion in spending over the Republican budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. What about defi-cits? $4.6 trillion in increased deficits. Debt? $4.7 trillion in increased debt over a 10-year period of time. What do they do to defense in these perilous times in our Nation and in our world? Decrease spending on defense compared to the Republican budget by $314 bil-lion. 
You would think with all of those 
taxes and all of that spending that you would get to balance, you would get to a point where the revenue that is com-ing into the Federal Government would equal the spending that is going out, but their budget never, ever, ever, ever balances. I guess they take their lead from the President. 
So let’s take a little closer look at a 
couple of these issues. 
Tax increases. Taxes, taxes, taxes, 
taxes; that is what we hear from the folks on the other side. After raising over a trillion dollars in taxes for ObamaCare and forcing through over $600 billion in new taxes during the fis-cal cliff discussion and debate, now they are calling for another massive tax increase of $1.9 trillion. Even with these huge tax increases already en-acted into law, the Democrat budget never balances—ever, ever, ever—be-cause it refuses to reduce spending, and it refuses to address the biggest drivers of our debt. 
Their substitute calls for more taxes 
on families, more taxes on small busi-nesses. Even though, Mr. Chairman, the Congressional Budget Office tells us that the Federal revenue collection will exceed, will be greater than the 40- year average level—about 17.4 percent of gross domestic product, every year greater than that number, every year for the next decade—that is not enough for our friends on the other side. In other words, Washington is on track to collect more taxes from the American people than it ever has in the past, but Democrats want Washington to take even more. 
b1530 
As has been said so many times, 
Washington doesn’t have a revenue problem; we have got a spending prob-lem—and there is no doubt about it that the American people understand that. 
The Democratic budget rhetoric 
claims to raise an additional $1.9 tril-lion by ‘‘rejecting tax breaks for the wealthy and closing special interest loopholes.’’ 
Look out, ladies and gentlemen. 
What that clever rhetoric really means is that they are going to hit small busi-nesses with even more taxes. Why? Why is that? Because the majority of small businesses, non-C corp busi-
nesses, the majority of those busi-nesses that create jobs around this country pay taxes under the individual income system. That is how they do it. That is who those folks want to pun-ish—the job creators. 
These tax hike ideas end up impact-
ing successful small businesses all across this country. As I mentioned, they represent the job creation engine of our economy, over 60 percent of the jobs being created—two-thirds of the jobs being created—for all private sec-tor jobs generated by small businesses. 
So, despite the facts that we present, 
the Democrat budget would continue the failed policy of Washington picking winners and losers, rewarding their friends, punishing their political en-emies, distorting the free market, fur-ther distorting an already overly com-plex Tax Code, all of which would have disastrous results of subsidizing pri-vate investors’ profits and socializing what should be private investors’ losses. So, more taxes. 
What about spending cuts? Any 
spending cuts? 
Despite their call for a balanced ap-
proach, the Democrat budget never, ever balances. In fact, it doesn’t even come close to passing the Democrats’ prior test of balance, which they de-fined as having equal parts tax in-creases and spending reductions. 
Interestingly, the Democrats con-
tinue to be moving away from their previously described balanced ap-proach. Under this approach, their lat-est budget, a balanced approach ap-pears to be requiring both tax increases and spending increases. In fact, the Democratic substitute would increase spending by $855 billion more than just staying on our current path. 
In other words, their substitute con-
tains zero spending reductions and con-tains $1.9 trillion in tax increases and $855 billion in spending increases. 
It is not the direction the American 
people desire, clearly; not the direction that gets on a path to balance; not the direction that get us on a positive solu-tion to addressing the challenges that we face. 
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger 
America is the direction in which we need to go, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let’s just dispel with a myth from 
the start, which is that the Republican budget balances. 
As we have heard, only if you believe 
in budget quackery does it do this. Even a newspaper like USA Today, which has no partisan bent to it, blew the whistle on all the accounting gim-micks in the Republican budget. 
Now, let me just say a word about 
revenues and taxes. The Democratic budget doesn’t call for any increase in any tax rate on anybody, unlike the Republican budget that refuses to close one special interest tax break to reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.009 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1977 March 25, 2015 
the deficit, which they say is the pri-
mary objective. Rather than close one special interest tax break to reduce the deficit, they don’t touch a single one— not for corporate jets, not for hedge fund managers. 
I want everybody to look at this 
chart. This is from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. What they say is that each year there are outlays. We spend $1.4 trillion on tax breaks in the United States—more than on Social Security in any year, more than on Medicaid and Medicare combined. 
Well, if I give you, Mr. Speaker, a 
thousand dollars from the government, I can also deliver that same benefit by telling you that of the taxes you owe me, pay me a thousand dollars less. Maybe you have got a great powerful lobbyist who is getting you a special break, so that when the normal person has to pay regular tax rates, you get a special deduction. 
Now, some of the deductions are for 
good causes, but many are not. And where do most of those tax breaks go— or should I say a disproportionate amount of those tax benefits, often put there by powerful lobbyists? Again, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice says that 17 percent of the benefits of those tax breaks, special deductions, 17 percent go to the top 1 percent of in-come earners. 
So it is true. The Democratic budget 
does want to close some of those spe-cial interest tax breaks that go to folks at the very top rather than cut our kids’ education, rather than slash our investment innovation. 
And lo and behold, we saw the most 
recent example of the Republican plan to provide more tax breaks to the folks at the very top end of the income scale just today in the Ways and Means Com-mittee. 
Right now you don’t have any estate 
tax obligation as a couple if your es-tate is lower than $10 million. If your estate is lower than $10 million per couple, your estate is exempt. But we do have a tax rate on the amount over $10 million because I thought in this country we do not believe that people should get ahead just by the wealth they inherited from others, but through their hard work and labor. 
So we proposed to change the Tax 
Code in a way that rewards work rath-er than in a way that just rewards in-herited wealth of $10 million, an estate that is going to help just 5,000 families. 
That is why the Democratic budget 
rewards hard-working families rather than other tax rates for folks at the top. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My friend from Maryland will be 
pleased to know that our vision for tax reform is positive, robust, and makes certain that all Americans benefit. That is what our budget does. It lifts up all Americans. We don’t pick win-ners and losers. We are not interested 
in dividing the country. 
What our friends on the other side 
seem to have as their stock in trade is dividing, pitting one American against another. That is not America. Good gracious almighty. 
Let’s talk about taxes. They want to 
increase taxes as far as the eye can see. They don’t want to bring about any spending reductions, understanding that what is happening right now in terms of the debt in this country, what we have got is a level of debt that was only surpassed during World War II. 
This is a chart that demonstrates the 
debt of this country from 1940 through 2040, projections from 2015 on. Our debt right now is at a level that was only surpassed at the end of World War II. 
And where does current law take it? 
Where does the budget that our friends on the other side of the aisle propose take the debt? Higher than ever be-fore—ever in the history of the coun-try. 
What does that red line mean? It 
means fewer jobs, fewer opportunity choices for individuals, fewer dreams realized, Mr. Chairman. This red line is the destruction of the American Dream. That is what it is. 
That is why our Balanced Budget for 
a Stronger America is the way to go. It gets our economy under control, gets the economy rolling again, gets the debt under control, gets us to balance, and puts us on a path to paying off the debt. 
What do they want to do with spend-
ing? It follows the same tried and failed plan of more spending, with the promise of deficit reduction and eco-nomic growth later, which never oc-curs. We have tried it before. We know the results. 
What did we achieve for all the 
spending that our friends on the other side of the aisle have brought about? The lowest labor force participation rates in decades. What does that mean? Fewer people working, Mr. Chairman. Poverty rates stuck at high levels. Twenty percent of the kids in this country are living in poverty right now. That is under the policies that these folks want to double down on. 
We have seen the Washington metro-
politan area is the home of 6 of the 10 richest counties in all of America. That is a Federal Government that has grown beyond all proportion. And we have seen, as I mentioned, levels of debt that haven’t been seen since the end of World War II. 
So, if more government spending led 
to higher growth in job creation, we would be experiencing an economic boom the likes of which we have never seen. But the economic track record of recent years clearly has been abysmal. 
Real GDP growth over the past 4 
years averaged just over 2 percent, where the average of the last 40 years is over 30 percent. Those are real jobs, Mr. Chairman, that have been lost by this administration and by our friends who want to double down. It is the slowest recovery that we have ever had 
coming out of an economic downturn. 
The labor force participation rate is 
at 62.8 percent, the lowest level in over 35 years. Roughly 8.7 million Ameri-cans are currently unemployed, and those who are working have seen mea-ger, meager real wage growth. 
So more taxes, no spending reduc-
tions, more spending, more debt, more destruction of jobs, more destruction of dreams. Sadly, that is what our friends on the other side of the aisle are pro-posing. 
A Balanced Budget for a Stronger 
America is the way to go, Mr. Chair-man. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, it 
is interesting listening to the chair-man, since the nonpartisan CBO says the Republican budget will slow down economic growth in the next couple of years. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ), a ter-
rific new member of the Budget Com-mittee. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong support of the Democratic al-ternative budget we are discussing today, which addresses the many issues working families are dealing with, but there is one provision in particular that I want to highlight on long-term care. 
As the ranking member and too 
many Americans know, long-term care is a concern that nearly every Amer-ican family is confronting or will con-front in the coming years. We have made great strides to improve our health care system in the last few years, but what we have a strong need for is a comprehensive, long-term plan for how seniors can get the day-to-day help they need for the basic tasks of living, like meal preparation, eating, bathing, and getting dressed in the morning. 
Too many seniors today are relying 
on a complex, disconnected system full of barriers that doesn’t work. It is a system designed for the 20th century, while we are living in the 21st century. Addressing it will save money and can improve the quality of life for many. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. DINGELL. So, to address this 
problem, the Democratic budget con-tains revenue-neutral language that would allow the House to consider leg-islation today to begin to resolve the long-term care crisis in our country. It is an important priority, and it is im-portant that it has been included in our alternative budget. 
My hope is that we can all work to-
gether on this soon in a bipartisan way. Not dealing with it is not going to make it go away, I thank the ranking member for working with us. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to the time remaining on each side? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.045 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1978 March 25, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. P RICE) has 51⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) has 71⁄2 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N OR-
CROSS ), another of our great new mem-
bers of the Budget Committee. 
Mr. NORCROSS. I thank my col-
league for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I come from a Demo-
cratic statehouse where we had to find common ground with a Republican Governor in order to make a budget pass that made sense. Now I sit on the Budget Committee as a freshman here in Washington where we are asked to vote on a budget that makes no sense at all. 
We all agree that students are now 
saddled with too much debt, and cer-tainly my colleagues across the aisle want to cut $220 billion from education funding, freeze Pell grants, and limit students’ access to loan programs. That doesn’t make sense. 
We all agree that we need to create 
jobs and get businesses to reinvest here in America, and the best way to do that is to invest here, in ourselves, in America. Yet their budget provides no new resources to upgrade our transpor-tation and water systems, expand ac-cess to high speed Internet, or harden our electric grid, which is at risk. That doesn’t make sense. 
Instead, I urge my colleagues to vote 
for the Democratic alternative that will provide the tools students and families will need to survive and suc-ceed in our economy, create jobs by in-vesting in research and infrastructure, properly fund a strong national de-fense, and make good on our promise to our seniors by strengthening Medicaid and Social Security. 
That makes sense. This is why I am 
asking for my colleagues to join with me and vote for the Democratic alter-native. 
b1545 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 min-utes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), the vice chairman of the 
Budget Committee. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the chairman 
for this process. 
All day today, we have been consid-
ering substitute budgets, laid bare, in the people’s House, in this Chamber, for everyone to view and critique; and I think that is a good thing. 
Considering the Democrat substitute 
amendment, their budget, it adds an additional $4.7 trillion to the debt versus our budget. As we stand here today, we already have $18 trillion worth of debt and another at least $100 trillion on the way over the next sev-eral decades, completely unsustainable. 
This comes despite, under their plan, 
a $1.9 trillion tax hike that we have al-ready talked about. This shows, once 
again, that you can’t solve our debt problems by chasing ever higher spend-ing with ever higher taxes. 
The fact of the matter is, right now, 
we take in, as a Federal Government, over $2.5 trillion of the people’s prop-erty. It is the people’s property that we confiscate, some of it rightly so, to run the things that we need—but $2.5 tril-lion, Mr. Chairman, we have a spending problem, not a revenue problem when you consider that we—excuse me. It is probably nearly $3 trillion now when we kick in nearly $3.5 trillion of spend-ing also. 
When you analyze this, if you look at 
it, the CBO said—and this was in a let-ter to former Chairman R
YAN—that tax 
rates would have to nearly double by 2030 if we are to stabilize our debt by using tax increases alone, as this Democratic substitute would do. 
Now, here is what CBO says about 
rates. By 2023, everyone’s income tax would have to increase by 33 percent; by 2030, rates would have to increase by 48 percent, and by 2050, rates would have to increase by 86 percent in order to account for the debt load that the Democratic budget wants to put not only on us, but our children and grand-children. 
We stand here today as the first gen-
eration in American history that, by any objective measure, is going to leave the next one worse off. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
the gentleman an extra 1 minute. 
Mr. ROKITA. We cannot let that hap-
pen. This is what we came to Congress to solve, at least for many of us, hope-fully, Republicans and Democrats, so that we are not the first generation in American history to leave the next one worse off. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As we have heard throughout the de-
bate, there is a fundamental difference in how the United States grows our economy. I think if you look, histori-cally, the reason we have grown the economy over time is because, for a long period, especially in the postwar period, as Americans worked harder, they were able to translate that harder work into higher incomes. 
We are supporting a tax system that 
rewards hard work. Our colleagues con-tinue to stand by a tax system that ac-tually gives better treatment to what is called unearned income, compared to earned income. In other words, if you earn income simply through making money off of money, you actually get a lower rate than money earned from hard work, like most Americans do every day. 
When you look at the fact that 17 
percent of the tax breaks in the coun-try go to people in the top 1 percent, it is the Tax Code itself that is currently rigged in favor of powerful special in-terests. Why should it be rigged against 
working people and in favor of people who can afford to hire powerful lobby-ists to get tax breaks for themselves that benefit nobody else? That doesn’t make any sense. 
Today, just today, in the Ways and 
Means Committee, as I said, the com-mittee that deals with taxes, our Re-publican colleagues are saying that they want to get rid entirely of the es-tate tax. Right now, if you are a cou-ple, $10 million of your estate is ex-empt. You don’t pay a penny; but, yes, we do ask people who have accumu-lated lots of wealth to contribute a lit-tle bit to the country that helped them develop such a great lifestyle. 
I thought we were a country where 
we wanted to reward people who pulled themselves up by their bootstraps through hard work; yet we have a Re-publican budget that says we are going to provide 5,500 families with this huge tax break today. 
At the same time, we are cutting our 
investment in education, an invest-ment that we know helps millions and millions of American families earn a better living over time; but, no, let’s cut that. Let’s increase the cost of stu-dent loans. Let’s give 5,500 families a huge tax break. 
Teddy Roosevelt would be turning in 
his grave at this Republican budget. He would support the Democratic budget that lifts up everybody, makes sure ev-erybody gets a fair shake. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I am prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time remains on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland has 3 minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Georgia has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Let me just, again, underscore a cou-
ple of key points here. We saw, during the early years of the 2000s, what an economy based on the trickle-down theory looks like, right? 
Under President Bush, the theory 
was, okay, we are just going to cut tax rates for millionaires, thinking that the benefits were going to lift up every-body in the economy. What happened in the real world to that economic the-ory? It crashed and burned. 
The reality was that people at the 
top did very well. God bless them; they did great, but everybody else, they were running in place. Paychecks flatlined, wages stagnant, and this has been a chronic problem for some period of time; then we went off the cliff. 
When President Obama was sworn in, 
we were losing 800,000 jobs every month. Now, we are coming out of that. Millions of people have gone back to work. We have got a long way to go, but we are coming out. 
The Republican budget, according to 
the nonpartisan Congressional Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.046 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1979 March 25, 2015 
Office, will slow down economic growth 
in the next couple of years. Why would we want to do that? 
Again, their theory is let’s accelerate 
economic growth by trying, again, what failed before. Look, the definition of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. 
They want to cut top tax rates for 
folks at the top again. They want to eliminate the estate tax that will ben-efit 5,500 households, run up $269 billion on the deficit. That is what they want to do. 
The Democratic budget does some-
thing very different. We want to em-power hard-working American fami-lies. We want to change the incentives 
in the Tax Code to incentivize higher pay. 
For example, we say that corpora-
tions should not be able to deduct CEO and executive bonuses over $1 million unless they are giving their workers a pay increase, right? Pay your CEOs whatever you want, but you don’t get a taxpayer subsidy for those deductions if you are laying off workers or you are cutting their wages. 
Corporations deducted about $70 bil-
lion in CEO bonuses over a 3-year pe-riod, from 2007 to 2010. We say: Why should the taxpayers be doing that for 
corporations that are cutting pay for their employees? 
Our Republican colleagues continue 
to embrace a tax code that is rigged in favor of folks who have powerful lobby-ists here to get special interest deduc-tions. That is why the top 1 percent get 17 percent of the value of all those tax breaks. 
Let’s have a tax system that 
incentivizes higher pay. Let’s invest in our kids’ future, not slash our invest-ment in education and innovation. Let’s invest in the future of America. That is what the Democratic budget does. 
I urge adoption of the Democratic al-
ternative. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I think it is important to recognize 
that the Congressional Budget Office actually says that our budget grows GDP at the end of the 10-year window that we talk about. In order to turn this battleship in a direction, it takes a little while, but we are prepared to do that. We are offering positive solu-tions. 
I want to revisit, though, the debt. 
Admiral Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was asked just a few years ago what the greatest secu-rity threat to the United States was. The highest ranking military officer in the land was asked what the greatest threat to the United States was, and he said the debt. 
This red line right here, this is what 
he was talking about, increasing debt beyond as far as the eye can see, more than we have ever had; and that is what the Democrat budget does. This is the current path that we are 
on right now, unless it has changed: fewer jobs, fewer dreams realized, fewer opportunities, fewer choices for the American people. 
What does a debt crisis look like? We 
haven’t seen one here. What does it look like? Higher interest rates on ev-erything from mortgages to credit cards to car loans, lower business in-vestments and opportunities, lower wages for people struggling just to hold on to their jobs, fewer resources for critical government services, a crowd-ing out of all the things that folks on both sides of the aisle say they want to use—in short, less opportunity, less hope, fewer dreams realized, a very sad future for America. 
That is not us. That is not America. 
That is not the people that we are. What we are is a balanced budget, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger Amer-ica, positive solutions. 
Our budget proposes that we balance 
in less than 10 years, reduce spending by $5.5 trillion over that period of time, strong support for our national de-fense, higher spending for national de-fense than the President or the Demo-crats proposed in these very dangerous times, repealing all of ObamaCare in its entirety—not just because it is harmful to the economy, it is harmful to the health of this Nation. 
As a formerly practicing physician, I 
can attest to that. All you have to do is listen to my former professional col-leagues. 
We secure economic opportunity, fair 
and simple tax reform, ending the too- big-to-fail bank bailouts. We cut cor-porate welfare. We embrace federalism, including increasing opportunity and choices for folks, whether it is in the healthcare arena, whether it is in nu-tritional assistance, whether it is in education, getting those decisions back in the States and local communities where they belong. 
To hold Washington accountable, we 
cut waste and fraud and abuse, make certain that we support the rights of conscience for healthcare providers and physicians across this land. We push back on the incredible overreach of this administration. 
We stop the President’s war on coal. 
We prevent his carbon tax increase. We hold the IRS accountable and make certain that they stop targeting the American taxpayers. 
There is a positive vision for our 
country, Mr. Chair, a positive vision. It will deliver real results for the Amer-ican people, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the substitute 
and a ‘‘yes’’ on Price 2 and the final passage of the budget at the end of all this. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today in support of the House Democratic budget, which invests in hardworking Amer-ican families. Our budget gives Americans the opportunities they need to get ahead. I also rise in opposition to the House Re-
publican budget, which asks the American people to work harder for less money. It offers the same job-killing, paycheck-shrinking poli-cies that Americans have opposed time and time again. 
When you compare these two budgets, the 
choice becomes clear. The Democratic budget will grow our economy and create jobs. The Republican budget will slash our economic growth by 2.5 percent and cost our nation nearly three million jobs in 2017 alone. 
The Democratic budget will preserve the Af-
fordable Care Act, which has enabled more than 16 million Americans to obtain quality, af-fordable health coverage. The Republican budget will repeal the Affordable Care Act and eliminate this health coverage. 
The Democratic budget makes room for 
comprehensive immigration reform, which will bring clarity to our immigration system, secure our borders, and foster economic growth. The Republican budget continues to ignore the crit-ical issue of comprehensive immigration re-form. 
The Democratic budget will provide tax relief 
to hardworking families, including extensions of the Child Tax Credit, the Earned Income Tax Credit, and tax credits for higher edu-cation. The Republican budget will raise taxes by $2,000 for a typical working family, while 
millionaires will get an average tax cut of more than $200,000. 
The Democratic budget will protect Medicaid 
for working families and preserve nutrition as-sistance for families with low incomes. The Republican budget will make steep cuts to Medicaid and nutrition assistance, which will jeopardize the health of millions of Americans, including children, the elderly, and people with disabilities. 
The Democratic budget will preserve the 
Medicare guarantee. The Republican budget will eliminate the Medicare guarantee and raise traditional Medicare premiums by an av-erage of 50 percent. 
The Democratic budget will ensure access 
to a high quality education for all, and give students the assistance they need to pay for college. The Republican budget will end tax cuts that help millions of working families af-ford college, slash more than $220 billion in funding for student loans and college aid, and gut investments in K–12 education. 
The Republican budget does not come 
close to addressing the needs of our nation; on the contrary, their budget contains dev-astating cuts that will make life harder for the American people. 
America needs the Democratic budget, 
which champions the interests of all Ameri-cans, rather than a fortunate few. The Demo-cratic budget makes it easier for hardworking Americans to send their children to college, own a home, and have a secure and enjoy-able retirement. I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. V
ANHOLLEN  
for his leadership as our Ranking Member on the Budget Committee and I thank him for his commitment to helping America’s working fam-ilies. 
Mr. Chair, as I’ve said—our budget is a 
statement of our national priorities. 
The Republican budget tells the American 
people that our priority lies with the wealthy, special interests, and the top one-percent. 
The House Republican Budget is rigged 
against American families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.047 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1980 March 25, 2015 
It continues the failed austerity cuts that 
drive families further into poverty. 
It forces draconian cuts on the poor, while 
offering more handouts to the wealthiest Americans. 
It keeps special interest tax breaks while 
claiming that there is not enough left to edu-cate our young people. 
It is really unconscionable. By contrast, the Democratic Alternative 
Budget demonstrates a true commitment to our American ideal of opportunity for all. 
Our budget invests in families—too many of 
whom are making low wages and living below the poverty line. 
Our budget invests in our future by pro-
viding much-needed investments in our roads and bridges. 
It expands proven anti-poverty programs like 
the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit to create pathways out of poverty. 
And it increases funding for early childhood 
education, including the President’s Early Childhood Education Initiative, so every tod-dler is prepared to start and succeed in school. 
Finally—it includes comprehensive Immigra-
tion reform, which House Republicans have al-lowed to languish for two years since the Sen-ate passed bipartisan reforms—so families can come out of shadows and have a shot at the American Dream. 
This budget says that every single Amer-
ican—not just the wealthy few—deserves a chance to succeed. 
I urge my colleagues to support this amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–49 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. E
LLISON of 
Minnesota. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD of North Carolina. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. S TUTZMAN  
of Indiana. 
Amendment No. 4 by Mr. V ANHOLLEN  
of Maryland. 
The Chair will reduce to 5 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 96, noes 330, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 136] 
AYES—96 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Engel Farr 
Fattah Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Nadler 
Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sires Slaughter Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—330 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa 
O’Rourke Payne 
Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1624 
Messrs. DOGGETT, PITTENGER, 
LARSON of Connecticut, STIVERS, GENE GREEN of Texas, FINCHER, FRANKS of Arizona, Mrs. BLACK, Mr. M
CNERNEY, Ms. D EGETTE, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. SPEIER, and Mr. HOYER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. DIN-
GELL, Mr. CICILLINE, and Ms. SCHA-KOWSKY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, dur-
ing rollcall vote No. 136 on H. Con. Res. 27 Ellison Amendment 1, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.012 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1981 March 25, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . BUTTERFIELD  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 5- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 120, noes 306, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 137] 
AYES—120 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Fattah 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lofgren Lowenthal Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sires Slaughter Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—306 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa O’Rourke Payne 
Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1634 
Messrs. NEAL and GENE GREEN of 
Texas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Chair, dur-
ing rollcall vote No. 137 on H. Con. Res. 27 Butterfield Amendment 2, I mistakenly re-corded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have 
voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . STUTZMAN  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D ENHAM ). 
The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 5- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 132, noes 294, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 138] 
AYES—132 
Aderholt 
Amash Babin Barr Barton Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie 
Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jordan King (IA) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Yoho 
NOES—294 
Abraham 
Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.051 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1982 March 25, 2015 
Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom 
Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walters, Mimi 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa 
O’Rourke Payne 
Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1641 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PITTINGER changed his vote 
from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, during 
the vote on the Butterfield/Scott (VA)/Lee/ Moore Amendment in the Nature of a Sub-stitute to H. Con. Res. 27 and the Van Hollen Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute to H. Con. Res. 27, I was inescapably detained in my congressional district attending vitally im-portant district events commemorating the vot-ing rights movement. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on both of the afore-mentioned amendments in the nature of a Substitute to H. Con. Res. 27. Additionally, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Stutzman/Flores Amendment in the Na-ture of a Substitute H. Con. Res. 27. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 IN THE NATURE OF A  
SUBSTITUTE OFFERED BY MR . VAN HOLLEN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 5- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 160, noes 264, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 139] 
AYES—160 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman 
Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—264 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne 
Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.013 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1983 March 25, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Burgess Collins (NY) Hinojosa O’Rourke 
Payne Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1652 
Ms. GRANGER changed her vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 IN THE NATURE OF A SUB -
STITUTE OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—The Congress deter-
mines and declares that this concurrent res-olution establishes the budget for fiscal year 2016 and sets forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 201. Reconciliation in the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
Sec. 202. Reconciliation procedures. Sec. 203. Additional guidance for reconcili-
ation. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
Sec. 301. Submissions of findings for the 
elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 401. Cost estimates for major legisla-
tion to incorporate macro-economic effects. 
Sec. 402. Limitation on measures affecting 
Social Security solvency. 
Sec. 403. Budgetary treatment of adminis-
trative expenses. 
Sec. 404. Limitation on transfers from the 
general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Sec. 405. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 406. Fair value credit estimates. Sec. 407. Limitation on long-term spending. Sec. 408. Allocation for overseas contin-
gency operations/global war on terrorism. 
Sec. 409. Adjustments for improved control 
of budgetary resources. 
Sec. 410. Concepts, aggregates, allocations 
and application. 
Sec. 411. Rulemaking powers. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 501. Reserve fund for the repeal of the 
President’s health care law. Sec. 502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund related 
to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
Sec. 504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. 
Sec. 505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
graduate medical education. 
Sec. 506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
trade agreements. 
Sec. 507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for re-
forming the tax code. 
Sec. 508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
revenue measures. 
Sec. 509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
duce poverty and increase op-portunity and upward mobility. 
Sec. 510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
transportation. 
Sec. 511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Federal retirement reform. 
Sec. 512. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for de-
fense sequester replacement. 
Sec. 513. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
overseas contingency oper-ations/global war on terrorism. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 601. Direct spending. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
Sec. 701. Long-term budgeting. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Sec. 801. Policy statement on balanced 
budget amendment. 
Sec. 802. Policy statement on budget process 
and baseline reform. 
Sec. 803. Policy statement on economic 
growth and job creation. 
Sec. 804. Policy statement on tax reform. Sec. 805. Policy statement on trade. Sec. 806. Policy statement on Social Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 807. Policy statement on repealing the 
President’s health care law and promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 808. Policy statement on Medicare. Sec. 809. Policy statement on medical dis-
covery, development, delivery and innovation. 
Sec. 810. Policy statement on Federal regu-
latory reform. 
Sec. 811. Policy statement on higher edu-
cation and workforce develop-ment opportunity. 
Sec. 812. Policy statement on Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 813. Policy statement on Federal ac-
counting methodologies. 
Sec. 814. Policy statement on scorekeeping 
for outyear budgetary effects in appropriation Acts. 
Sec. 815. Policy statement on reducing un-
necessary, wasteful, and unau-thorized spending. 
Sec. 816. Policy statement on deficit reduc-
tion through the cancellation of unobligated balances. 
Sec. 817. Policy statement on agency fees 
and spending. 
Sec. 818. Policy statement on responsible 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Sec. 819. Policy statement on ‘‘No Budget, 
No Pay’’. 
Sec. 820. Policy statement on national secu-
rity funding. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: (1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,666,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,763,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,858,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,974,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,099,410,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,241,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,388,688,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,550,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,722,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,905,648,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $0. Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. Fiscal year 2024: $0. Fiscal year 2025: $0. 
(2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,934,975,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,873,969,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,944,013,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,091,040,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,248,109,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,327,968,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,462,962,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,529,073,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,586,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,715,272,000,000. 
(3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,009,033,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,893,883,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,927,040,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,062,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,205,489,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,298,907,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,452,463,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,497,911,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,538,398,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,685,320,000,000. 
(4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: -$342,278,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$130,555,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$68,909,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$87,984,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$106,079,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$56,944,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$63,775,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $52,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $183,746,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $220,418,000,000. 
(5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,047,763,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,393,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,641,396,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $19,947,774,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,261,172,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,505,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $20,906,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,075,678,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $20,916,009,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $20,904,522,000,000. 
(6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,838,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,040,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,145,000,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.022 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1984 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2019: $14,338,000,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: $14,560,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,742,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,128,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,300,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,162,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,235,000,000,000. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the budgetary levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $531,334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,027,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,506,000,000. (B) Outlays, $572,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $607,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,422,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $620,019,000,000. (B) Outlays, $604,238,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $632,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $617,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $644,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $657,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $670,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $683,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $663,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $698,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $683,350,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $38,342,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,923,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $39,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,821,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $40,539,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $41,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,214,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $42,390,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,564,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,861,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $44,081,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,868,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $45,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,633,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $46,098,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $47,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,349,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $28,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,003,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $28,932,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,924,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $29,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $30,227,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,798,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $30,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $31,584,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,957,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $32,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,003,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,338,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $33,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $34,488,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,795,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,581,000,000. (B) Outlays, $654,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $1,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $649,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $1,189,000,000. (B) Outlays, $234,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $1,196,000,000. (B) Outlays, $307,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $1,259,000,000. (B) Outlays, $472,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $1,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $728,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $1,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $863,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $1,375,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $1,332,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$964,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$1,215,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $35,350,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,113,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,047,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $36,385,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,674,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $37,206,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $38,171,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $38,367,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $39,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,361,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $40,108,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,319,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $40,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,486,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $39,095,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,471,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $20,109,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,164,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $23,064,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,194,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,987,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,396,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,907,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,835,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,386,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,296,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $19,245,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $19,821,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $20,020,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $19,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $20,256,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,851,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$16,617,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$12,373,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,620,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$10,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,998,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$8,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$28,587,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$6,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$27,479,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$6,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,769,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$5,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,819,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$4,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,306,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$3,991,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$3,370,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,845,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $36,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,181,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $69,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $70,298,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $76,397,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $77,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $79,149,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $80,613,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,946,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $82,128,000,000. (B) Outlays, $81,336,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $83,709,000,000. (B) Outlays, $82,724,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $85,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,983,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1985 March 25, 2015 
(9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $7,082,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $7,688,000,000. (B) Outlays, $16,753,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $8,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $8,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $13,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $8,409,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,567,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $8,305,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $8,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $10,937,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $8,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $9,345,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $8,447,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,890,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $8,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,930,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $80,620,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $84,746,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,513,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $87,029,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,366,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $85,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, $85,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $87,901,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $88,908,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $90,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $91,237,000,000. (B) Outlays, $91,646,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $92,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,101,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $94,400,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,734,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $416,475,000,000. (B) Outlays, $426,860,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $360,678,000,000. (B) Outlays, $364,823,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $358,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, $360,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $367,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $367,916,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $387,076,000,000. (B) Outlays, $377,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $388,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $389,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $398,136,000,000. (B) Outlays, $398,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $408,454,000,000. (B) Outlays, $408,529,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $425,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $425,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $433,945,000,000. (B) Outlays, $434,143,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $577,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $580,837,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,777,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $580,782,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $639,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $639,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $680,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $680,481,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $726,644,000,000. (B) Outlays, $726,548,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $808,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $808,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $825,577,000,000. (B) Outlays, $825,379,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $834,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $834,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $927,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $927,292,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $512,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $513,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $479,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $475,234,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $481,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, $471,951,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $483,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $516,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, $510,603,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $502,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $496,856,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $518,690,000,000. (B) Outlays, $518,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $525,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $519,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $532,515,000,000. (B) Outlays, $521,105,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $550,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $543,361,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $33,878,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,407,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: 
(A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $166,677,000,000. (B) Outlays, $170,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,843,000,000. (B) Outlays, $164,387,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $163,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, $162,385,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $174,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $174,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $179,735,000,000. (B) Outlays, $178,778,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $183,969,000,000. (B) Outlays, $183,019,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $196,283,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $192,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $191,834,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $189,668,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,517,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,383,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $52,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,006,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $55,450,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $55,169,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $56,854,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,572,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $58,585,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,392,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $60,498,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $59,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $63,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,485,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $64,917,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,355,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $66,844,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,264,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $68,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,051,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $23,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,576,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,761,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,202,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,817,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,279,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1986 March 25, 2015 
(A) New budget authority, $23,947,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $23,602,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $24,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $25,695,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,840,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $26,010,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $26,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,825,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $366,527,000,000. (B) Outlays, $366,527,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $414,768,000,000. (B) Outlays, $414,768,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $477,731,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,731,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $531,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $531,032,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $578,654,000,000. (B) Outlays, $578,654,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $612,121,000,000. (B) Outlays, $612,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $642,388,000,000. (B) Outlays, $642,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $667,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $667,089,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $684,301,000,000. (B) Outlays, $684,301,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $695,929,000,000. (B) Outlays, $695,929,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$33,462,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$29,863,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$28,249,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$34,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$31,078,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$39,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$35,136,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$42,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$38,438,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$46,013,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,205,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$49,123,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$45,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$50,652,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$47,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$48,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$48,058,000,000. (20) Government-wide savings (930): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $27,465,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,416,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$15,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,005,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,429,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,148,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$41,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$32,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$50,240,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,168,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$55,831,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$50,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$63,954,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$57,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$71,850,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$65,124,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$78,889,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$71,689,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$113,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,929,000,000. (21) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$73,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$73,514,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$83,832,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$83,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$90,115,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$92,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$96,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$96,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$99,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$99,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$104,343,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$104,343,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$111,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$111,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$117,896,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$117,896,000,000. (22) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $94,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $44,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,716,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,758,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,117,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,862,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $9,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $2,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $278,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. (23) Across-the-Board Adjustment (990): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$21,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$22,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$25,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$27,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 201. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) S UBMISSION PROVIDING FOR DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION .—Not later than July 15, 2015, the 
committees named in subsection (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives to carry out this section. 
(b) I
NSTRUCTIONS .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—The Com-
mittee on Agriculture shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Armed Services shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—The Committee on Education and 
the Workforce shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(4) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE .— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce shall submit changes in laws within its juris-diction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(5) C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Financial Services shall sub-mit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(6) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
The Committee on Homeland Security shall 
submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(7) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The 
Committee on the Judiciary shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(8) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
The Committee on Natural Resources shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(9) C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERN -
MENT REFORM .—The Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1987 March 25, 2015 
for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 
2025. 
(10) C OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—The Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(11) C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .—The Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(12) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .— 
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(13) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The 
Committee on Ways and Means shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 202. RECONCILIATION PROCEDURES. 
(a) E STIMATING ASSUMPTIONS .— 
(1) A SSUMPTIONS .—In the House, for pur-
poses of titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget shall use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making estimates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon. If adjustments to the baseline are made subse-quent to the adoption of this concurrent res-olution, then such chair shall determine whether to use any of these adjustments when making such estimates. 
(2) I
NTENT .—The authority set forth in 
paragraph (1) should only be exercised if the estimates used to determine the compliance of such measures with the budgetary require-ments included in the concurrent resolution are inaccurate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the as-sumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adop-tion of this concurrent resolution may in-clude selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpre-tative rules that have major budgetary ef-fects and are inconsistent with the assump-tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI -
MATES .—Upon the request of the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget of the House for any measure, the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall prepare an estimate based on the baseline determination made by such chair pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF THE PRESIDENT ’SHEALTH  
CARELAWTHROUGH RECONCILIATION .—In pre-
paring their submissions under section 201(a) to the Committee on the Budget, the com-mittees named in section 201(b) shall— 
(1) note the policies described in the report 
accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget that repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010; and 
(2) determine the most effective methods 
by which the health care laws referred to in paragraph (1) shall be repealed in their en-tirety. 
(c) R
EVISION OF BUDGETARY LEVELS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Upon the submission to 
the Committee on the Budget of the House of a recommendation that has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of section 310(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-
mittee on the Budget may file with the House appropriately revised allocations under section 302(a) of such Act and revised functional levels and aggregates. 
(2) C
ONFERENCE REPORT .—Upon the submis-
sion to the House of a conference report rec-ommending a reconciliation bill or resolu-tion in which a committee has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of this section, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House may file with the House appropriately revised alloca-tions under section 302(a) of such Act and re-vised functional levels and aggregates. 
(3) R
EVISION .—Allocations and aggregates 
revised pursuant to this subsection shall be considered to be allocations and aggregates established by the concurrent resolution on the budget pursuant to section 301 of such Act. 
SEC. 203. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE FOR REC-
ONCILIATION. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—In the House, the chair of 
the Committee on the Budget may develop additional guidelines providing further infor-mation, budgetary levels and amounts, and other explanatory material to supplement the instructions included in this concurrent resolution pursuant to section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and set forth in section 201. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—In the House, the chair 
of the Committee on the Budget may cause the material prepared pursuant to subsection (a) to be printed in the Congressional Record on the appropriate date, but not later than the date set forth in this title on which com-mittees must submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget in order to comply with the reconciliation instructions set forth in section 201. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
SEC. 301. SUBMISSIONS OF FINDINGS FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
(a) S UBMISSIONS PROVIDING FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE , FRAUD , ANDABUSE .—In the 
House, not later than October 1, 2015, the committees named in subsection (d) shall submit to the Committee on the Budget find-ings that identify changes in law within their jurisdictions that would achieve the specified level of savings through the elimi-nation of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS SUBMITTED .—After 
receiving those recommendations — 
(1) the Committee on the Budget may use 
them in the development of future concur-rent resolutions on the budget; and 
(2) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget of the House shall make such rec-ommendations publicly available in elec-tronic form and cause them to be placed in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after receipt. 
(c) S
PECIFIED LEVELS OF SAVINGS .—For 
purposes of this section, a specified level of savings for each committee may be inserted in the Congressional Record by the chair of the Committee on the Budget. 
(d) H
OUSE COMMITTEES .—The following 
committees shall submit findings to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives pursuant to subsection (a): the Committee on Agriculture, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on House Ad-ministration, the Committee on the Judici-ary, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Small 
Business, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(e) R
EPORT BY THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT -
ABILITY OFFICE .—By August 1, 2015, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives a comprehensive report identifying instances in which the commit-tees referred to in subsection (d) may make legislative changes to improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of programs within their jurisdiction. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 401. COST ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLA-
TION TO INCORPORATE MACRO-ECONOMIC EFFECTS. 
(a) CBO E STIMATES .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, an estimate provided by the Congres-sional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legislation considered in the House or the Senate during fiscal year 2016 shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate the budg-etary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macro-economic variables resulting from such leg-islation. 
(b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION ESTI-
MATES .—For purposes of the enforcement of 
this concurrent resolution, any estimate pro-vided by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legis-lation shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such legislation. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in 
this section shall, to the extent practicable, include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-
etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsections (a) and (b)) of such legislation in the 20-fiscal year period beginning after the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution sets forth budgetary levels required by section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(2) an identification of the critical assump-
tions and the source of data underlying that estimate. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘major legislation’’ means any 
bill or joint resolution— 
(A) for which an estimate is required to be 
prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects) in any fis-cal year over the years of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budg-et equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(B) designated as such by the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget for all direct spending legislation other than revenue leg-islation or the Member who is chair or vice chair, as applicable, of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
(2) the term ‘‘budgetary effects’’ means 
changes in revenues, budget authority, out-lays, and deficits. 
SEC. 402. LIMITATION ON MEASURES AFFECTING 
SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the en-
forcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, it shall not be in order to consider in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1988 March 25, 2015 
the House or the Senate a bill or joint reso-
lution, or an amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, that reduces the ac-tuarial balance by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund established under section 201(a) of the Social Security Act for the 75-year pe-riod utilized in the most recent annual re-port of the Board of Trustees provided pursu-ant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a measure that would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for the 75-year period uti-lized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursuant to sec-tion 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 403. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, and section 4001 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, the report accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget or the joint explanatory state-ment accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall include in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administra-tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-istration and the United States Postal Serv-ice. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of enforc-
ing sections 302(f) and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays provided by a measure shall include any discretionary amounts described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 404. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS FROM THE 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
For purposes of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the rules or orders of the House of Representa-tives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer oc-curs. 
SEC. 405. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided for in subsection (b), any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, making a general appropriation or continuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—An advance appropriation 
may be provided for programs, projects, ac-tivities, or accounts identified in the report to accompany this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accompany this concurrent resolution under the heading: 
(1) G
ENERAL .—‘‘Accounts Identified for Ad-
vance Appropriations’’; and 
(2) V ETERANS .—‘‘Veterans Accounts Identi-
fied for Advance Appropriations’’. 
(c) L IMITATIONS .—The aggregate level of 
advance appropriations shall not exceed— 
(1) G ENERAL .—$28,852,000,000 in new budget 
authority for all programs identified pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1); and 
(2) V
ETERANS .—$63,271,000,000 in new budget 
authority for programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs identified pursuant to sub-
section (b)(2). 
(d) D EFINITION .—The term ‘‘advance appro-
priation’’ means any new discretionary budg-et authority provided in a bill or joint reso-lution, or any amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, making general ap-propriations or continuing appropriations, for the fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 406. FAIR VALUE CREDIT ESTIMATES. 
(a) F AIRVALUE ESTIMATES .—Upon the re-
quest of the chair or ranking member of the Committee on the Budget, any estimate of the budgetary effects of a measure prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under the terms of title V of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, ‘‘credit re-form’’ shall, as a supplement to such esti-mate, and to the extent practicable, also pro-vide an estimate of the current actual or es-timated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
(b) F
AIRVALUE ESTIMATES FOR HOUSING  
AND STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMS .—Whenever 
the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice prepares an estimate pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 of the budgetary effects which would be in-curred in carrying out any bill or joint reso-lution and if the Director determines that such bill or joint resolution has a budgetary effect related to a housing, residential mort-gage or student loan program under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, then the Director shall also provide an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by the provisions of such bill or joint resolution that result in such effect. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Director of the 
Congressional Budget Office provides an esti-mate pursuant to subsection (a) or (b), the chair of the Committee on the Budget may use such estimate to determine compliance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and other budgetary enforcement controls. 
SEC. 407. LIMITATION ON LONG-TERM SPENDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, it shall not 
be in order to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion reported by a committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations), or an amend-ment thereto or a conference report thereon, if the provisions of such measure have the net effect of increasing direct spending in ex-cess of $5,000,000,000 for any period described in subsection (b). 
(b) T
IMEPERIODS .—The applicable periods 
for purposes of this section are any of the four consecutive ten fiscal-year periods be-ginning in the fiscal year following the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 408. ALLOCATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-
GENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM. 
(a) S EPARATE OCO/GWOT A LLOCATION .—In 
the House, there shall be a separate alloca-tion of new budget authority and outlays provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the purposes of Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of enforc-
ing the separate allocation referred to in subsection (a) under section 302(f) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, the ‘‘first fis-cal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ shall be deemed to refer to fiscal year 2016. Section 302(c) of such Act shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—New budget authority 
or outlays counting toward the allocation es-tablished by subsection (a) shall be des-ignated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(d) A
DJUSTMENTS .—For purposes of sub-
section (a) for fiscal year 2016, no adjustment shall be made under section 314(a) of the 
Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if any ad-justment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 409. ADJUSTMENTS FOR IMPROVED CON-
TROL OF BUDGETARY RESOURCES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DISCRETIONARY AND  
DIRECT SPENDING LEVELS .—In the House, if a 
committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations) reports a bill or joint resolu-tion, or offers any amendment thereto or submits a conference report thereon, pro-viding for a decrease in direct spending (budget authority and outlays flowing there-from) for any fiscal year and also provides for an authorization of appropriations for the same purpose, upon the enactment of such measure, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may decrease the allocation to such committee and increase the allocation of discretionary spending (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) to the Com-mittee on Appropriations for fiscal year 2016 by an amount equal to the new budget au-thority (and outlays flowing therefrom) pro-vided for in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for the same purpose. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—In the House, for the 
purpose of enforcing this concurrent resolu-tion, the allocations and aggregate levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for fiscal year 2016 and the period of fiscal years 2016 through fiscal year 2025 shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the chair of the Com-
mittee on the Budget and such chair may ad-just applicable levels of this concurrent reso-lution. 
SEC. 410. CONCEPTS, AGGREGATES, ALLOCA-
TIONS AND APPLICATION. 
(a) C ONCEPTS , ALLOCATIONS , AND APPLICA -
TION.—In the House— 
(1) upon a change in budgetary concepts or 
definitions, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust any allocations, ag-gregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution accordingly; 
(2) any adjustments of the allocations, ag-
gregates, and other budgetary levels made pursuant to this concurrent resolution shall— 
(A) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(B) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(C) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable; 
(3) section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress) shall have no force or effect for any reconciliation bill reported pursuant to in-structions set forth in this concurrent reso-lution; 
(4) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget may adjust the allocations, aggre-gates, and other appropriate budgetary lev-els to reflect changes resulting from the most recently published or adjusted baseline of the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(5) the term ‘‘budget year’’ means the most 
recent fiscal year for which a concurrent res-olution on the budget has been adopted. 
(b) A
GGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS AND APPLI-
CATION .—In the House, for purposes of this 
concurrent resolution and budget enforce-ment— 
(1) the consideration of any bill or joint 
resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, for which the chair of the Committee on the Budget makes adjust-ments or revisions in the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels of this con-current resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives or section 407 of this concurrent resolu-tion; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1989 March 25, 2015 
(2) revised allocations and aggregates re-
sulting from these adjustments shall be con-sidered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 as allocations and aggre-gates included in this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 411. RULEMAKING POWERS. 
The House adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of the House of Representatives, and these rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with other such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 501. RESERVE FUND FOR THE REPEAL OF 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that consists solely of the full re-peal of the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 or measures that make modifications to such law. 
SEC. 502. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that promotes real health care re-form, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 503. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATED TO THE MEDICARE PROVI-SIONS OF THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the de-creases in Medicare spending included in the Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 504. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure extends the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 505. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, expands access to, and improves, as 
determined by such chair, graduate medical education programs, but only if such meas-ure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 506. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 507. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE. 
In the House, if the Committee on Ways 
and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels in this con-current resolution for the budgetary effects of any such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 508. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REVENUE MEASURES. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 509. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBIL-ITY. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms policies and programs to reduce pov-erty and increase opportunity and upward mobility, but only if such measure would neither adversely impact job creation nor in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 510. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRANSPORTATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 511. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such chair, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SEC. 512. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEFENSE SEQUESTER REPLACE-MENT. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure supports the fol-lowing activities: Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equip-ment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit re-forms, by the amount provided for these pur-poses, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 513. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TER-RORISM. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure is related to the support of Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism by the amounts provided in such legislation in excess of $73.5 billion but not to exceed $94 billion, but only if such measure would not increase the def-icit (without counting any net revenue in-creases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 601. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) In 1996, a Republican Congress and a 
Democratic president reformed welfare by limiting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the five years following passage, child-poverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This budget applies the les-sons of welfare reform to both the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program and Medicaid. 
(B) For Medicaid, this budget assumes the 
conversion of the Federal share of Medicaid spending into flexible State allotments, which States will be able to tailor to meet their unique needs. Such a reform would end the misguided one-size-fits-all approach that ties the hands of State governments and would provide States with the freedom and flexibility they have long requested in the Medicaid program. Moreover, this budget as-sumes the repeal of the Medicaid expansions in the President’s health care law, relieving State governments of the crippling one-size- fits-all enrollment mandates, as well as the overwhelming pressure the law’s Medicaid expansion puts on an already-strained sys-tem. 
(C) For the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-
ance Program, this budget assumes the con-version of the program into a flexible State allotment tailored to meet each State’s needs. The allotment would increase based on the Department of Agriculture Thrifty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1990 March 25, 2015 
Food Plan index and beneficiary growth. 
Such a reform would provide incentives for States to ensure dollars will go towards those who need them most. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: 
(A) For Medicare, this budget advances 
policies to put seniors, not the Federal Gov-ernment, in control of their health care deci-sions. Future retirees would be able to choose from a range of guaranteed coverage options, with private plans competing along-side the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare would provide a pre-mium-support payment either to pay for or offset the premium of the plan chosen by the senior, depending on the plan’s cost. The Medicare premium-support payment would be adjusted so that the sick would receive higher payments if their conditions wors-ened; lower-income seniors would receive ad-ditional assistance to help cover out-of-pock-et costs; and wealthier seniors would assume responsibility for a greater share of their premiums. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will force providers to compete against each other on price and quality. This market competition will act as a real check on widespread waste and skyrocketing health care costs. As with previous budgets, this program will begin in 2024 and makes no changes to those in or near retirement. 
(B) In keeping with a recommendation 
from the National Commission on Fiscal Re-sponsibility and Reform, this budget calls for Federal employees—including Members of Congress and congressional staff—to make greater contributions toward their own re-tirement. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
SEC. 701. LONG-TERM BUDGETING. 
The following are the recommended rev-
enue, spending, and deficit levels for each of fiscal years 2030, 2035, and 2040 as a percent of the gross domestic product of the United States: 
(1) R
EVENUES .—The budgetary levels of 
Federal revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.7 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 19.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 19.0 percent. 
(2) O
UTLAYS .—The budgetary levels of total 
budget outlays are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.4 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 17.8 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 16.9 percent. 
(3) D
EFICITS .—The budgetary levels of defi-
cits are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: -0.3 percent. Fiscal year 2035: -1.2 percent. Fiscal year 2040: -2.1 percent. 
(4) D
EBT.—The budgetary levels of debt 
held by the public are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 44.0 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 32.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 18.0 percent. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
SEC. 801. POLICY STATEMENT ON BALANCED 
BUDGET AMENDMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Federal Government collects ap-
proximately $3 trillion annually in taxes, but spends more than $3.5 trillion to maintain the operations of government. The Federal 
Government must borrow 14 cents of every Federal dollar spent. 
(2) At the end of the year 2014, the national 
debt of the United States was more than $18.1 trillion. 
(3) A majority of States have petitioned 
the Federal Government to hold a Constitu-tional Convention for the consideration of adopting a Balanced Budget Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
(4) Forty-nine States have fiscal limita-
tions in their State Constitutions, including the requirement to annually balance the budget. 
(5) H.J. Res. 2, sponsored by Rep. Robert W. 
Goodlatte (R-VA), was considered by the House of Representatives on November 18, 2011, though it received 262 aye votes, it did not receive the two-thirds required for pas-sage. 
(6) Numerous balanced budget amendment 
proposals have been introduced on a bipar-tisan basis in the House. Twelve were intro-duced in the 113th Congress alone, including H.J. Res. 4 by Democratic Representative John J. Barrow of Georgia, and H.J. Res. 38 by Republican Representative Jackie Walorski of Indiana. 
(7) The joint resolution providing for a bal-
anced budget amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution referred to in paragraph (5) prohib-ited outlays for a fiscal year (except those 
for repayment of debt principal) from ex-ceeding total receipts for that fiscal year (except those derived from borrowing) unless Congress, by a three-fifths roll call vote of each chamber, authorizes a specific excess of outlays over receipts. 
(8) In 1995, a balanced budget amendment 
to the U.S. Constitution passed the House with bipartisan support, but failed of passage by one vote in the United States Senate. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that Congress should pass a joint resolution incorporating the provisions set forth in subsection (b), and send such joint resolution to the States for their ap-proval, to amend the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced budget. 
SEC. 802. POLICY STATEMENT ON BUDGET PROC-
ESS AND BASELINE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) In 1974, after more than 50 years of exec-
utive dominance over fiscal policy, Congress acted to reassert its ‘‘power of the purse’’, and passed the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act. 
(2) The measure explicitly sought to estab-
lish congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important na-tional budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have ac-cess to the most accurate, objective, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
(3) Far from achieving its intended pur-
pose, however, the process has instituted a bias toward higher spending and larger gov-ernment. The behemoth of the Federal Gov-ernment has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through high taxation. 
(4) The process does not treat programs 
and policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(5) It assumes extension of spending pro-
grams (of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
(6) Yet it does not assume the extension of 
tax policies in the same way. consequently, extending existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduction, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keeping tax policy the same even 
though estimating conventions would not re-quire similar treatment of spending pro-grams. 
(7) The original goals set for the congres-
sional process are admirable in their intent, but because the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘re-forms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal complexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, Congress must: 
(1) Restructure the fundamental proce-
dures of budget decision making; 
(2) Reassert Congress’s ‘‘power of the 
purse’’, and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act intended. 
(3) Create greater incentives for lawmakers 
to do budgeting as intended by the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopt-ing a budget resolution every year. 
(4) Encourage more effective control over 
spending, especially currently uncontrolled direct spending. 
(5) Consider innovative fiscal tools such as: 
zero based budgeting, which would require a department or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct spending caps to enhance oversight of auto-matic pilot spending that increases each year without congressional approval. 
(6) Promote efficient and timely budget ac-
tions, so that lawmakers complete their budget actions by the time the new fiscal year begins. 
(7) Provide access to the best analysis of 
economic conditions available and increase awareness of how fiscal policy directly im-pacts overall economic growth and job cre-ation, 
(9) Remove layers of complexity that have 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
(10) Remove existing biases that favor 
higher spending. 
(11) Include procedures by which current 
tax laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of entitlement programs. 
(c) B
UDGET PROCESS REFORM .—Comprehen-
sive budget process reform should also re-move the bias in the baseline against the ex-tension of current tax laws in the following ways: 
(1) Permanent extension of tax laws should 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers; 
(2) For those expiring tax provisions that 
are proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset; and, 
(3) Tax-reform legislation should not in-
clude tax increases just to offset the exten-sion of current tax laws. 
(d) L
EGISLATION .—The Committee on the 
Budget intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the congressional budget process more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wise-ly and efficiently. 
SEC. 803. POLICY STATEMENT ON ECONOMIC 
GROWTH AND JOB CREATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Although the United States economy 
technically emerged from recession more than 5 years ago, the subsequent recovery has felt more like a malaise than a rebound. Real gross domestic product GDP growth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1991 March 25, 2015 
over the past 5 years has averaged slightly 
more than 2 percent, well below the 3.2 per-cent historical trend rate of growth in the United States. Although the economy has shown some welcome signs of improvement of late, the Nation remains in the midst of the weakest economic recovery of the mod-ern era. 
(2) Looking ahead, CBO expects the econ-
omy to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of eco-nomic growth is simply unacceptable and in-sufficient to expand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middle-income Ameri-cans. 
(3) Sluggish economic growth has also con-
tributed to the country’s fiscal woes. Subpar growth means that revenue levels are lower than they would otherwise be while govern-ment spending (e.g. welfare and income-sup-port programs) is higher. Clearly, there is a dire need for policies that will spark higher rates of economic growth and greater, high-er-quality job opportunities 
(4) Although job gains have been trending 
up of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for instance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Long-term unemployment also remains a problem. Of the roughly 8.7 million people who are currently unemployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unem-ployed for more than 6 months. Long-term unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportuni-ties. It also undermines the long-term pro-ductive capacity of the economy. 
(5) Perhaps most important, wage gains 
and income growth have been subpar for middle-class Americans. Average hourly earnings of private-sector workers have in-creased by just 1.6 percent over the past year. Prior to the recession, average hourly earnings were tracking close to 4 percent. Likewise, average income levels have re-mained flat in recent years. Real median household income is just under $52,000, one of the lowest levels since 1995. 
(6) The unsustainable fiscal trajectory has 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic outlook. investors and businesses make deci-sions on a forward-looking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply to-morrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it gen-erates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
(7) Nearly all economists, including those 
at the CBO, conclude that reducing budget 
deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction creates long-term economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. 
(8) CBO analyzed the House Republican fis-
cal year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
(9) In contrast, if the Government remains 
on the current fiscal path, future genera-tions will face ever-higher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowd-ing out’’ of private investment. This dy-namic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a diminution in our country’s standard of living. 
(10) The key economic challenge is deter-
mining how to expand the economic pie, not how best to divide up and re-distribute a shrinking pie. (11) A stronger economy is vital to low-
ering deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
(12) This budget resolution therefore em-
braces pro-growth policies, such as funda-mental tax reform, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
(b) P
OLICY ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB 
CREATION .—It is the policy of this resolution 
to promote faster economic growth and job creation. By putting the budget on a sustain-able path, this resolution ends the debt- fueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and expanding opportunity for all Americans. 
SEC. 804. POLICY STATEMENT ON TAX REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A world-class tax system should be sim-
ple, fair, and promote (rather than impede) economic growth. The United States tax code fails on all three counts: It is notori-ously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity dis-torts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
(2) Over the past decade alone, there have 
been 4,107 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special preferences, exclusions, or deductions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
(3) In addition, these tax preferences are 
disproportionately used by upper-income in-dividuals. 
(4) The large amount of tax preferences 
that pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much higher tax rates to raise a given amount of revenue. 
(5) It is estimated that American taxpayers 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
(6) Standard economic theory shows that 
high marginal tax rates dampen the incen-tives to work, save, and invest, which re-duces economic output and job creation. Lower economic output, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal tax rates. 
(7) Roughly half of U.S. active business in-
come and half of private sector employment are derived from business entities (such as partnerships, S corporations, and sole propri-etorships) that are taxed on a ‘‘pass- through’’ basis, meaning the income flows through to the tax returns of the individual owners and is taxed at the individual rate structure rather than at the corporate rate. Small businesses, in particular, tend to choose this form for Federal tax purposes, and the top Federal rate on such small busi-ness income can reach nearly 45 percent. For these reasons, sound economic policy re-quires lowering marginal rates on these pass- through entities. 
(8) The U.S. corporate income tax rate (in-
cluding Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to slightly more than 39 percent, the highest rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates 
this high suppress wages and discourage in-vestment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American businesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign com-petitors. 
(9) By deterring potential investment, the 
U.S. corporate tax restrains economic growth and job creation. The U.S. tax rate differential with other countries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational cor-porate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, destroying American jobs, and de-creasing corporate revenue. 
(10) The ‘‘worldwide’’ structure of U.S. 
international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, put-ting them at a significant competitive dis-advantage with competitors with more com-petitive international tax systems. 
(11) Reforming the United States tax code 
to a more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States companies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
(12) The tax code imposes costs on Amer-
ican workers through lower wages, on con-sumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished returns. 
(13) Revenues have averaged about 17.4 per-
cent of the economy throughout modern American history. Revenues rise above this level under current law to 18.3 percent of the economy by the end of the 10-year budget window. 
(14) Attempting to raise revenue through 
new tax increases to meet out-of-control spending would sink the economy and Amer-icans’ ability to save for their retirement and their children’s education. 
(15) This resolution also rejects the idea of 
instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a new source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the economy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
(16) Closing tax loopholes to fund spending 
does not constitute fundamental tax reform. 
(17) The goal of tax reform should be to 
curb or eliminate loopholes and use those 
savings to lower tax rates across the board not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Washington has a spending prob-lem, not a revenue problem. 
(18) Many economists believe that funda-
mental tax reform (i.e. a broader tax base and lower tax rates) would lead to greater labor supply and increased investment, which, over time, would have a positive im-pact on total national output. 
(19) Heretofore, the congressional score-
keepers the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT). 
(20) Static scoring implicitly assumes that 
the size of the economy (and therefore key economic variables such as labor supply and investment) remains fixed throughout the considered budget horizon. This is an ab-straction from reality. 
(21) A new House rule was adopted at the 
beginning of the 114th Congress to help cor-rect this problem. This rule requires CBO and JCT to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major legislation into their official cost estimates. 
(22) This rule seeks to bridge the divide be-
tween static estimates and scoring that in-corporates economic feedback effects by pro-viding policymakers with a greater amount of information about the likely economic impact of policies under their consideration while at the same time preserving tradi-tional scoring methods and reporting con-ventions. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TAXREFORM .—It is the pol-
icy of this resolution that Congress should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1992 March 25, 2015 
enact legislation that provides for a com-
prehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote economic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, investors, and workers through fundamental tax reform that— 
(1) simplifies the tax code to make it fairer 
to American families and businesses and re-duces the amount of time and resources nec-essary to comply with tax laws; 
(2) substantially lowers tax rates for indi-
viduals and consolidates the current seven individual income tax brackets into fewer brackets; 
(3) repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax; (4) reduces the corporate tax rate; and (5) transitions the tax code to a more com-
petitive system of international taxation in a manner that does not discriminate against any particular type of income or industry. 
SEC. 805. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Opening foreign markets to American 
exports is vital to the United States econ-omy and beneficial to American workers and consumers. The Commerce Department esti-mates that every $1 billion of United States exports supports more than 5,000 jobs here at home. 
(2) The United States can increase eco-
nomic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade, adherence to trade agreement rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services. 
(3) Trade Promotion Authority is a bipar-
tisan and bicameral effort to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objec-tives for trade agreements, to improve con-sultation with Congress by the Administra-tion, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implemen-tation of trade agreements. 
(4) Global trade and commerce is not a 
zero-sum game. The idea that global expan-sion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States op-erations is incorrect. Foreign-affiliate activ-ity tends to complement, not substitute for, key parent activities in the United States such as employment, worker compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals invest and ex-pand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
(5) Trade agreements have saved the aver-
age American family of four more than $10,000 per year, as a result of lower duties. Trade agreements also lower the cost of manufacturing inputs by removing duties. 
(6) American businesses and workers have 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competi-tion. 
(7) When negotiating trade agreements, 
United States laws on Intellectual Property (IP) protection should be used as a bench-mark for establishing global IP frameworks. Strong IP protections have contributed sig-nificantly to the United States status as a world leader in innovation across sectors, in-cluding in the development of life-saving bio-logic medicines. The data protections af-forded to biologics in United States law, in-cluding 12 years of data protection, allow continued development of pioneering medi-cines to benefit patients both in the United States and abroad. To maintain the cycle of innovation and achieve truly 21st century trade agreements, it is vital that our nego-tiators insist on the highest standards for IP protections. 
(8) The status quo of the current tax code 
also undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. (9) The United States currently has an an-
tiquated system of international taxation whereby United States multinationals oper-ating abroad pay both the foreign-country tax and United States corporate taxes. They are essentially taxed twice. This puts them at an obvious competitive disadvantage. A modern and competitive international tax system would facilitate global commerce for United States multinational companies and would encourage foreign business investment and job creation in the United States. 
(10) The ability to defer United States 
taxes on their foreign operations, which some erroneously refer to as a ‘‘tax loop-hole,’’ cushions this disadvantage to a cer-tain extent. Eliminating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United States competitiveness. 
(11) This budget resolution advocates fun-
damental tax reform that would lower the United States corporate rate, now the high-est in the industrialized world, and switch to a more competitive system of international taxation. This would make the United States a much more attractive place to invest and station business activity and would chip away at the incentives for United States companies to keep their profits overseas (be-cause the United States corporate rate is so high). 
(b) P
OLICY ON TRADE .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution to pursue inter-national trade, global commerce, and a mod-ern and competitive United States inter-national tax system to promote job creation in the United States. The United States should continue to seek increased economic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade opportunities, adherence to trade agree-ments and rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of for-eign trade barriers to United States goods and services by opening new markets and by enforcing United States rights. To that end, Congress should pass Trade Promotion Au-thority to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agreements, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to pro-vide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implementation of trade agreements. 
SEC. 806. POLICY STATEMENT ON SOCIAL SECU-
RITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 55 million retirees, individ-
uals with disabilities, and survivors depend on Social Security. Since enactment, Social Security has served as a vital leg on the ‘‘three-legged stool’’ of retirement security, which includes employer provided pensions as well as personal savings. 
(2) The Social Security Trustees Report 
has repeatedly recommended that Social Se-curity’s long-term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial condition of Social Security be-comes more precarious and the threat to sen-iors and those receiving Social Security dis-ability benefits becomes more pronounced: 
(A) In 2016, the Disability Insurance Trust 
Fund will be exhausted and program reve-nues will be unable to pay scheduled bene-fits. 
(B) In 2033, the combined Old-Age and Sur-
vivors and Disability Trust Funds will be ex-hausted, and program revenues will be un-able to pay scheduled benefits. 
(C) With the exhaustion of the Trust Funds 
in 2033, benefits will be cut nearly 23 percent across the board, devastating those cur-rently in or near retirement and those who rely on Social Security the most. 
(3) The recession and continued low eco-
nomic growth have exacerbated the looming fiscal crisis facing Social Security. The most 
recent Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projections find that Social Security will run cash deficits of more than $2 trillion over the next 10 years. 
(4) Lower income Americans rely on Social 
Security for a larger proportion of their re-tirement income. Therefore, reforms should take into consideration the need to protect lower income Americans’ retirement secu-rity. 
(5) The Disability Insurance program pro-
vides an essential income safety net for those with disabilities and their families. According to the CBO, between 1970 and 2012, the number of people receiving disability benefits (both disabled workers and their de-pendent family members) has increased by more than 300 percent from 2.7 million to over 10.9 million. This increase is not due strictly to population growth or decreases in health. David Autor and Mark Duggan have found that the increase in individuals on dis-ability does not reflect a decrease in self-re-ported health. CBO attributes program growth to changes in demographics, changes in the composition of the labor force and compensation, as well as Federal policies. 
(6) If this program is not reformed, fami-
lies who rely on the lifeline that disability benefits provide will face benefit cuts of up to 20 percent in 2016, devastating individuals who need assistance the most. 
(7) In the past, Social Security has been re-
formed on a bipartisan basis, most notably by the ‘‘Greenspan Commission’’ which helped to address Social Security shortfalls for more than a generation. 
(8) Americans deserve action by the Presi-
dent, the House, and the Senate to preserve and strengthen Social Security. It is critical that bipartisan action be taken to address the looming insolvency of Social Security. 
In this spirit, this resolution creates a bipar-tisan opportunity to find solutions by requir-ing policymakers to ensure that Social Secu-rity remains a critical part of the safety net. 
(b) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY .—It is the 
policy of this resolution that Congress should work on a bipartisan basis to make Social Security sustainably solvent. This resolution assumes reform of a current law trigger, such that: 
(1) If in any year the Board of Trustees of 
the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund annual Trustees Report de-termines that the 75-year actuarial balance of the Social Security Trust Funds is in def-icit, and the annual balance of the Social Se-curity Trust Funds in the 75th year is in def-icit, the Board of Trustees should, no later than September 30 of the same calendar year, submit to the President recommenda-tions for statutory reforms necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th- year. Recommendations provided to the President must be agreed upon by both Pub-lic Trustees of the Board of Trustees. 
(2) Not later than 1 December of the same 
calendar year in which the Board of Trustees submit their recommendations, the Presi-dent should promptly submit implementing legislation to both Houses of Congress in-cluding his recommendations necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th year. The Majority Leader of the Senate and the Majority Leader of the House should in-troduce the President’s legislation upon re-ceipt. 
(3) Within 60 days of the President submit-
ting legislation, the committees of jurisdic-tion to which the legislation has been re-ferred should report a bill, which should be considered by the full House or Senate under expedited procedures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1993 March 25, 2015 
(4) Legislation submitted by the President 
should— 
(A) protect those in or near retirement; (B) preserve the safety net for those who 
count on Social Security the most, including those with disabilities and survivors; 
(C) improve fairness for participants; (D) reduce the burden on, and provide cer-
tainty for, future generations; and 
(E) secure the future of the Disability In-
surance program while addressing the needs of those with disabilities today and improv-ing the determination process. 
(c) P
OLICY ON DISABILITY INSURANCE .—It is 
the policy of this resolution that Congress and the President should enact legislation on a bipartisan basis to reform the Disability 
Insurance program prior to its insolvency in 2016 and should not raid the Social Security retirement system without reforms to the Disability Insurance system. This resolution assumes reform that— 
(1) ensure benefits continue to be paid to 
individuals with disabilities and their family members who rely on them; 
(2) prevents a 20 percent across-the-board 
benefit cut; 
(3) makes the Disability Insurance pro-
gram work better; and 
(4) promotes opportunity for those trying 
to return to work. 
(d) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY .— 
Any legislation that Congress considers to improve the solvency of the Disability Insur-ance trust fund also must improve the long- term solvency of the combined Old Age and Survivors Disability Insurance (OASDI) trust fund. 
SEC. 807. POLICY STATEMENT ON REPEALING 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW AND PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The President’s health care law put 
Washington’s priorities first, and not pa-tients’. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed to reduce health care premiums as promised; instead, the law mandated benefits and coverage levels, denying patients the op-portunity to choose the type of coverage that best suits their health needs and driving up health coverage costs. A typical family’s health care premiums were supposed to de-cline by $2,500 a year; instead, according to the 2014 Employer Health Benefits Survey, health care premiums have increased by 7 percent for individuals and families since 2012. 
(2) The President pledged ‘‘If you like your 
health care plan, you can keep your health care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employment-based health coverage will lose those plans due to the President’s health care law, further lim-iting patient choice. 
(3) Then-Speaker of the House, Pelosi, said 
that the President’s health care law would create 4 million jobs over the life of the law and almost 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the reduction in hours worked due to Obamacare represents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full-time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest results. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million full-time equivalent work-ers. 
(4) The President has charged the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a panel of unelected bureaucrats, with cutting Medi-care by an additional $20.9 billion over the 
next ten years, according to the President’s most recent budget. 
(5) Since ACA was signed into law, the ad-
ministration has repeatedly failed to imple-ment it as written. The President has unilat-erally acted to make a total of 28 changes, delays, and exemptions. The President has signed into law another 17 changes made by Congress. The Supreme Court struck down the forced expansion of Medicaid; ruled the individual ‘‘mandate’’ could only be charac-terized as a tax to remain constitutional; and rejected the requirement that closely held companies provide health insurance to their employees if doing so violates these companies’ religious beliefs. Even now, al-most five years after enactment, the Su-preme Court continues to evaluate the legal-ity of how the President’s administration has implemented the law. All of these changes prove the folly underlying the entire program health care in the United States cannot be run from a centralized bureauc-racy. 
(6) The President’s health care law is 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, de-structive, and unworkable. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patient- centered health care reform: the develop-ment of real health care reforms that puts patients first, that make affordable, quality health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sec-tor. 
(b) P
OLICY ON PROMOTING REAL HEALTH  
CAREREFORM .—It is the policy of this reso-
lution that the President’s health care law should be fully repealed and real health care reform promoted in accordance with the fol-lowing principles: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care reform should 
enhance affordability, accessibility, quality, innovation, choices and responsiveness in health care coverage for all Americans, put-ting patients, families, and doctors in charge, not Washington, DC. These reforms should encourage increased competition and 
transparency. Under the President’s health care law, government controls Americans’ health care choices. Under true, patient-cen-tered reform, Americans would. 
(2) A
FFORDABILITY .—Real reform should be 
centered on ensuring that all Americans, no matter their age, income, or health status, have the ability to afford health care cov-erage. The health care delivery structure should be improved, and individuals should not be priced out of the health insurance market due to pre-existing conditions, but nationalized health care is not only unneces-sary to accomplish this, it undermines the goal. Individuals should be allowed to join together voluntarily to pool risk through mechanisms such as Individual Membership Associations and Small Employer Member-ship Associations. 
(3) A
CCESSABILITY .—Instead of Washington 
outlining for Americans the ways they can-not use their health insurance, reforms should make health coverage more portable. Individuals should be able to own their in-surance and have it follow them in and out of jobs throughout their career. Small busi-ness owners should be permitted to band to-gether across State lines through their mem-bership in bona fide trade or professional as-sociations to purchase health coverage for their families and employees at a low cost. This will increase small businesses’ bar-gaining power, volume discounts, and admin-istrative efficiencies while giving them free-dom from State-mandated benefit packages. Also, insurers licensed to sell policies in one State should be permitted to offer them to residents in any other State, and consumers should be permitted to shop for health insur-ance across State lines, as they are with 
other insurance products online, by mail, by phone, or in consultation with an insurance agent. 
(4) Q
UALITY .—Incentives for providers to 
deliver high-quality, responsive, and coordi-nated care will promote patient outcomes and drive down health care costs. likewise, reforms that work to restore the patient- physician relationship by reducing adminis-trative burdens and allowing physicians to do what they do best: care for patients 
(5) C
HOICES .—Individuals and families 
should be free to secure the health care cov-erage that best meets their needs, rather than instituting one-size-fits-all directives from Federal bureaucracies such as the In-ternal Revenue Service, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. 
(6) I
NNOVATION .—Instead of stifling innova-
tion in health care technologies, treatments, medications, and therapies with Federal mandates, taxes, and price controls, a re-formed health care system should encourage research, development and innovation. 
(7) R
ESPONSIVENESS .—Reform should re-
turn authority to States wherever possible to make the system more responsive to pa-tients and their needs. Instead of tying States’ hands with Federal requirements for their Medicaid programs, the Federal Gov-ernment should return control of this pro-gram to the States. Not only does the cur-rent Medicaid program drive up Federal debt and threaten to bankrupt State budgets, but States are better positioned to provide qual-ity, affordable care to those who are eligible for the program and to track down and weed out waste, fraud and abuse. Beneficiary choices in the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program (SCHIP) and Medicaid should be improved. States should make available the purchase of private insurance as an op-tion to their Medicaid and SCHIP popu-lations (though they should not require en-rollment). 
(8) R
EFORMS .—Reforms should be made to 
prevent lawsuit abuse and curb the practice of defensive medicine, which are significant drivers increasing health care costs. The bur-den of proof in medical malpractice cases should be based on compliance with best practice guidelines, and States should be free to implement those policies to best suit their needs. 
SEC. 808. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 50 million Americans depend 
on Medicare for their health security. 
(2) The Medicare Trustees Report has re-
peatedly recommended that Medicare’s long- term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial con-dition of Medicare becomes more precarious and the threat to those in or near retirement becomes more pronounced. According to the Medicare Trustees Report— 
(A) the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will 
be exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay sched-uled benefits; 
(B) Medicare enrollment is expected to in-
crease by over 50 percent in the next two decades, as 10,000 baby boomers reach retire-ment age each day; 
(C) enrollees remain in Medicare three 
times longer than at the outset of the pro-gram; 
(D) current workers’ payroll contributions 
pay for current beneficiaries; 
(E) in 2013, the ratio was 3.2 workers per 
beneficiary, but this falls to 2.3 in 2030 and continues to decrease over time; 
(F) most Medicare beneficiaries receive 
about three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1994 March 25, 2015 
(G) Medicare spending is growing faster 
than the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 Long- Term Budget Outlook, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross do-mestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
(3) Failing to address this problem will 
leave millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger gen-erations burdened with enormous debt to pay for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICARE REFORM .—It is the 
policy of this resolution to preserve the pro-gram for those in or near retirement and strengthen Medicare for future beneficiaries. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This resolution assumes 
reform of the Medicare program such that— 
(1) current Medicare benefits are preserved 
for those in or near retirement; 
(2) permanent reform of the sustainable 
growth rate is responsibly accounted for to ensure physicians continue to participate in 
the Medicare program and provide quality health care for beneficiaries; 
(3) when future generations reach eligi-
bility, Medicare is reformed to provide a pre-mium support payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage options from which recipients can choose a plan that best suits their needs; 
(4) Medicare will maintain traditional fee- 
for-service as a plan option; 
(5) Medicare will provide additional assist-
ance for lower income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks; and 
(6) Medicare spending is put on a sustain-
able path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the long-term. 
SEC. 809. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICAL DIS-
COVERY, DEVELOPMENT, DELIVERY AND INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For decades, the Nation’s commitment 
to the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures has made the United States the biomedical innovation capital of the world, bringing life-saving drugs and devices to patients and well over a million high-paying jobs to local commu-nities. 
(2) Thanks to the visionary and determined 
leadership of innovators throughout Amer-ica, including industry, academic medical centers, and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States has led the way in early discovery. The United States leadership role is being threatened, however, as other countries contribute more to basic research from both public and private sources. 
(3) The Organisation for Economic Devel-
opment and Cooperation predicts that China, for example, will outspend the United States in total research and development by the end of the decade. 
(4) Federal policies should foster innova-
tion in health care, not stifle it. America should maintain its world leadership in med-ical science by encouraging competitive forces to work through the marketplace in delivering cures and therapies to patients. 
(5) Too often the bureaucracy and red-tape 
in Washington hold back medical innovation and prevent new lifesaving treatments from reaching patients. This resolution recognizes the valuable role of the NIH and the indis-pensable contributions to medical research coming from outside Washington. 
(6) America is the greatest, most innova-
tive Nation on Earth. Her people are innovators, entrepreneurs, visionaries, and relentless builders of the future. Americans were responsible for the first telephone, the first airplane, the first computer, for putting the first man on the moon, for creating the 
first vaccine for polio and for legions of other scientific and medical breakthroughs that have improved and prolonged human health and life for countless people in Amer-ica and around the world. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICAL INNOVATION .— 
(1) It is the policy of this resolution to sup-
port the important work of medical innovators throughout the country, includ-ing private-sector innovators, medical cen-ters and the National Institutes of Health. 
(2) At the same time, the budget calls for 
continued strong funding for the agencies that engage in valuable research and devel-opment, while also urging Washington to get out of the way of researchers, discoverers and innovators all over the country. 
SEC. 810. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL REG-
ULATORY REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Excessive regulation at the Federal 
level has hurt job creation and dampened the economy, slowing the Nation’s recovery from the economic recession. 
(2) Since President Obama’s inauguration 
in 2009, the administration has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations in the Fed-eral Register including 70,066 pages in 2014. 
(3) The National Association of Manufac-
turers estimates the total cost of regulations is as high as $2.03 trillion per year. Since 2009, the White House has generated more than $494 billion in regulatory activity, with an additional $87.6 billion in regulatory costs currently pending. 
(4) The Dodd-Frank financial services leg-
islation (Public Law 111–203) has resulted in more than $32 billion in compliance costs and saddled job creators with more than 63 million hours of compliance paperwork. 
(5) Implementation of the Affordable Care 
Act to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the pri-vate sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the States. 
(6) The highest regulatory costs come from 
rules issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA); these regulations are pri-marily targeted at the coal industry. In June 2014, the EPA proposed a rule to cut carbon pollution from the Nation’s power plants. The proposed standards are unachievable with current commercially available tech-nology, resulting in a de-facto ban on new coal-fired power plants. 
(7) Coal-fired power plants provide roughly 
40 percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal indus-try with costly and unachievable regulations will increase energy prices, disproportion-ately disadvantaging energy-intensive indus-tries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class families al-ready struggling to pay their bills. 
(8) Three hundred and thirty coal units are 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the de-facto pro-hibition on new plants, these retirements and conversions may further increase the cost of electricity. 
(9) A recent study by the energy market 
analysis group Energy Ventures Analysis Inc. estimates the average energy bill in West Virginia will rise $750 per household by 2020, due in part to EPA regulations. West Virginia receives 95 percent of its electricity from coal. 
(10) The Heritage Foundation found that a 
phase-out of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross domestic product decrease of $2.23 tril-lion over the entire period and reducing the income of a family of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, 
Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michi-gan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL REGULATORY RE-
FORM .—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress should, in consultation with the public burdened by excessive regulation, enact legislation that— 
(1) promotes economic growth and job cre-
ation by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Federal regulations; 
(2) requires the implementation of a regu-
latory budget to be allocated amongst Gov-ernment agencies, which would require con-gressional approval and limit the maximum costs of regulations in a given year; 
(3) requires congressional approval of all 
new major regulations (those with an impact of $100 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from becoming law, which would keep Congress engaged as to pending regu-latory policy and prevent costly and unsound policies from being implemented and becom-ing effective; 
(4) requires a three year retrospective cost- 
benefit analysis of all new major regula-tions, to ensure that regulations operate as 
intended; 
(5) reinforces the requirement of regu-
latory impact analysis for regulations pro-posed by executive branch agencies but also expands the requirement to independent agencies so that by law they consider the costs and benefits of proposed regulations rather than merely being encouraged to do so as is current practice; and 
(6) requires a formal rulemaking process 
for all major regulations, which would in-crease transparency over the process and allow interested parties to communicate their views on proposed legislation to agency officials. 
SEC. 811. POLICY STATEMENT ON HIGHER EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE DEVELOP-MENT OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS ON HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
House finds the following: 
(1) A well-educated workforce is critical to 
economic, job, and wage growth. 
(2) Roughly 20 million students are en-
rolled in American colleges and universities. 
(3) Over the past decade, tuition and fees 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. Between the 2004-2005 Academic Year and the 2014-2015 Academic Year— 
(A) published tuition and fees at public 4- 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; 
(B) published tuition and fees at public 
two-year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
(C) published tuition and fees at private 
nonprofit 4-year colleges and universities in-creased at an average rate of 2.2 percent per year above the rate of inflation. 
(4) Federal financial aid for higher edu-
cation has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent be-tween fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
(5) This spending has failed to make col-
lege more affordable. 
(6) In his 2012 State of the Union Address, 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
(7) American students are chasing ever-in-
creasing tuition with ever-increasing debt. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1995 March 25, 2015 
New York, student debt now stands at nearly 
$1.2 trillion. This makes student loans the second largest balance of consumer debt, after mortgage debt. 
(8) Students are carrying large debt loads 
and too many fail to complete college or end up defaulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
(9) Based on estimates from the Congres-
sional Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent year in the current budget window. 
(10) Failing to address these problems will 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
(b) P
OLICY ON HIGHER EDUCATION AFFORD -
ABILITY .—It is the policy of this resolution to 
address the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
(1) targeting Federal financial aid to those 
most in need; 
(2) streamlining programs that provide aid 
to make them more effective; 
(3) maintaining the maximum Pell grant 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and 
(4) removing regulatory barriers in higher 
education that act to restrict flexibility and innovative teaching, particularly as it re-lates to non-traditional models such as on-line coursework and competency-based learning. 
(c) F
INDINGS ON WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT .—The House finds the following: 
(1) 8.7 million Americans are currently un-
employed. 
(2) Despite billions of dollars in spending, 
those looking for work are stymied by a bro-ken workforce development system that fails to connect workers with assistance and em-ployers with trained personnel. 
(3) The House Education and Workforce 
Committee successfully consolidated 15 job training programs in the recently enacted Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
(d) P
OLICY ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
It is the policy of this resolution to address the failings in the current workforce devel-opment system, by— 
(1) further streamlining and consolidating 
Federal job training programs; and 
(2) empowering states with the flexibility 
to tailor funding and programs to the spe-cific needs of their workforce, including the development of career scholarships. 
SEC. 812. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEPARTMENT 
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For years, there has been serious con-
cern regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and continuous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
(2) In 2014, reports started breaking across 
the Nation that VA medical centers were manipulating wait-list documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate resignation of then-Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
(3) In 2015, for the first time ever, VA 
health care was added to the ‘‘high-risk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
(4) In response to the scandal, the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held several oversight hearings and ultimately enacted the Veterans’ Access, Choice and Account-ability Act of 2014 (VACAA) (Public Law 113– 146) to address these problems. VACAA pro-vided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced 
access to private-sector health care under the new Veterans Choice Program. 
(b) P
OLICY ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS .—This budget supports the 
continued oversight efforts by the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ensure the VA is not only transparent and account-able, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and benefits to America’s veterans. The Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor the VA’s progress to ensure resources pro-vided by Congress are sufficient and effi-ciently used to provide needed benefits and services to veterans. 
SEC. 813. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL AC-
COUNTING METHODOLOGIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Given the thousands of Federal pro-
grams and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a complex undertaking. 
(2) Current methods of accounting leave 
much to be desired in capturing the full scope of government and in presenting infor-mation in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
(3) Most fiscal analysis produced by the 
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is con-ducted over a relatively short time horizon: 10 or 25 years. While this time frame is useful for most purposes, it fails to consider the fis-cal consequences over the longer term. 
(4) Additionally, current accounting meth-
odology does not provide an analysis of how the Federal Government’s fiscal situation over the long run affects Americans of var-ious age cohorts. 
(5) Another consideration is how Federal 
programs should be accounted for. The ‘‘ac-crual method’’ of accounting records revenue when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred, while the ‘‘cash method’’ records revenue and expenses when cash is actually paid or received. 
(6) The Federal budget accounts for most 
programs using cash accounting. Some pro-grams, however, particularly loan and loan guarantee programs, are accounted for using accrual methods. 
(7) GAO has indicated that accrual ac-
counting may provide a more accurate esti-mation of the Federal Government’s liabil-ities than cash accounting for some pro-grams specifically those that provide some form of insurance. 
(8) Where accrual accounting is used, it is 
almost exclusively calculated by CBO ac-cording to the methodology outlined in the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). CBO uses fair value methodology instead of FCRA to measure the cost of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for example. 
(9) FCRA methodology, however, under-
states the risk and thus the true cost of Fed-eral programs. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being estimated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper matu-rity length. 
(10) The Congressional Budget Office has 
concluded that ‘‘adopting a fair-value ap-proach would provide a more comprehensive way to measure the costs of Federal credit programs and would permit more level com-parisons between those costs and the costs of other forms of federal assistance’’ than the current approach under FCRA. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL ACCOUNTING METH-
ODOLOGIES .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion that Congress should, in consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Governmentwide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American 
people and their representatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the op-tions best suited to improving it. Such re-forms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
(1) Providing additional metrics to en-
hance our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of various age cohorts. 
(2) Expanding the use of accrual account-
ing where appropriate. 
(3) Accounting for certain Federal credit 
programs using fair value accounting as op-posed to the current approach under the Fed-eral Credit Reform Act of 1990. 
SEC. 814. POLICY STATEMENT ON 
SCOREKEEPING FOR OUTYEAR BUDGETARY EFFECTS IN APPRO-PRIATION ACTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Section 302 of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974 directs the Committee on the Budget to provide an allocation of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the budget year covered by a con-current resolution on the budget. 
(2) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided by the Committee on the Budget to the Committee on Appropriations covers a period of one fiscal year only, which is effec-tive for the budget year. 
(3) An appropriation Act, joint resolution, 
amendment thereto or conference report thereon may contain changes to programs that result in direct budgetary effects that occur beyond the budget year and beyond the period for which the allocation of budgetary resources provided by the Committee on the Budget is effective. 
(4) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions does not currently anticipate or cap-ture direct outyear budgetary effects to pro-grams. 
(5) Budget enforcement could be improved 
by capturing the direct outyear budgetary effects caused by appropriation Acts and using this information to determine the ap-propriate allocations of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropriations when considering future concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
the House of Representatives to more effec-tively allocate budgetary resources and ac-curately enforce budget targets by agreeing 
to a procedure by which the Committee on the Budget should consider the direct out-year budgetary effects of changes to manda-tory programs enacted in appropriations bills, joint resolutions, amendments thereto or conference reports thereon when setting the allocation of budgetary resources for the Committee on Appropriations in a concur-rent resolution on the budget. The relevant committees of jurisdiction are directed to consult on a procedure during fiscal year 2016 and include recommendations for imple-menting such procedure in the fiscal year 2017 concurrent resolution on the budget. 
SEC. 815. POLICY STATEMENT ON REDUCING UN-
NECESSARY, WASTEFUL, AND UNAU-THORIZED SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) is required by law to identify exam-ples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified doz-ens of such examples. 
(2) In its report to Congress on Govern-
ment Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that address-ing the identified waste, duplication, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1996 March 25, 2015 
overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to 
tens of billions of dollars of additional sav-ings.’’ 
(3) In 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 the GAO 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs includ-ing— 
(A) two hundred nine Science, Technology, 
Engineering, and Mathematics education programs in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
(B) two hundred separate Department of 
Justice crime prevention and victim services grant programs with an annual cost of $3.9 billion in 2010; 
(C) twenty different Federal entities ad-
minister 160 housing programs and other forms of Federal assistance for housing with a total cost of $170 billion in 2010; 
(D) seventeen separate Homeland Security 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 billion between fiscal year 2011 and 2012; 
(E) fourteen grant and loan programs, and 
three tax benefits to reduce diesel emissions; 
(F) ninety-four different initiatives run by 
11 different agencies to encourage ‘‘green building’’ in the private sector; and 
(G) twenty-three agencies implemented ap-
proximately 670 renewable energy initiatives in fiscal year 2010 at a cost of nearly $15 bil-lion. 
(4) The Federal Government spends more 
than $80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 information technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition fail-ures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
(5) GAO has identified strategic sourcing as 
a potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings an-nually. 
(6) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
(7) Under clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, each standing 
committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its es-tablishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management in Government programs. 
(8) According to the Congressional Budget 
Office, by fiscal year 2015, 32 laws will expire, possibly resulting in $693 billion in unauthor-ized appropriations. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of program justification and effectiveness. 
(9) The findings resulting from congres-
sional oversight of Federal Government pro-grams should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REDUCING UNNECESSARY , 
WASTEFUL , ANDUNAUTHORIZED SPENDING .— 
(1) Each authorizing committee annually 
should include in its Views and Estimates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget of programs within the jurisdiction of such committee whose funding should be reduced or eliminated. 
(2) Committees of jurisdiction should re-
view all unauthorized programs funded through annual appropriations to determine if the programs are operating efficiently and effectively. 
(3) Committees should reauthorize those 
programs that in the committees’ judgment should continue to receive funding. 
(4) For those programs not reauthorized by 
committees, the House of Representatives should enforce the limitations on funding such unauthorized programs in the House rules. If the strictures of the rules are 
deemed to be too rapid in prohibiting spend-ing on unauthorized programs, then milder measures should be adopted and enforced until a return to the full prohibition of clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House. 
SEC. 816. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE CANCELLA-TION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) According to the most recent estimate 
from the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
(2) These funds represent direct and discre-
tionary spending previously made available by Congress that remains available for ex-penditure. 
(3) In some cases, agencies are granted 
funding and it remains available for obliga-tion indefinitely. 
(4) The Congressional Budget and Impound-
ment Control Act of 1974 requires the Office of Management and Budget to make funds available to agencies for obligation and pro-hibits the Administration from withholding or cancelling unobligated funds unless ap-proved by an Act of Congress. 
(5) Greater congressional oversight is re-
quired to review and identify potential sav-ings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
(b) P
OLICY ON DEFICIT REDUCTION THROUGH  
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BAL-
ANCES .—Congressional committees should 
through their oversight activities identify and achieve savings through the cancellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of the Government nor reduce or disrupt Fed-eral commitments under programs such as Social Security, veterans’ affairs, national security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
(c) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Congress, with the 
assistance of the Government Accountability Office, the Inspectors General, and other ap-propriate agencies should continue to make it a high priority to review unobligated bal-ances and identify savings for deficit reduc-tion. 
SEC. 817. POLICY STATEMENT ON AGENCY FEES 
AND SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A number of Federal agencies and orga-
nizations have permanent authority to col-lect fees and other offsetting collections and to spend these collected funds. 
(2) The total amount of offsetting fees and 
offsetting collections is estimated by the Of-fice of Management and Budget to be $525 billion in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) Agency budget justifications are, in 
some cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting collections or fees. This lack of transparency prevents effective and account-able government. 
(b) P
OLICY ON AGENCY FEES AND SPEND -
ING.—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Congress should enact legislation requiring programs that are fund-ed through fees, offsetting receipts, or offset-ting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may arise from— 
(1) legislation originating from the author-
izing committee of jurisdiction for the agen-cy or program; or 
(2) fee and account specific allocations in-
cluded in annual appropriation Acts. SEC. 818. POLICY STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBLE 
STEWARDSHIP OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The budget for the House of Representa-
tives is $188 million less than it was when Republicans became the majority in 2011. 
(2) The House of Representatives has 
achieved significant savings by consolidating operations and renegotiating contracts. 
(b) P
OLICY ON RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP  
OFTAXPAYER DOLLARS .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that: 
(1) The House of Representatives must be a 
model for the responsible stewardship of tax-payer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, con-ferences, utilities, telecommunications, fur-niture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spend-ing. The Committee on House Administra-tion should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and com-mittees of the House, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the op-eration of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
(2) No taxpayer funds may be used to pur-
chase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
(3) Retirement benefits for Members of 
Congress should not include free, taxpayer- funded health care for life. 
SEC. 819. POLICY STATEMENT ON ‘‘NO BUDGET, 
NO PAY’’. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Con-
gress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, a House of Congress has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the payroll administrator of that House should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113–3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and should place in an escrow account all com-pensation otherwise required to be made for Members of that House of Congress. With-held compensation should be released to Members of that House of Congress the ear-lier of the day on which that House of Con-gress agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or the last day of that Congress. 
SEC. 820. POLICY STATEMENT ON NATIONAL SE-
CURITY FUNDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Russian aggression, the growing threats 
of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Middle East, North Korean and Ira-nian nuclear and missile programs, and con-tinued Chinese investments in high-end mili-tary capabilities and cyber warfare shape the parameters of an increasingly complex and challenging security environment. 
(2) All four current service chiefs testified 
that the National Military Strategy could not be executed at sequestration levels. 
(3) The independent and bipartisan Na-
tional Defense Panel conducted risk assess-ments of force structure changes triggered by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and concluded that in addition to previous cuts to defense dating back to 2009, the sequestra-tion of defense discretionary spending has ‘‘caused significant shortfalls in U.S. mili-tary readiness and both present and future capabilities’’. 
(4) The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget 
irresponsibly ignores current law and re-quests a defense budget $38 billion above the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1997 March 25, 2015 
caps for rhetorical gain. By creating an ex-
pectation of spending without a plan to avoid the BCA’s guaranteed sequester upon breaching of its caps, the White House’s pro-posal compounds the fiscal uncertainty that has affected the military’s ability to ade-quately plan for future contingencies and make investments crucial for the Nation’s defense. 
(5) The President’s budget proposes $1.8 
trillion in tax increases, in addition to the $1.7 trillion in tax hikes the Administration has already imposed. The President’s tax in-creases would further burden economic growth and is not a realistic source for off-sets to fund defense sequester replacement. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FISCAL YEAR2016 N ATIONAL  
DEFENSE FUNDING .—In fiscal year 2015, the 
House-passed budget resolution anticipated $566 billion for national defense in the discre-tionary base budget for fiscal year 2016. With no necessary statutory change yet provided by Congress, the BCA statute would require limiting national defense discretionary base funding to $523 billion in fiscal year 2016. However, in total with $90 billion, the House Budget estimate for Overseas Contingency Operations funding for the Department of Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides over $613 billion total for defense spending that is higher than the President’s budget request for the fiscal year. This concurrent resolution provides $22 billion above the President’s Five Year Defense Plan and $151 billion above the 10-year totals. This would also be $387 billion above the 10-year total for current levels. 
(c) D
EFENSE READINESS AND MODERNIZATION  
FUND.—(1) The budget resolution recognizes 
the need to ensure robust funding for na-tional defense while maintaining overall fis-cal discipline. The budget resolution prioritizes our national defense and the needs of the warfighter by providing needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund’’. 
(2) The Defense Readiness and Moderniza-
tion Fund provides the mechanism for Con-gress to responsibly allocate in a deficit-neu-tral way the resources the military needs to secure the safety and liberty of United States citizens from threats at home and abroad. The Defense Readiness and Mod-ernization Fund will provide the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House the ability to increase allocations to support legislation that would provide for the De-partment of Defense warfighting capabili-ties, modernization, a temporary increase in end strength, training and maintenance as-sociated with combat readiness, activities to reach full auditability of the Department of Defense’s financial statements, and imple-mentation of military and compensation re-forms. 
(d) S
EQUESTER REPLACEMENT FOR NATIONAL  
DEFENSE .—This concurrent resolution en-
courages an immediate reevaluation of Fed-eral Government priorities to maintain the strength of America’s national security pos-ture. In identifying policies to restructure and stabilize the Government’s major enti-tlement programs which, along with net in-terest, will consume all Federal revenue in less than 20 years. The budget also charts a course that can ensure the availability of needed national security resources. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank my col-leagues for their participation yester-
day. We had extensive debate on the committee mark yesterday; so I will review, very briefly, the committee mark and then touch on the differences between this and the next substitute amendment. 
This amendment is the committee 
mark. It is A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. As we have talked about, this balances the budget in less than 10 years. It does so without rais-ing taxes, which is absolutely vital. 
All of the other alternatives that 
were brought from our friends on the other side of the aisle to the floor today, every one of them, raised sig-nificant taxes on the American people. We set out a path to be able to provide for a fairer, simpler, a more appro-priate tax code where Washington isn’t picking winners and losers. 
Our underlying resolution repeals all 
of ObamaCare. It eliminates the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. It lays out a path for patient-centered health care, where patients and fami-lies and doctors are making medical decisions, not Washington, D.C. 
We ensure a strong national defense. 
Our numbers, when you combine the base budget with the global war on ter-ror budget, are above the President’s numbers required for making certain that our men and women who stand in harm’s way have the resources avail-able to make certain they can protect not just us, but protect themselves. 
We secure our future by laying out a 
path to save and strengthen and secure Medicare and Medicaid. It is so incred-ibly important. Medicare, itself, has been estimated by the trustees to go insolvent—to go broke—in 2033. It is absolutely vital that this Congress rec-ognize the challenge before us and lay out a path for saving and strength-ening and securing Medicare, and we do just that. 
We restore federalism. We think it is 
important to increase choices and op-portunities for the men and women back home. It is imperative that we have increased flexibility for States, not just in the area of health care and in the area of Medicaid, but also in the area of nutritional assistance and in the area of education. Folks in our States and in our local communities know better how to respond to the needs of their citizens; and we cut cor-porate waste, fraud, and abuse and cor-porate welfare. 
Positive solutions, Mr. Chairman, in 
a bill that we label ‘‘A Balanced Budg-et for a Stronger America,’’ solutions that will get us on track to revive this economy, get folks back to work, and make certain that we put a cap on the debt and begin to put us on a path to paying off the debt, we can only do that if we get to balance. 
This is A Balanced Budget for a 
Stronger America. I encourage our col-leagues to adopt and to support this substitute. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, let 
me start with something, I think, Members who are listening to this de-bate should know already, which is that the Republican budget does not balance, not by a long shot. 
It assumes the revenue from the Af-
fordable Care Act even though they claim to repeal the Affordable Care Act. It doesn’t account for the costs of additional tax cuts that are coming through this House as we speak, and, if the revenue from that were lost, their budget would be even further out of balance. 
In fact, just today, in the Ways and 
Means Committee, they are increasing the deficit by over $250 billion over 10 years by giving a huge tax cut to 5,500 families in getting rid of the estate tax. 
Now, everyone should understand 
that the estate tax only applies to cou-ples with estates worth over $10 mil-lion. They are saying that people with estates worth $10 million, who have done really well, shouldn’t contribute anything toward investments in our country, even toward deficit reduction. That increases the deficit right away and puts their budget even more out of balance, so this doesn’t come close to balancing. 
While it is actually cutting special 
interest tax breaks for folks at the very high end of the income scale, it actually disinvests in the rest of the country. They dramatically cut the portion of our budget that we use to in-vest in our kids’ futures, in early edu-cation, in kindergarten through grade 12. 
They make it harder for students to 
afford college. They say they are going to start charging students interest while they are still in college, even though we have record student debt of over $1 trillion in this country. 
b1700 
They make it harder on seniors right 
away. Seniors will pay more for pre-scription drugs, seniors on Medicare; seniors will pay more in copays for pre-ventive care. If they really got rid of the Affordable Care entirely, seniors would also be paying higher part B pre-miums. That is what they say they want to do, get rid of it entirely. 
The Democratic budget which we put 
forward presents an alternative. We were disappointed that this body voted against that and decided, instead, to support a budget that squeezes hard- working families and is hard on every-one in America except for those who are already at the very top. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I ask the 
Chair how much time remains on each side. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.016 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1998 March 25, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Georgia has 21⁄4minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Maryland has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I am pre-
pared to close, so I will reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, let me just emphasize 
a couple of specifics in the Republican budget that is before us. 
We haven’t talked a lot about seniors 
in nursing homes. You know, two- thirds of Medicaid goes to help seniors and disabled individuals in nursing homes, and yet the Republican budget cuts $900 billion from Medicaid. The Congressional Budget Office says one of two things will happen: either States will increase taxes back home or sen-iors will get less care. 
The Republican budget provides less 
for our veterans this year than the President’s budget, less by $1.9 billion, $19 billion less for the Veterans Admin-istration over the next 10 years com-pared to the President’s budget. 
At the same time, their budget plays 
games with defense spending. That is why we have so-called Price 1 and Price 2. Neither Price is right here. They both play games with our defense spending by using our defense overseas contingency account as a slush fund, something the Republican-led Com-mittee on the Budget said last year they would not do. In fact, they said it was a backdoor loophole that under-mines the integrity of the budget proc-ess. 
This is the committee report. This is 
the Republican-drafted committee re-port when Mr. R
YAN was chairman of 
the committee 1 year ago. Tear it up. Just as they said what they are doing would violate the integrity of the budg-et process, it does. That is exactly what it does. It plays games with our defense spending. 
The President’s budget, the Demo-
cratic budget, did this in a straight-forward way. We said, look, Joint Chiefs of Staff, our military leadership says that they need a certain amount for funding our defense needs in our base budget and a certain amount for overseas contingencies. The President’s budget and Democratic budget funded that. Republican budgets, all of them, all of the ones here, play games with that. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope as we consider 
this Republican budget that plays games with defense spending, which disinvests in America and in our fu-ture, and which squeezes hard-working Americans every day even harder, working families, seniors, students— the only people it says, ‘‘Don’t worry. You don’t have to do more to help this country move forward’’ are folks at the very top. They get a tax rate cut, and they don’t cut a single special interest tax break. That is the wrong way for America. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, as I said yesterday, 
somewhere across this land somebody has turned to their wife at home and said: ‘‘Hide the kids and pets, dear. They are talking about the budget.’’ 
I really am amazed. Well, I shouldn’t 
be amazed, but I really am amazed at the level of misinformation and hyper-bole that goes on. The gentleman on the other side knows that the way that we treat the defense spending, $613 bil-lion with base defense and global war on terror funding, is exactly the way it has to be treated until the law is changed. The gentleman on the other side didn’t even recognize that, the Democrats don’t recognize that, the President doesn’t recognize that. He puts a phony number in his budget that will snap right back down to the se-quester level of $523 billion unless the law is changed—something that we ac-tually support, something in our budg-et that we provide a path to be able to do. We provide the path to a solution. The other folks are just providing rhet-oric. 
What about balance? Here are the 
deficits over the next 10 years, Mr. Chairman. The red line is current pol-icy. What the President and our friends on the other side do actually mirrors, basically, that line. You will notice that at the end of this, this gets near to a trillion dollars of deficit in 1 year. These folks think you can just spend and spend and spend. 
This is our line. This gets us down to 
balance. This is how you begin to pay off the debt. This is how you begin to provide greater opportunities for the American people, a budget of real hope, real opportunity. Our friends on the other side say it is harder on seniors and students and workers and Med-icaid—not true. What we actually do is propose solutions to the challenges that we face. 
We can’t stick our head in the sand 
and expect these problems are going to get solved. I just wish that our friends on the other side would join us to-gether and help solve these challenges. The challenges are huge. The American people know it. 
What our budget does, A Balanced 
Budget for a Stronger America actu-ally lays out a path to be able to solve these challenges, positive solutions for the American people. They recognize that. We are standing up on behalf of all Americans to solve the challenges that we have. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 6 IN THE NATURE OF A SUB -
STITUTE OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE OF  
GEORGIA . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–49. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE 
BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—The Congress deter-
mines and declares that this concurrent res-olution establishes the budget for fiscal year 2016 and sets forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: 
Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget 
for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
Sec. 101. Recommended levels and amounts. 
Sec. 102. Major functional categories. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
Sec. 201. Reconciliation in the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
Sec. 202. Reconciliation procedures. Sec. 203. Additional guidance for reconcili-
ation. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
Sec. 301. Submissions of findings for the 
elimination of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 401. Cost estimates for major legisla-
tion to incorporate macro-economic effects. 
Sec. 402. Limitation on measures affecting 
Social Security solvency. 
Sec. 403. Budgetary treatment of adminis-
trative expenses. 
Sec. 404. Limitation on transfers from the 
general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund. 
Sec. 405. Limitation on advance appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 406. Fair value credit estimates. Sec. 407. Limitation on long-term spending. Sec. 408. Allocation for overseas contin-
gency operations/global war on terrorism. 
Sec. 409. Adjustments for improved control 
of budgetary resources. 
Sec. 410. Concepts, aggregates, allocations 
and application. 
Sec. 411. Rulemaking powers. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
Sec. 501. Reserve fund for the repeal of the 
President’s health care law. 
Sec. 502. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 503. Deficit-neutral reserve fund related 
to the Medicare provisions of the President’s health care law. 
Sec. 504. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for the 
State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. 
Sec. 505. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
graduate medical education. 
Sec. 506. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
trade agreements. 
Sec. 507. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for re-
forming the tax code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.059 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1999 March 25, 2015 
Sec. 508. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
revenue measures. 
Sec. 509. Deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-
duce poverty and increase op-portunity and upward mobility. 
Sec. 510. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
transportation. 
Sec. 511. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for 
Federal retirement reform. 
Sec. 512. Deficit-neutral reserve fund for de-
fense sequester replacement. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
Sec. 601. Direct spending. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
Sec. 701. Long-term budgeting. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
Sec. 801. Policy statement on balanced 
budget amendment. 
Sec. 802. Policy statement on budget process 
and baseline reform. 
Sec. 803. Policy statement on economic 
growth and job creation. 
Sec. 804. Policy statement on tax reform. Sec. 805. Policy statement on trade. 
Sec. 806. Policy statement on Social Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 807. Policy statement on repealing the 
President’s health care law and promoting real health care re-form. 
Sec. 808. Policy statement on Medicare. Sec. 809. Policy statement on medical dis-
covery, development, delivery and innovation. 
Sec. 810. Policy statement on Federal regu-
latory reform. 
Sec. 811. Policy statement on higher edu-
cation and workforce develop-ment opportunity. 
Sec. 812. Policy statement on Department of 
Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 813. Policy statement on Federal ac-
counting methodologies. 
Sec. 814. Policy statement on scorekeeping 
for outyear budgetary effects in appropriation Acts. 
Sec. 815. Policy statement on reducing un-
necessary, wasteful, and unau-thorized spending. 
Sec. 816. Policy statement on deficit reduc-
tion through the cancellation of unobligated balances. 
Sec. 817. Policy statement on agency fees 
and spending. 
Sec. 818. Policy statement on responsible 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. 
Sec. 819. Policy statement on ‘‘No Budget, 
No Pay’’. 
Sec. 820. Policy statement on national secu-
rity funding. 
TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS 
SEC. 101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-
priate for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025: 
(1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion: 
(A) The recommended levels of Federal 
revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,666,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,763,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,858,131,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $2,974,147,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,099,410,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,241,963,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,388,688,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,550,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,722,144,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,905,648,000,000. 
(B) The amounts by which the aggregate 
levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: Fiscal year 2016: $0. 
Fiscal year 2017: $0. Fiscal year 2018: $0. Fiscal year 2019: $0. Fiscal year 2020: $0. Fiscal year 2021: $0. Fiscal year 2022: $0. Fiscal year 2023: $0. Fiscal year 2024: $0. Fiscal year 2025: $0. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes 
of the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the budgetary levels of total new budg-et authority are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $2,936,989,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,874,003,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,944,067,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,091,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,248,181,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,328,045,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,463,044,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,529,161,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,586,560,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,715,369,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, the budgetary levels of total budget outlays are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $3,010,185,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $2,894,439,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $2,927,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $3,062,270,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,205,614,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,298,984,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,452,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,497,999,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,538,491,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,685,327,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS (ON -BUDGET) .—For purposes of 
the enforcement of this concurrent resolu-tion, the amounts of the deficits (on-budget) are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: -$343,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: -$131,111,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: -$69,145,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: -$88,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: -$106,204,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: -$57,021,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: -$63,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $52,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $183,653,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $220,321,000,000. (5) D
EBT SUBJECT TO LIMIT .—The budgetary 
levels of the public debt are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $19,048,915,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $19,395,251,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $19,643,341,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $19,949,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $20,263,382,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $20,507,829,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $20,908,840,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $21,078,135,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $20,918,559,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $20,907,169,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The budg-
etary levels of debt held by the public are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2016: $13,839,152,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: $14,041,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: $14,146,945,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: $14,340,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $14,562,210,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $14,744,287,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $15,130,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $15,302,457,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $15,164,550,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $15,237,647,000,000. 
SEC. 102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
The Congress determines and declares that 
the budgetary levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2025 for each major functional category are: 
(1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $531,334,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,027,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $582,506,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $572,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $607,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $586,422,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $620,019,000,000. (B) Outlays, $604,238,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $632,310,000,000. (B) Outlays, $617,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $644,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $630,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $657,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $670,997,000,000. (B) Outlays, $656,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $683,771,000,000. (B) Outlays, $663,936,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $698,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $683,350,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $38,342,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,923,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $39,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,821,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $40,539,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $41,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,214,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $42,390,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,564,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,861,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $44,081,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,868,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $45,070,000,000. (B) Outlays, $41,633,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $46,098,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $47,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,349,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology 
(250): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $28,381,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $29,003,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $28,932,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,924,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $29,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,357,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $30,227,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,798,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $30,904,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,388,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $31,584,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,957,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $32,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $31,637,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $33,003,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,338,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $33,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,059,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $34,488,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2000 March 25, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $33,795,000,000. 
(4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,581,000,000. (B) Outlays, $654,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $1,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $649,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $1,189,000,000. (B) Outlays, $234,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $1,196,000,000. (B) Outlays, $307,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $1,259,000,000. (B) Outlays, $472,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $1,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $728,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $1,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $863,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $1,375,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $1,332,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$964,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$1,215,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment 
(300): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $35,350,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,113,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,047,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,268,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $36,385,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,674,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $37,206,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,747,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $38,171,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,304,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $38,367,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $39,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,361,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $40,108,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,319,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $40,962,000,000. (B) Outlays, $40,486,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $39,095,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,471,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $20,109,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,164,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $23,064,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,194,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $21,987,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,396,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $20,907,000,000. (B) Outlays, $20,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $19,835,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,386,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $19,296,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $19,245,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,830,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $19,821,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,391,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $20,020,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $20,256,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,851,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$3,269,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$16,617,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$12,373,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,620,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$10,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,998,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$8,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$28,587,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$6,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$27,479,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$6,522,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,769,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$5,742,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,819,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$4,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,306,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$3,991,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$3,370,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,845,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $36,743,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,181,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $69,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $69,500,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $70,298,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $76,397,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,051,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $77,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $76,767,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $79,149,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $80,613,000,000. (B) Outlays, $79,946,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, $82,128,000,000. (B) Outlays, $81,336,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $83,709,000,000. (B) Outlays, $82,724,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $85,335,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,983,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development 
(450): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $7,082,000,000. (B) Outlays, $19,928,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $7,688,000,000. (B) Outlays, $16,753,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $8,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $15,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $8,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $13,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $8,409,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,567,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $8,305,000,000. (B) Outlays, $12,095,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $8,304,000,000. (B) Outlays, $10,937,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $8,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $9,345,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $8,447,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,890,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $8,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $8,930,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and 
Social Services (500): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $80,620,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,389,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $84,746,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,513,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $87,029,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,366,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $85,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, $85,290,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $87,901,000,000. (B) Outlays, $87,669,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $88,908,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $90,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $90,467,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $91,237,000,000. (B) Outlays, $91,646,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $92,744,000,000. (B) Outlays, $93,101,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $94,400,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,734,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $416,475,000,000. (B) Outlays, $426,860,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $360,678,000,000. (B) Outlays, $364,823,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $358,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, $360,468,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $367,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $367,916,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $387,076,000,000. (B) Outlays, $377,341,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $388,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $389,025,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $398,136,000,000. (B) Outlays, $398,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $408,454,000,000. (B) Outlays, $408,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $425,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $425,477,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $433,945,000,000. (B) Outlays, $434,143,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $577,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,635,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $580,837,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,777,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $580,782,000,000. (B) Outlays, $580,741,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $639,293,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2001 March 25, 2015 
(B) Outlays, $639,213,000,000. 
Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $680,575,000,000. (B) Outlays, $680,481,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $726,644,000,000. (B) Outlays, $726,548,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $808,204,000,000. (B) Outlays, $808,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $825,577,000,000. (B) Outlays, $825,379,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $834,148,000,000. (B) Outlays, $834,037,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $927,410,000,000. (B) Outlays, $927,292,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $512,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $513,709,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $479,836,000,000. (B) Outlays, $475,234,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $481,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, $471,951,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $483,293,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $516,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, $510,603,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $502,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $496,856,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $518,690,000,000. (B) Outlays, $518,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $525,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $519,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $532,515,000,000. (B) Outlays, $521,105,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $550,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $543,361,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $33,878,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $36,535,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,535,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $39,407,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,407,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: 
(A) New budget authority, $42,634,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,634,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $46,104,000,000. (B) Outlays, $46,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $49,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, $49,712,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $53,547,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $57,455,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,455,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $61,546,000,000. (B) Outlays, $61,546,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $65,751,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,751,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $166,677,000,000. (B) Outlays, $170,121,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $164,843,000,000. (B) Outlays, $164,387,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: 
(A) New budget authority, $163,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, $162,385,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $174,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $174,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $179,735,000,000. (B) Outlays, $178,778,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $183,969,000,000. (B) Outlays, $183,019,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $196,283,000,000. (B) Outlays, $195,255,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $192,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $191,834,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $189,668,000,000. (B) Outlays, $188,553,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $203,517,000,000. (B) Outlays, $202,383,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $52,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,006,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $55,450,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,547,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $55,169,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $56,854,000,000. (B) Outlays, $56,572,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $58,585,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,392,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $60,498,000,000. (B) Outlays, $59,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $63,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,485,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $64,917,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,355,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $66,844,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,264,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $68,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,051,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $23,593,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,576,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $22,761,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $23,202,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $22,817,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,279,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,252,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,084,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $23,947,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,602,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,192,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $24,981,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $25,695,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,840,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $26,010,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,878,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $26,968,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,825,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $366,542,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, $366,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $414,802,000,000. (B) Outlays, $414,802,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $477,785,000,000. (B) Outlays, $477,785,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $531,097,000,000. (B) Outlays, $531,097,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $578,726,000,000. (B) Outlays, $578,726,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $612,198,000,000. (B) Outlays, $612,198,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $642,470,000,000. (B) Outlays, $642,470,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $667,176,000,000. (B) Outlays, $667,176,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $684,394,000,000. (B) Outlays, $684,394,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $696,025,000,000. (B) Outlays, $696,025,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$33,462,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,275,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$29,863,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,277,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,175,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$28,249,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$34,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$31,078,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$39,009,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$35,136,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$42,221,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$38,438,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$46,013,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,205,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$49,123,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$45,430,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$50,652,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$47,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$48,913,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$48,058,000,000. (20) Government-wide savings (930): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $27,465,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,416,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$15,712,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$3,005,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$32,429,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,148,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$41,554,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$32,383,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$50,240,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$42,168,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$55,831,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$50,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$63,954,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$57,849,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$71,850,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$65,124,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$78,889,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$71,689,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2002 March 25, 2015 
Fiscal year 2025: 
(A) New budget authority, -$113,903,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$93,929,000,000. (21) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$73,514,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$73,514,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$83,832,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$83,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$90,115,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$90,594,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$90,594,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$92,193,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$92,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$96,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$96,623,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$99,437,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$99,437,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, -$104,343,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$104,343,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$111,213,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$111,213,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$117,896,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$117,896,000,000. (22) Overseas Contingency Operations/Glob-
al War on Terrorism (970): 
Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority $96,000,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,442,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,238,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,940,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $26,191,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,916,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $26,666,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $9,956,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $2,869,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: 
(A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $278,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $0. (B) Outlays, $0. (23) Across-the-Board Adjustment (990): Fiscal year 2016: (A) New budget authority -$21,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$17,000,000. Fiscal year 2017: (A) New budget authority, -$22,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$20,000,000. Fiscal year 2018: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$21,000,000. Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, -$23,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$22,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, -$24,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$23,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, -$25,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$24,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: 
(A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, -$26,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$25,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, -$27,000,000. (B) Outlays, -$26,000,000. 
TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 201. RECONCILIATION IN THE HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) S UBMISSION PROVIDING FOR DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION .—Not later than July 15, 2015, the 
committees named in subsection (b) shall submit their recommendations to the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives to carry out this section. 
(b) I
NSTRUCTIONS .— 
(1) C OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE .—The Com-
mittee on Agriculture shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(2) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Armed Services shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(3) C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK -
FORCE .—The Committee on Education and 
the Workforce shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(4) C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE .— 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce shall submit changes in laws within its juris-diction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(5) C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES .—The 
Committee on Financial Services shall sub-mit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(6) C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY .— 
The Committee on Homeland Security shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(7) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—The 
Committee on the Judiciary shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(8) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— 
The Committee on Natural Resources shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(9) C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERN -
MENT REFORM .—The Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(10) C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—The Committee on Science, 
Space, and Technology shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction sufficient to reduce the deficit by $15,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(11) C
OMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .—The Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(12) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .— 
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdic-tion sufficient to reduce the deficit by $100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 
through 2025. 
(13) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—The 
Committee on Ways and Means shall submit changes in laws within its jurisdiction suffi-cient to reduce the deficit by $1,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 202. RECONCILIATION PROCEDURES. 
(a) E STIMATING ASSUMPTIONS .— 
(1) A SSUMPTIONS .—In the House, for pur-
poses of titles III and IV of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget shall use the baseline underlying the Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook: 2015 to 2025 (January 2015) when making estimates of any bill or joint resolution, or any amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon. If adjustments to the baseline are made subse-quent to the adoption of this concurrent res-olution, then such chair shall determine whether to use any of these adjustments when making such estimates. 
(2) I
NTENT .—The authority set forth in 
paragraph (1) should only be exercised if the estimates used to determine the compliance of such measures with the budgetary require-ments included in the concurrent resolution are inaccurate because adjustments made to the baseline are inconsistent with the as-sumptions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. Such inaccurate adjustments made after the adop-tion of this concurrent resolution may in-clude selected adjustments for rulemaking, judicial actions, adjudication, and interpre-tative rules that have major budgetary ef-fects and are inconsistent with the assump-tions underlying the budgetary levels set forth in this concurrent resolution. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE ESTI -
MATES .—Upon the request of the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget of the House for any measure, the Congressional Budget Of-fice shall prepare an estimate based on the baseline determination made by such chair pursuant to paragraph (1). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF THE PRESIDENT ’SHEALTH  
CARELAWTHROUGH RECONCILIATION .—In pre-
paring their submissions under section 201(a) to the Committee on the Budget, the com-mittees named in section 201(b) shall— 
(1) note the policies described in the report 
accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget that repeal the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010; and 
(2) determine the most effective methods 
by which the health care laws referred to in paragraph (1) shall be repealed in their en-tirety. 
(c) R
EVISION OF BUDGETARY LEVELS .— 
(1) S UBMISSION .—Upon the submission to 
the Committee on the Budget of the House of a recommendation that has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of section 310(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget may file with the House appropriately revised allocations under section 302(a) of such Act and revised functional levels and aggregates. 
(2) C
ONFERENCE REPORT .—Upon the submis-
sion to the House of a conference report rec-ommending a reconciliation bill or resolu-tion in which a committee has complied with its reconciliation instructions solely by vir-tue of this section, the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House may file with the House appropriately revised alloca-tions under section 302(a) of such Act and re-vised functional levels and aggregates. 
(3) R
EVISION .—Allocations and aggregates 
revised pursuant to this subsection shall be considered to be allocations and aggregates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2003 March 25, 2015 
established by the concurrent resolution on 
the budget pursuant to section 301 of such Act. 
SEC. 203. ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE FOR REC-
ONCILIATION. 
(a) G UIDANCE .—In the House, the chair of 
the Committee on the Budget may develop additional guidelines providing further infor-mation, budgetary levels and amounts, and other explanatory material to supplement the instructions included in this concurrent resolution pursuant to section 310 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and set forth in section 201. 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—In the House, the chair 
of the Committee on the Budget may cause the material prepared pursuant to subsection (a) to be printed in the Congressional Record on the appropriate date, but not later than the date set forth in this title on which com-mittees must submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget in order to comply with the reconciliation instructions set forth in section 201. 
TITLE III—SUBMISSIONS FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
SEC. 301. SUBMISSIONS OF FINDINGS FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE. 
(a) S UBMISSIONS PROVIDING FOR THE ELIMI-
NATION OF WASTE , FRAUD , ANDABUSE .—In the 
House, not later than October 1, 2015, the committees named in subsection (d) shall submit to the Committee on the Budget find-ings that identify changes in law within their jurisdictions that would achieve the specified level of savings through the elimi-nation of waste, fraud, and abuse. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS SUBMITTED .—After 
receiving those recommendations — 
(1) the Committee on the Budget may use 
them in the development of future concur-rent resolutions on the budget; and 
(2) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget of the House shall make such rec-ommendations publicly available in elec-tronic form and cause them to be placed in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after receipt. 
(c) S
PECIFIED LEVELS OF SAVINGS .—For 
purposes of this section, a specified level of savings for each committee may be inserted in the Congressional Record by the chair of the Committee on the Budget. 
(d) H
OUSE COMMITTEES .—The following 
committees shall submit findings to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives pursuant to subsection (a): the Committee on Agriculture, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on House Ad-ministration, the Committee on the Judici-ary, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Small Business, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(e) R
EPORT BY THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT -
ABILITY OFFICE .—By August 1, 2015, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives a comprehensive report identifying instances in which the commit-tees referred to in subsection (d) may make legislative changes to improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of programs within their jurisdiction. TITLE IV—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 401. COST ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR LEGISLA-
TION TO INCORPORATE MACRO-ECONOMIC EFFECTS. 
(a) CBO E STIMATES .—For purposes of the 
enforcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, an estimate provided by the Congres-sional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legislation considered in the House or the Senate during fiscal year 2016 shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate the budg-etary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macro-economic variables resulting from such leg-islation. 
(b) J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION ESTI-
MATES .—For purposes of the enforcement of 
this concurrent resolution, any estimate pro-vided by the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Director of the Congressional Budget Office under section 201(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 for any major legis-lation shall, to the extent practicable, incor-porate the budgetary effects of changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, and other macroeconomic variables resulting from such legislation. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—Any estimate referred to in 
this section shall, to the extent practicable, include— 
(1) a qualitative assessment of the budg-
etary effects (including macroeconomic vari-ables described in subsections (a) and (b)) of such legislation in the 20-fiscal year period beginning after the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution sets forth budgetary levels required by section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(2) an identification of the critical assump-
tions and the source of data underlying that estimate. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘major legislation’’ means any 
bill or joint resolution— 
(A) for which an estimate is required to be 
prepared pursuant to section 402 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 and that causes a gross budgetary effect (before incor-porating macroeconomic effects) in any fis-cal year over the years of the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budg-et equal to or greater than 0.25 percent of the current projected gross domestic product of the United States for that fiscal year; or 
(B) designated as such by the chair of the 
Committee on the Budget for all direct spending legislation other than revenue leg-islation or the Member who is chair or vice chair, as applicable, of the Joint Committee on Taxation for revenue legislation; and 
(2) the term ‘‘budgetary effects’’ means 
changes in revenues, budget authority, out-lays, and deficits. 
SEC. 402. LIMITATION ON MEASURES AFFECTING 
SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the en-
forcement of this concurrent resolution, upon its adoption until the end of fiscal year 2016, it shall not be in order to consider in the House or the Senate a bill or joint reso-lution, or an amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, that reduces the ac-tuarial balance by at least .01 percent of the present value of future taxable payroll of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund established under section 201(a) of the Social Security Act for the 75-year pe-riod utilized in the most recent annual re-port of the Board of Trustees provided pursu-ant to section 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to a measure that would improve the actuarial balance of the combined balance in the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-
ance Trust Fund for the 75-year period uti-lized in the most recent annual report of the Board of Trustees provided pursuant to sec-tion 201(c)(2) of the Social Security Act. 
SEC. 403. BUDGETARY TREATMENT OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
302(a)(1) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, section 13301 of the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990, and section 4001 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, the report accompanying this concurrent resolution on the budget or the joint explanatory state-ment accompanying the conference report on any concurrent resolution on the budget shall include in its allocation under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations amounts for the discretionary administra-tive expenses of the Social Security Admin-istration and the United States Postal Serv-ice. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of enforc-
ing sections 302(f) and 311 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, estimates of the level of total new budget authority and total outlays provided by a measure shall include any discretionary amounts described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 404. LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS FROM THE 
GENERAL FUND OF THE TREASURY TO THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
For purposes of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974, the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the rules or orders of the House of Representa-tives, a bill or joint resolution, or an amend-ment thereto or conference report thereon, that transfers funds from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund shall be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year the transfer oc-curs. 
SEC. 405. LIMITATION ON ADVANCE APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, except as 
provided for in subsection (b), any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, making a general appropriation or continuing appropriation may not provide for advance appropriations. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—An advance appropriation 
may be provided for programs, projects, ac-tivities, or accounts identified in the report to accompany this concurrent resolution or the joint explanatory statement of managers to accompany this concurrent resolution under the heading: 
(1) G
ENERAL .—‘‘Accounts Identified for Ad-
vance Appropriations’’; and 
(2) V ETERANS .—‘‘Veterans Accounts Identi-
fied for Advance Appropriations’’. 
(c) L IMITATIONS .—The aggregate level of 
advance appropriations shall not exceed— 
(1) G ENERAL .—$28,852,000,000 in new budget 
authority for all programs identified pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1); and 
(2) V
ETERANS .—$63,271,000,000 in new budget 
authority for programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs identified pursuant to sub-section (b)(2). 
(d) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘advance appro-
priation’’ means any new discretionary budg-et authority provided in a bill or joint reso-lution, or any amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, making general ap-propriations or continuing appropriations, for the fiscal year following fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 406. FAIR VALUE CREDIT ESTIMATES. 
(a) F AIRVALUE ESTIMATES .—Upon the re-
quest of the chair or ranking member of the Committee on the Budget, any estimate of the budgetary effects of a measure prepared by the Director of the Congressional Budget 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2004 March 25, 2015 
Office under the terms of title V of the Con-
gressional Budget Act of 1974, ‘‘credit re-form’’ shall, as a supplement to such esti-mate, and to the extent practicable, also pro-vide an estimate of the current actual or es-timated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by such measure. 
(b) F
AIRVALUE ESTIMATES FOR HOUSING  
AND STUDENT LOAN PROGRAMS .—Whenever 
the Director of the Congressional Budget Of-fice prepares an estimate pursuant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 of the budgetary effects which would be in-curred in carrying out any bill or joint reso-lution and if the Director determines that such bill or joint resolution has a budgetary effect related to a housing, residential mort-gage or student loan program under title V of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, then the Director shall also provide an estimate of the current actual or estimated market values representing the ‘‘fair value’’ of assets and liabilities affected by the provisions of such bill or joint resolution that result in such effect. 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—If the Director of the 
Congressional Budget Office provides an esti-mate pursuant to subsection (a) or (b), the chair of the Committee on the Budget may use such estimate to determine compliance with the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and other budgetary enforcement controls. 
SEC. 407. LIMITATION ON LONG-TERM SPENDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the House, it shall not 
be in order to consider a bill or joint resolu-tion reported by a committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations), or an amend-ment thereto or a conference report thereon, if the provisions of such measure have the net effect of increasing direct spending in ex-cess of $5,000,000,000 for any period described in subsection (b). 
(b) T
IMEPERIODS .—The applicable periods 
for purposes of this section are any of the four consecutive ten fiscal-year periods be-ginning in the fiscal year following the last fiscal year of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 408. ALLOCATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-
GENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM. 
(a) S EPARATE OCO/GWOT A LLOCATION .—In 
the House, there shall be a separate alloca-tion of new budget authority and outlays provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions for the purposes of Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of enforc-
ing the separate allocation referred to in subsection (a) under section 302(f) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974, the ‘‘first fis-cal year’’ and the ‘‘total of fiscal years’’ shall be deemed to refer to fiscal year 2016. Section 302(c) of such Act shall not apply to such separate allocation. 
(c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—New budget authority 
or outlays counting toward the allocation es-tablished by subsection (a) shall be des-ignated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(d) A
DJUSTMENTS .—For purposes of sub-
section (a) for fiscal year 2016, no adjustment shall be made under section 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if any ad-justment would be made under section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 409. ADJUSTMENTS FOR IMPROVED CON-
TROL OF BUDGETARY RESOURCES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS OF DISCRETIONARY AND  
DIRECT SPENDING LEVELS .—In the House, if a 
committee (other than the Committee on Appropriations) reports a bill or joint resolu-tion, or offers any amendment thereto or submits a conference report thereon, pro-viding for a decrease in direct spending (budget authority and outlays flowing there-
from) for any fiscal year and also provides for an authorization of appropriations for the same purpose, upon the enactment of such measure, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may decrease the allocation to such committee and increase the allocation of discretionary spending (budget authority and outlays flowing therefrom) to the Com-mittee on Appropriations for fiscal year 2016 by an amount equal to the new budget au-thority (and outlays flowing therefrom) pro-vided for in a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for the same purpose. 
(b) D
ETERMINATIONS .—In the House, for the 
purpose of enforcing this concurrent resolu-tion, the allocations and aggregate levels of new budget authority, outlays, direct spend-ing, new entitlement authority, revenues, deficits, and surpluses for fiscal year 2016 and the period of fiscal years 2016 through fiscal year 2025 shall be determined on the basis of estimates made by the chair of the Com-mittee on the Budget and such chair may ad-just applicable levels of this concurrent reso-lution. 
SEC. 410. CONCEPTS, AGGREGATES, ALLOCA-
TIONS AND APPLICATION. 
(a) C ONCEPTS , ALLOCATIONS , AND APPLICA -
TION.—In the House— 
(1) upon a change in budgetary concepts or 
definitions, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may adjust any allocations, ag-gregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution accordingly; 
(2) any adjustments of the allocations, ag-
gregates, and other budgetary levels made pursuant to this concurrent resolution shall— 
(A) apply while that measure is under con-
sideration; 
(B) take effect upon the enactment of that 
measure; and 
(C) be published in the Congressional 
Record as soon as practicable; 
(3) section 202 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Con-
gress) shall have no force or effect for any reconciliation bill reported pursuant to in-structions set forth in this concurrent reso-lution; 
(4) the chair of the Committee on the 
Budget may adjust the allocations, aggre-gates, and other appropriate budgetary lev-els to reflect changes resulting from the most recently published or adjusted baseline of the Congressional Budget Office; and 
(5) the term ‘‘budget year’’ means the most 
recent fiscal year for which a concurrent res-olution on the budget has been adopted. 
(b) A
GGREGATES , ALLOCATIONS AND APPLI-
CATION .—In the House, for purposes of this 
concurrent resolution and budget enforce-ment— 
(1) the consideration of any bill or joint 
resolution, or amendment thereto or con-ference report thereon, for which the chair of the Committee on the Budget makes adjust-ments or revisions in the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels of this con-current resolution shall not be subject to the points of order set forth in clause 10 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives or section 407 of this concurrent resolu-tion; and 
(2) revised allocations and aggregates re-
sulting from these adjustments shall be con-sidered for the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 as allocations and aggre-gates included in this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 411. RULEMAKING POWERS. 
The House adopts the provisions of this 
title— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of the House of Representatives, and these rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with other 
such rules; and 
(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE V—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 501. RESERVE FUND FOR THE REPEAL OF 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that consists solely of the full re-peal of the Affordable Care Act and the health care-related provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 or measures that make modifications to such law. 
SEC. 502. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that promotes real health care re-form, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 503. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATED TO THE MEDICARE PROVI-SIONS OF THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that repeals all or part of the de-creases in Medicare spending included in the Affordable Care Act or the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 504. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
THE STATE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure extends the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit over the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 505. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, expands access to, and improves, as determined by such chair, graduate medical education programs, but only if such meas-ure would not increase the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 506. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2005 March 25, 2015 
Means, or amendment thereto or conference 
report thereon, that implements a trade agreement, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 507. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REFORMING THE TAX CODE. 
In the House, if the Committee on Ways 
and Means reports a bill or joint resolution that reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, the chair of the Committee on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggre-gates, and other budgetary levels in this con-current resolution for the budgetary effects of any such bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 508. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
REVENUE MEASURES. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for the budgetary effects of any bill or joint resolution re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, that decreases revenue, but only if such measure would not increase the deficit for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 509. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REDUCE POVERTY AND INCREASE OPPORTUNITY AND UPWARD MOBIL-ITY. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms policies and programs to reduce pov-erty and increase opportunity and upward mobility, but only if such measure would neither adversely impact job creation nor in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 510. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
TRANSPORTATION. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure maintains the solvency of the Highway Trust Fund, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 511. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
FEDERAL RETIREMENT REFORM. 
In the House, the chair of the Committee 
on the Budget may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure reforms, improves and updates the Federal retirement system, as determined by such chair, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SEC. 512. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND FOR 
DEFENSE SEQUESTER REPLACE-MENT. 
The chair of the Committee on the Budget 
may revise the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels in this concurrent resolution for any bill or joint resolution, or amendment thereto or conference report thereon, if such measure supports the fol-lowing activities: Department of Defense training and maintenance associated with combat readiness, modernization of equip-ment, auditability of financial statements, or military compensation and benefit re-forms, by the amount provided for these pur-
poses, but only if such measure would not in-crease the deficit (without counting any net revenue increases in that measure) over the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
TITLE VI—ESTIMATES OF DIRECT 
SPENDING 
SEC. 601. DIRECT SPENDING. 
(a) M EANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For means-tested direct spending, the 
average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period preceding fiscal year 2016 is 6.8 percent. 
(2) For means-tested direct spending, the 
estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period be-ginning with fiscal year 2016 is 4.6 percent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for means-tested direct spending: 
(A) In 1996, a Republican Congress and a 
Democratic president reformed welfare by limiting the duration of benefits, giving States more control over the program, and helping recipients find work. In the five years following passage, child-poverty rates fell, welfare caseloads fell, and workers’ wages increased. This budget applies the les-sons of welfare reform to both the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program and Medicaid. 
(B) For Medicaid, this budget assumes the 
conversion of the Federal share of Medicaid spending into flexible State allotments, which States will be able to tailor to meet their unique needs. Such a reform would end the misguided one-size-fits-all approach that ties the hands of State governments and would provide States with the freedom and flexibility they have long requested in the Medicaid program. Moreover, this budget as-sumes the repeal of the Medicaid expansions in the President’s health care law, relieving State governments of the crippling one-size- fits-all enrollment mandates, as well as the overwhelming pressure the law’s Medicaid expansion puts on an already-strained sys-tem. 
(C) For the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-
ance Program, this budget assumes the con-version of the program into a flexible State allotment tailored to meet each State’s needs. The allotment would increase based on the Department of Agriculture Thrifty Food Plan index and beneficiary growth. Such a reform would provide incentives for States to ensure dollars will go towards those who need them most. 
(b) N
ONMEANS -TESTED DIRECT SPENDING .— 
(1) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year period pre-ceding fiscal year 2016 is 5.4 percent. 
(2) For nonmeans-tested direct spending, 
the estimated average rate of growth in the total level of outlays during the 10-year pe-riod beginning with fiscal year 2016 is 5.5 per-cent under current law. 
(3) The following reforms are proposed in 
this concurrent resolution for nonmeans- tested direct spending: 
(A) For Medicare, this budget advances 
policies to put seniors, not the Federal Gov-ernment, in control of their health care deci-sions. Future retirees would be able to choose from a range of guaranteed coverage options, with private plans competing along-side the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program. Medicare would provide a pre-mium-support payment either to pay for or offset the premium of the plan chosen by the senior, depending on the plan’s cost. The Medicare premium-support payment would be adjusted so that the sick would receive higher payments if their conditions wors-ened; lower-income seniors would receive ad-ditional assistance to help cover out-of-pock-
et costs; and wealthier seniors would assume responsibility for a greater share of their premiums. Putting seniors in charge of how their health care dollars are spent will force providers to compete against each other on price and quality. This market competition will act as a real check on widespread waste and skyrocketing health care costs. As with previous budgets, this program will begin in 2024 and makes no changes to those in or near retirement. 
(B) In keeping with a recommendation 
from the National Commission on Fiscal Re-sponsibility and Reform, this budget calls for Federal employees—including Members of Congress and congressional staff—to make greater contributions toward their own re-tirement. 
TITLE VII—RECOMMENDED LONG-TERM 
LEVELS 
SEC. 701. LONG-TERM BUDGETING. 
The following are the recommended rev-
enue, spending, and deficit levels for each of 
fiscal years 2030, 2035, and 2040 as a percent of the gross domestic product of the United States: 
(1) R
EVENUES .—The budgetary levels of 
Federal revenues are as follows: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.7 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 19.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 19.0 percent. 
(2) O
UTLAYS .—The budgetary levels of total 
budget outlays are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 18.4 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 17.8 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 16.9 percent. 
(3) D
EFICITS .—The budgetary levels of defi-
cits are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: -0.3 percent. Fiscal year 2035: -1.2 percent. Fiscal year 2040: -2.1 percent. 
(4) D
EBT.—The budgetary levels of debt 
held by the public are not to exceed: 
Fiscal year 2030: 44.0 percent. Fiscal year 2035: 32.0 percent. Fiscal year 2040: 18.0 percent. 
TITLE VIII—POLICY STATEMENTS 
SEC. 801. POLICY STATEMENT ON BALANCED 
BUDGET AMENDMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Federal Government collects ap-
proximately $3 trillion annually in taxes, but spends more than $3.5 trillion to maintain the operations of government. The Federal Government must borrow 14 cents of every Federal dollar spent. 
(2) At the end of the year 2014, the national 
debt of the United States was more than $18.1 trillion. 
(3) A majority of States have petitioned 
the Federal Government to hold a Constitu-tional Convention for the consideration of adopting a Balanced Budget Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
(4) Forty-nine States have fiscal limita-
tions in their State Constitutions, including the requirement to annually balance the budget. 
(5) H.J. Res. 2, sponsored by Rep. Robert W. 
Goodlatte (R-VA), was considered by the House of Representatives on November 18, 2011, though it received 262 aye votes, it did not receive the two-thirds required for pas-sage. 
(6) Numerous balanced budget amendment 
proposals have been introduced on a bipar-tisan basis in the House. Twelve were intro-duced in the 113th Congress alone, including H.J. Res. 4 by Democratic Representative John J. Barrow of Georgia, and H.J. Res. 38 by Republican Representative Jackie Walorski of Indiana. 
(7) The joint resolution providing for a bal-
anced budget amendment to the U.S. Con-stitution referred to in paragraph (5) prohib-ited outlays for a fiscal year (except those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2006 March 25, 2015 
for repayment of debt principal) from ex-
ceeding total receipts for that fiscal year (except those derived from borrowing) unless Congress, by a three-fifths roll call vote of each chamber, authorizes a specific excess of outlays over receipts. 
(8) In 1995, a balanced budget amendment 
to the U.S. Constitution passed the House with bipartisan support, but failed of passage by one vote in the United States Senate. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that Congress should pass a joint resolution incorporating the provisions set forth in subsection (b), and send such joint resolution to the States for their ap-proval, to amend the Constitution of the United States to require an annual balanced budget. 
SEC. 802. POLICY STATEMENT ON BUDGET PROC-
ESS AND BASELINE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— 
(1) In 1974, after more than 50 years of exec-
utive dominance over fiscal policy, Congress acted to reassert its ‘‘power of the purse’’, and passed the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act. 
(2) The measure explicitly sought to estab-
lish congressional control over the budget process, to provide for annual congressional 
determination of the appropriate level of taxes and spending, to set important na-tional budget priorities, and to find ways in which Members of Congress could have ac-cess to the most accurate, objective, and highest quality information to assist them in discharging their duties. 
(3) Far from achieving its intended pur-
pose, however, the process has instituted a bias toward higher spending and larger gov-ernment. The behemoth of the Federal Gov-ernment has largely been financed through either borrowing or taking ever greater amounts of the national income through high taxation. 
(4) The process does not treat programs 
and policies consistently and shows a bias toward higher spending and higher taxes. 
(5) It assumes extension of spending pro-
grams (of more than $50 million per year) scheduled to expire. 
(6) Yet it does not assume the extension of 
tax policies in the same way. consequently, extending existing tax policies that may be scheduled to expire is characterized as a new tax reduction, requiring offsets to ‘‘pay for’’ merely keeping tax policy the same even though estimating conventions would not re-quire similar treatment of spending pro-grams. 
(7) The original goals set for the congres-
sional process are admirable in their intent, but because the essential mechanisms of the process have remained the same, and ‘‘re-forms’’ enacted over the past 40 years have largely taken the form of layering greater levels of legal complexity without reforming or reassessing the very fundamental nature of the process. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution on the budget that as the primary branch of Government, Congress must: 
(1) Restructure the fundamental proce-
dures of budget decision making; 
(2) Reassert Congress’s ‘‘power of the 
purse’’, and reinforce the balance of powers between Congress and the President, as the 1974 Act intended. 
(3) Create greater incentives for lawmakers 
to do budgeting as intended by the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, especially adopt-ing a budget resolution every year. 
(4) Encourage more effective control over 
spending, especially currently uncontrolled direct spending. 
(5) Consider innovative fiscal tools such as: 
zero based budgeting, which would require a department or agency to justify its budget as if it were a new expenditure; and direct 
spending caps to enhance oversight of auto-matic pilot spending that increases each year without congressional approval. 
(6) Promote efficient and timely budget ac-
tions, so that lawmakers complete their budget actions by the time the new fiscal year begins. 
(7) Provide access to the best analysis of 
economic conditions available and increase awareness of how fiscal policy directly im-pacts overall economic growth and job cre-ation, 
(9) Remove layers of complexity that have 
complicated the procedures designed in 1974, 
and made budgeting more arcane and opaque. 
(10) Remove existing biases that favor 
higher spending. 
(11) Include procedures by which current 
tax laws may be extended and treated on a basis that is not different from the extension of entitlement programs. 
(c) B
UDGET PROCESS REFORM .—Comprehen-
sive budget process reform should also re-move the bias in the baseline against the ex-tension of current tax laws in the following ways: 
(1) Permanent extension of tax laws should 
not be used as a means to increase taxes on other taxpayers; 
(2) For those expiring tax provisions that 
are proposed to be permanently extended, Congress should use a more realistic baseline that does not require them to be offset; and, 
(3) Tax-reform legislation should not in-
clude tax increases just to offset the exten-sion of current tax laws. 
(d) L
EGISLATION .—The Committee on the 
Budget intends to draft legislation during the 114th Congress that will rewrite the Con-gressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to fulfill the goals of making the congressional budget process more effective in ensuring taxpayers’ dollars are spent wise-ly and efficiently. 
SEC. 803. POLICY STATEMENT ON ECONOMIC 
GROWTH AND JOB CREATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Although the United States economy 
technically emerged from recession more than 5 years ago, the subsequent recovery has felt more like a malaise than a rebound. Real gross domestic product GDP growth over the past 5 years has averaged slightly more than 2 percent, well below the 3.2 per-cent historical trend rate of growth in the United States. Although the economy has shown some welcome signs of improvement of late, the Nation remains in the midst of the weakest economic recovery of the mod-ern era. 
(2) Looking ahead, CBO expects the econ-
omy to grow by an average of just 2.3 percent over the next 10 years. That level of eco-nomic growth is simply unacceptable and in-sufficient to expand opportunities and the incomes of millions of middle-income Ameri-cans. 
(3) Sluggish economic growth has also con-
tributed to the country’s fiscal woes. Subpar growth means that revenue levels are lower than they would otherwise be while govern-ment spending (e.g. welfare and income-sup-port programs) is higher. Clearly, there is a dire need for policies that will spark higher rates of economic growth and greater, high-er-quality job opportunities 
(4) Although job gains have been trending 
up of late, other aspects of the labor market remain weak. The labor force participation rate, for instance, is hovering just under 63 percent, close to the lowest level since 1978. Long-term unemployment also remains a problem. Of the roughly 8.7 million people who are currently unemployed, 2.7 million (more than 30 percent) have been unem-ployed for more than 6 months. Long-term 
unemployment erodes an individual’s job skills and detaches them from job opportuni-ties. It also undermines the long-term pro-ductive capacity of the economy. 
(5) Perhaps most important, wage gains 
and income growth have been subpar for middle-class Americans. Average hourly earnings of private-sector workers have in-creased by just 1.6 percent over the past year. Prior to the recession, average hourly earnings were tracking close to 4 percent. Likewise, average income levels have re-mained flat in recent years. Real median household income is just under $52,000, one of the lowest levels since 1995. 
(6) The unsustainable fiscal trajectory has 
cast a shadow on the country’s economic outlook. investors and businesses make deci-sions on a forward-looking basis. they know that today’s large debt levels are simply to-morrow’s tax hikes, interest rate increases, or inflation and they act accordingly. This debt overhang, and the uncertainty it gen-erates, can weigh on growth, investment, and job creation. 
(7) Nearly all economists, including those 
at the CBO, conclude that reducing budget deficits (thereby bending the curve on debt levels is a net positive for economic growth over time. The logic is that deficit reduction creates long-term economic benefits because it increases the pool of national savings and boosts investment, thereby raising economic growth and job creation. 
(8) CBO analyzed the House Republican fis-
cal year 2016 budget resolution and found it would increase real output per capita (a proxy for a country’s standard of living) by about $1,000 in 2025 and roughly $5,000 by 2040 relative to the baseline path. That means more income and greater prosperity for all Americans. 
(9) In contrast, if the Government remains 
on the current fiscal path, future genera-tions will face ever-higher debt service costs, a decline in national savings, and a ‘‘crowd-ing out’’ of private investment. This dy-namic will eventually lead to a decline in economic output and a diminution in our country’s standard of living. 
(10) The key economic challenge is deter-
mining how to expand the economic pie, not how best to divide up and re-distribute a shrinking pie. 
(11) A stronger economy is vital to low-
ering deficit levels and eventually balancing the budget. According to CBO, if annual real GDP growth is just 0.1 percentage point higher over the budget window, deficits would be reduced by $326 billion. 
(12) This budget resolution therefore em-
braces pro-growth policies, such as funda-mental tax reform, that will help foster a stronger economy, greater opportunities and more job creation. 
(b) P
OLICY ON ECONOMIC GROWTH AND JOB 
CREATION .—It is the policy of this resolution 
to promote faster economic growth and job creation. By putting the budget on a sustain-able path, this resolution ends the debt- fueled uncertainty holding back job creators. Reforms to the tax code will put American businesses and workers in a better position to compete and thrive in the 21st century global economy. This resolution targets the regulatory red tape and cronyism that stack the deck in favor of special interests. All of the reforms in this resolution serve as means to the larger end of helping the economy grow and expanding opportunity for all Americans. 
SEC. 804. POLICY STATEMENT ON TAX REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A world-class tax system should be sim-
ple, fair, and promote (rather than impede) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2007 March 25, 2015 
economic growth. The United States tax 
code fails on all three counts: It is notori-ously complex, patently unfair, and highly inefficient. The tax code’s complexity dis-torts decisions to work, save, and invest, which leads to slower economic growth, lower wages, and less job creation. 
(2) Over the past decade alone, there have 
been 4,107 changes to the tax code, more than one per day. Many of the major changes over the years have involved carving out special preferences, exclusions, or deductions for various activities or groups. These loopholes add up to more than $1 trillion per year and make the code unfair, inefficient, and highly complex. 
(3) In addition, these tax preferences are 
disproportionately used by upper-income in-dividuals. 
(4) The large amount of tax preferences 
that pervade the code end up narrowing the tax base. A narrow tax base, in turn, requires much higher tax rates to raise a given amount of revenue. 
(5) It is estimated that American taxpayers 
end up spending $160 billion and roughly 6 billion hours a year complying with the tax code waste of time and resources that could be used in more productive activities. 
(6) Standard economic theory shows that 
high marginal tax rates dampen the incen-tives to work, save, and invest, which re-duces economic output and job creation. Lower economic output, in turn, mutes the intended revenue gain from higher marginal tax rates. 
(7) Roughly half of U.S. active business in-
come and half of private sector employment are derived from business entities (such as partnerships, S corporations, and sole propri-etorships) that are taxed on a ‘‘pass- through’’ basis, meaning the income flows through to the tax returns of the individual owners and is taxed at the individual rate structure rather than at the corporate rate. Small businesses, in particular, tend to choose this form for Federal tax purposes, and the top Federal rate on such small busi-ness income can reach nearly 45 percent. For these reasons, sound economic policy re-quires lowering marginal rates on these pass- through entities. 
(8) The U.S. corporate income tax rate (in-
cluding Federal, State, and local taxes) sums to slightly more than 39 percent, the highest rate in the industrialized world. Tax rates this high suppress wages and discourage in-vestment and job creation, distort business activity, and put American businesses at a competitive disadvantage with foreign com-petitors. 
(9) By deterring potential investment, the 
U.S. corporate tax restrains economic growth and job creation. The U.S. tax rate differential with other countries also fosters a variety of complicated multinational cor-porate behaviors intended to avoid the tax, which have the effect of moving the tax base offshore, destroying American jobs, and de-creasing corporate revenue. 
(10) The ‘‘worldwide’’ structure of U.S. 
international taxation essentially taxes earnings of United States firms twice, put-ting them at a significant competitive dis-advantage with competitors with more com-petitive international tax systems. 
(11) Reforming the United States tax code 
to a more competitive international system would boost the competitiveness of United States companies operating abroad and it would also greatly reduce tax avoidance. 
(12) The tax code imposes costs on Amer-
ican workers through lower wages, on con-sumers in higher prices, and on investors in diminished returns. 
(13) Revenues have averaged about 17.4 per-
cent of the economy throughout modern American history. Revenues rise above this level under current law to 18.3 percent of the 
economy by the end of the 10-year budget window. 
(14) Attempting to raise revenue through 
new tax increases to meet out-of-control spending would sink the economy and Amer-icans’ ability to save for their retirement and their children’s education. 
(15) This resolution also rejects the idea of 
instituting a carbon tax in the United States, which some have offered as a new source of revenue. Such a plan would damage the economy, cost jobs, and raise prices on American consumers. 
(16) Closing tax loopholes to fund spending 
does not constitute fundamental tax reform. 
(17) The goal of tax reform should be to 
curb or eliminate loopholes and use those savings to lower tax rates across the board not to fund more wasteful Government spending. Washington has a spending prob-lem, not a revenue problem. 
(18) Many economists believe that funda-
mental tax reform (i.e. a broader tax base and lower tax rates) would lead to greater labor supply and increased investment, which, over time, would have a positive im-pact on total national output. 
(19) Heretofore, the congressional score-
keepers the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) and the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT). 
(20) Static scoring implicitly assumes that 
the size of the economy (and therefore key economic variables such as labor supply and investment) remains fixed throughout the considered budget horizon. This is an ab-straction from reality. 
(21) A new House rule was adopted at the 
beginning of the 114th Congress to help cor-rect this problem. This rule requires CBO and JCT to incorporate the macroeconomic effects of major legislation into their official cost estimates. 
(22) This rule seeks to bridge the divide be-
tween static estimates and scoring that in-corporates economic feedback effects by pro-viding policymakers with a greater amount of information about the likely economic impact of policies under their consideration while at the same time preserving tradi-tional scoring methods and reporting con-ventions. 
(b) P
OLICY ON TAXREFORM .—It is the pol-
icy of this resolution that Congress should enact legislation that provides for a com-prehensive reform of the United States tax code to promote economic growth, create American jobs, increase wages, and benefit American consumers, investors, and workers through fundamental tax reform that— 
(1) simplifies the tax code to make it fairer 
to American families and businesses and re-duces the amount of time and resources nec-essary to comply with tax laws; 
(2) substantially lowers tax rates for indi-
viduals and consolidates the current seven individual income tax brackets into fewer brackets; 
(3) repeals the Alternative Minimum Tax; (4) reduces the corporate tax rate; and (5) transitions the tax code to a more com-
petitive system of international taxation in a manner that does not discriminate against any particular type of income or industry. 
SEC. 805. POLICY STATEMENT ON TRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Opening foreign markets to American 
exports is vital to the United States econ-omy and beneficial to American workers and consumers. The Commerce Department esti-mates that every $1 billion of United States exports supports more than 5,000 jobs here at home. 
(2) The United States can increase eco-
nomic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of 
trade, adherence to trade agreement rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of foreign trade barriers to United States goods and services. 
(3) Trade Promotion Authority is a bipar-
tisan and bicameral effort to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objec-tives for trade agreements, to improve con-sultation with Congress by the Administra-tion, and to provide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implemen-tation of trade agreements. 
(4) Global trade and commerce is not a 
zero-sum game. The idea that global expan-sion tends to ‘‘hollow out’’ United States op-
erations is incorrect. Foreign-affiliate activ-ity tends to complement, not substitute for, key parent activities in the United States such as employment, worker compensation, and capital investment. When United States headquartered multinationals invest and ex-pand operations abroad it often leads to more jobs and economic growth at home. 
(5) Trade agreements have saved the aver-
age American family of four more than $10,000 per year, as a result of lower duties. Trade agreements also lower the cost of manufacturing inputs by removing duties. 
(6) American businesses and workers have 
shown that, on a level playing field, they can excel and surpass the international competi-tion. 
(7) When negotiating trade agreements, 
United States laws on Intellectual Property (IP) protection should be used as a bench-mark for establishing global IP frameworks. Strong IP protections have contributed sig-nificantly to the United States status as a world leader in innovation across sectors, in-cluding in the development of life-saving bio-logic medicines. The data protections af-forded to biologics in United States law, in-cluding 12 years of data protection, allow continued development of pioneering medi-cines to benefit patients both in the United States and abroad. To maintain the cycle of innovation and achieve truly 21st century trade agreements, it is vital that our nego-tiators insist on the highest standards for IP protections. 
(8) The status quo of the current tax code 
also undermines the competitiveness of United States businesses and costs the United States economy investment and jobs. 
(9) The United States currently has an an-
tiquated system of international taxation whereby United States multinationals oper-ating abroad pay both the foreign-country tax and United States corporate taxes. They are essentially taxed twice. This puts them at an obvious competitive disadvantage. A modern and competitive international tax system would facilitate global commerce for United States multinational companies and would encourage foreign business investment and job creation in the United States. 
(10) The ability to defer United States 
taxes on their foreign operations, which some erroneously refer to as a ‘‘tax loop-hole,’’ cushions this disadvantage to a cer-tain extent. Eliminating or restricting this provision (and others like it) would harm United States competitiveness. 
(11) This budget resolution advocates fun-
damental tax reform that would lower the United States corporate rate, now the high-est in the industrialized world, and switch to a more competitive system of international taxation. This would make the United States a much more attractive place to invest and station business activity and would chip away at the incentives for United States companies to keep their profits overseas (be-cause the United States corporate rate is so high). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2008 March 25, 2015 
(b) P OLICY ON TRADE .—It is the policy of 
this concurrent resolution to pursue inter-national trade, global commerce, and a mod-ern and competitive United States inter-national tax system to promote job creation in the United States. The United States should continue to seek increased economic opportunities for American workers and businesses through the expansion of trade opportunities, adherence to trade agree-ments and rules by the United States and its trading partners, and the elimination of for-eign trade barriers to United States goods and services by opening new markets and by enforcing United States rights. To that end, Congress should pass Trade Promotion Au-thority to strengthen the role of Congress in setting negotiating objectives for trade agreements, to improve consultation with Congress by the Administration, and to pro-vide a clear framework for congressional consideration and implementation of trade agreements. 
SEC. 806. POLICY STATEMENT ON SOCIAL SECU-
RITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 55 million retirees, individ-
uals with disabilities, and survivors depend on Social Security. Since enactment, Social Security has served as a vital leg on the ‘‘three-legged stool’’ of retirement security, which includes employer provided pensions as well as personal savings. 
(2) The Social Security Trustees Report 
has repeatedly recommended that Social Se-curity’s long-term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial condition of Social Security be-comes more precarious and the threat to sen-iors and those receiving Social Security dis-ability benefits becomes more pronounced: 
(A) In 2016, the Disability Insurance Trust 
Fund will be exhausted and program reve-nues will be unable to pay scheduled bene-fits. 
(B) In 2033, the combined Old-Age and Sur-
vivors and Disability Trust Funds will be ex-hausted, and program revenues will be un-able to pay scheduled benefits. 
(C) With the exhaustion of the Trust Funds 
in 2033, benefits will be cut nearly 23 percent across the board, devastating those cur-rently in or near retirement and those who rely on Social Security the most. 
(3) The recession and continued low eco-
nomic growth have exacerbated the looming fiscal crisis facing Social Security. The most recent Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projections find that Social Security will run cash deficits of more than $2 trillion over the next 10 years. 
(4) Lower income Americans rely on Social 
Security for a larger proportion of their re-tirement income. Therefore, reforms should take into consideration the need to protect lower income Americans’ retirement secu-rity. 
(5) The Disability Insurance program pro-
vides an essential income safety net for those with disabilities and their families. According to the CBO, between 1970 and 2012, the number of people receiving disability benefits (both disabled workers and their de-pendent family members) has increased by more than 300 percent from 2.7 million to over 10.9 million. This increase is not due strictly to population growth or decreases in health. David Autor and Mark Duggan have found that the increase in individuals on dis-ability does not reflect a decrease in self-re-ported health. CBO attributes program growth to changes in demographics, changes in the composition of the labor force and compensation, as well as Federal policies. 
(6) If this program is not reformed, fami-
lies who rely on the lifeline that disability benefits provide will face benefit cuts of up to 20 percent in 2016, devastating individuals 
who need assistance the most. 
(7) In the past, Social Security has been re-
formed on a bipartisan basis, most notably by the ‘‘Greenspan Commission’’ which helped to address Social Security shortfalls for more than a generation. 
(8) Americans deserve action by the Presi-
dent, the House, and the Senate to preserve and strengthen Social Security. It is critical that bipartisan action be taken to address the looming insolvency of Social Security. In this spirit, this resolution creates a bipar-tisan opportunity to find solutions by requir-ing policymakers to ensure that Social Secu-rity remains a critical part of the safety net. 
(b) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY .—It is the 
policy of this resolution that Congress should work on a bipartisan basis to make Social Security sustainably solvent. This resolution assumes reform of a current law trigger, such that: 
(1) If in any year the Board of Trustees of 
the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-
ance Trust Fund annual Trustees Report de-termines that the 75-year actuarial balance of the Social Security Trust Funds is in def-icit, and the annual balance of the Social Se-curity Trust Funds in the 75th year is in def-icit, the Board of Trustees should, no later than September 30 of the same calendar year, submit to the President recommenda-tions for statutory reforms necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th- year. Recommendations provided to the President must be agreed upon by both Pub-lic Trustees of the Board of Trustees. 
(2) Not later than 1 December of the same 
calendar year in which the Board of Trustees submit their recommendations, the Presi-dent should promptly submit implementing legislation to both Houses of Congress in-cluding his recommendations necessary to achieve a positive 75-year actuarial balance and a positive annual balance in the 75th year. The Majority Leader of the Senate and the Majority Leader of the House should in-troduce the President’s legislation upon re-ceipt. 
(3) Within 60 days of the President submit-
ting legislation, the committees of jurisdic-tion to which the legislation has been re-ferred should report a bill, which should be considered by the full House or Senate under expedited procedures. 
(4) Legislation submitted by the President 
should— 
(A) protect those in or near retirement; (B) preserve the safety net for those who 
count on Social Security the most, including those with disabilities and survivors; 
(C) improve fairness for participants; (D) reduce the burden on, and provide cer-
tainty for, future generations; and 
(E) secure the future of the Disability In-
surance program while addressing the needs of those with disabilities today and improv-ing the determination process. 
(c) P
OLICY ON DISABILITY INSURANCE .—It is 
the policy of this resolution that Congress and the President should enact legislation on a bipartisan basis to reform the Disability Insurance program prior to its insolvency in 2016 and should not raid the Social Security retirement system without reforms to the Disability Insurance system. This resolution assumes reform that— 
(1) ensure benefits continue to be paid to 
individuals with disabilities and their family members who rely on them; 
(2) prevents a 20 percent across-the-board 
benefit cut; 
(3) makes the Disability Insurance pro-
gram work better; and 
(4) promotes opportunity for those trying 
to return to work. (d) P
OLICY ON SOCIAL SECURITY SOLVENCY .— 
Any legislation that Congress considers to improve the solvency of the Disability Insur-ance trust fund also must improve the long- term solvency of the combined Old Age and Survivors Disability Insurance (OASDI) trust fund. 
SEC. 807. POLICY STATEMENT ON REPEALING 
THE PRESIDENT’S HEALTH CARE LAW AND PROMOTING REAL HEALTH CARE REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The President’s health care law put 
Washington’s priorities first, and not pa-tients’. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has failed to reduce health care premiums as promised; instead, the law mandated benefits and coverage levels, denying patients the op-portunity to choose the type of coverage that best suits their health needs and driving up health coverage costs. A typical family’s health care premiums were supposed to de-cline by $2,500 a year; instead, according to the 2014 Employer Health Benefits Survey, health care premiums have increased by 7 percent for individuals and families since 2012. 
(2) The President pledged ‘‘If you like your 
health care plan, you can keep your health 
care plan.’’ Instead, the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office now estimates 9 million Americans with employment-based health coverage will lose those plans due to the President’s health care law, further lim-iting patient choice. 
(3) Then-Speaker of the House, Pelosi, said 
that the President’s health care law would create 4 million jobs over the life of the law and almost 400,000 jobs immediately. Instead, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the reduction in hours worked due to Obamacare represents a decline of about 2.0 to 2.5 million full-time equivalent workers, compared with what would have occurred in the absence of the law. The full impact on labor represents a reduction in employment by 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent, while additional studies show less modest results. A recent study by the Mercatus Center at George Mason University estimates that Obamacare will reduce employment by up to 3 percent, or about 4 million full-time equivalent work-ers. 
(4) The President has charged the Inde-
pendent Payment Advisory Board, a panel of unelected bureaucrats, with cutting Medi-care by an additional $20.9 billion over the next ten years, according to the President’s most recent budget. 
(5) Since ACA was signed into law, the ad-
ministration has repeatedly failed to imple-ment it as written. The President has unilat-erally acted to make a total of 28 changes, delays, and exemptions. The President has signed into law another 17 changes made by Congress. The Supreme Court struck down the forced expansion of Medicaid; ruled the individual ‘‘mandate’’ could only be charac-terized as a tax to remain constitutional; and rejected the requirement that closely held companies provide health insurance to their employees if doing so violates these companies’ religious beliefs. Even now, al-most five years after enactment, the Su-preme Court continues to evaluate the legal-ity of how the President’s administration has implemented the law. All of these changes prove the folly underlying the entire program health care in the United States cannot be run from a centralized bureauc-racy. 
(6) The President’s health care law is 
unaffordable, intrusive, overreaching, de-structive, and unworkable. The law should be fully repealed, allowing for real, patient- centered health care reform: the develop-ment of real health care reforms that puts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2009 March 25, 2015 
patients first, that make affordable, quality 
health care available to all Americans, and that build on the innovation and creativity of all the participants in the health care sec-tor. 
(b) P
OLICY ON PROMOTING REAL HEALTH  
CAREREFORM .—It is the policy of this reso-
lution that the President’s health care law should be fully repealed and real health care reform promoted in accordance with the fol-lowing principles: 
(1) I
N GENERAL .—Health care reform should 
enhance affordability, accessibility, quality, innovation, choices and responsiveness in health care coverage for all Americans, put-ting patients, families, and doctors in charge, not Washington, DC. These reforms should encourage increased competition and transparency. Under the President’s health care law, government controls Americans’ health care choices. Under true, patient-cen-tered reform, Americans would. 
(2) A
FFORDABILITY .—Real reform should be 
centered on ensuring that all Americans, no matter their age, income, or health status, have the ability to afford health care cov-erage. The health care delivery structure should be improved, and individuals should not be priced out of the health insurance market due to pre-existing conditions, but nationalized health care is not only unneces-sary to accomplish this, it undermines the goal. Individuals should be allowed to join together voluntarily to pool risk through mechanisms such as Individual Membership Associations and Small Employer Member-ship Associations. 
(3) A
CCESSABILITY .—Instead of Washington 
outlining for Americans the ways they can-not use their health insurance, reforms should make health coverage more portable. Individuals should be able to own their in-surance and have it follow them in and out of jobs throughout their career. Small busi-ness owners should be permitted to band to-gether across State lines through their mem-bership in bona fide trade or professional as-sociations to purchase health coverage for their families and employees at a low cost. 
This will increase small businesses’ bar-gaining power, volume discounts, and admin-istrative efficiencies while giving them free-dom from State-mandated benefit packages. Also, insurers licensed to sell policies in one State should be permitted to offer them to residents in any other State, and consumers should be permitted to shop for health insur-ance across State lines, as they are with other insurance products online, by mail, by phone, or in consultation with an insurance agent. 
(4) Q
UALITY .—Incentives for providers to 
deliver high-quality, responsive, and coordi-nated care will promote patient outcomes and drive down health care costs. likewise, reforms that work to restore the patient- physician relationship by reducing adminis-trative burdens and allowing physicians to do what they do best: care for patients 
(5) C
HOICES .—Individuals and families 
should be free to secure the health care cov-erage that best meets their needs, rather than instituting one-size-fits-all directives from Federal bureaucracies such as the In-ternal Revenue Service, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board. 
(6) I
NNOVATION .—Instead of stifling innova-
tion in health care technologies, treatments, medications, and therapies with Federal mandates, taxes, and price controls, a re-formed health care system should encourage research, development and innovation. 
(7) R
ESPONSIVENESS .—Reform should re-
turn authority to States wherever possible to make the system more responsive to pa-tients and their needs. Instead of tying States’ hands with Federal requirements for their Medicaid programs, the Federal Gov-
ernment should return control of this pro-gram to the States. Not only does the cur-rent Medicaid program drive up Federal debt and threaten to bankrupt State budgets, but States are better positioned to provide qual-ity, affordable care to those who are eligible for the program and to track down and weed out waste, fraud and abuse. Beneficiary choices in the State Children’s Health Insur-ance Program (SCHIP) and Medicaid should be improved. States should make available the purchase of private insurance as an op-tion to their Medicaid and SCHIP popu-lations (though they should not require en-rollment). 
(8) R
EFORMS .—Reforms should be made to 
prevent lawsuit abuse and curb the practice of defensive medicine, which are significant drivers increasing health care costs. The bur-den of proof in medical malpractice cases should be based on compliance with best practice guidelines, and States should be free to implement those policies to best suit their needs. 
SEC. 808. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICARE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) More than 50 million Americans depend 
on Medicare for their health security. 
(2) The Medicare Trustees Report has re-
peatedly recommended that Medicare’s long- term financial challenges be addressed soon. Each year without reform, the financial con-dition of Medicare becomes more precarious and the threat to those in or near retirement becomes more pronounced. According to the Medicare Trustees Report— 
(A) the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund will 
be exhausted in 2030 and unable to pay sched-uled benefits; 
(B) Medicare enrollment is expected to in-
crease by over 50 percent in the next two decades, as 10,000 baby boomers reach retire-ment age each day; 
(C) enrollees remain in Medicare three 
times longer than at the outset of the pro-gram; 
(D) current workers’ payroll contributions 
pay for current beneficiaries; 
(E) in 2013, the ratio was 3.2 workers per 
beneficiary, but this falls to 2.3 in 2030 and continues to decrease over time; 
(F) most Medicare beneficiaries receive 
about three dollars in Medicare benefits for every one dollar paid into the program; and 
(G) Medicare spending is growing faster 
than the economy and Medicare outlays are currently rising at a rate of 6.5 percent per year over the next 10 years. According to the Congressional Budget Office’s 2014 Long- Term Budget Outlook, spending on Medicare is projected to reach 5 percent of gross do-mestic product (GDP) by 2043 and 9.3 percent of GDP by 2089. 
(3) Failing to address this problem will 
leave millions of American seniors without adequate health security and younger gen-erations burdened with enormous debt to pay for spending levels that cannot be sustained. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICARE REFORM .—It is the 
policy of this resolution to preserve the pro-gram for those in or near retirement and strengthen Medicare for future beneficiaries. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—This resolution assumes 
reform of the Medicare program such that— 
(1) current Medicare benefits are preserved 
for those in or near retirement; 
(2) permanent reform of the sustainable 
growth rate is responsibly accounted for to ensure physicians continue to participate in the Medicare program and provide quality health care for beneficiaries; 
(3) when future generations reach eligi-
bility, Medicare is reformed to provide a pre-mium support payment and a selection of guaranteed health coverage options from which recipients can choose a plan that best 
suits their needs; 
(4) Medicare will maintain traditional fee- 
for-service as a plan option; 
(5) Medicare will provide additional assist-
ance for lower income beneficiaries and those with greater health risks; and 
(6) Medicare spending is put on a sustain-
able path and the Medicare program becomes solvent over the long-term. 
SEC. 809. POLICY STATEMENT ON MEDICAL DIS-
COVERY, DEVELOPMENT, DELIVERY AND INNOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For decades, the Nation’s commitment 
to the discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments and cures has made the United States the biomedical innovation capital of the world, bringing life-saving drugs and devices to patients and well over a million high-paying jobs to local commu-nities. 
(2) Thanks to the visionary and determined 
leadership of innovators throughout Amer-ica, including industry, academic medical centers, and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the United States has led the way in early discovery. The United States leadership role is being threatened, however, as other countries contribute more to basic research from both public and private sources. 
(3) The Organisation for Economic Devel-
opment and Cooperation predicts that China, for example, will outspend the United States in total research and development by the end of the decade. 
(4) Federal policies should foster innova-
tion in health care, not stifle it. America should maintain its world leadership in med-ical science by encouraging competitive forces to work through the marketplace in delivering cures and therapies to patients. 
(5) Too often the bureaucracy and red-tape 
in Washington hold back medical innovation and prevent new lifesaving treatments from reaching patients. This resolution recognizes the valuable role of the NIH and the indis-pensable contributions to medical research coming from outside Washington. 
(6) America is the greatest, most innova-
tive Nation on Earth. Her people are innovators, entrepreneurs, visionaries, and relentless builders of the future. Americans were responsible for the first telephone, the first airplane, the first computer, for putting the first man on the moon, for creating the first vaccine for polio and for legions of other scientific and medical breakthroughs that have improved and prolonged human health and life for countless people in Amer-ica and around the world. 
(b) P
OLICY ON MEDICAL INNOVATION .— 
(1) It is the policy of this resolution to sup-
port the important work of medical innovators throughout the country, includ-ing private-sector innovators, medical cen-ters and the National Institutes of Health. 
(2) At the same time, the budget calls for 
continued strong funding for the agencies that engage in valuable research and devel-opment, while also urging Washington to get out of the way of researchers, discoverers and innovators all over the country. 
SEC. 810. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL REG-
ULATORY REFORM. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Excessive regulation at the Federal 
level has hurt job creation and dampened the economy, slowing the Nation’s recovery from the economic recession. 
(2) Since President Obama’s inauguration 
in 2009, the administration has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations in the Fed-eral Register including 70,066 pages in 2014. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2010 March 25, 2015 
(3) The National Association of Manufac-
turers estimates the total cost of regulations is as high as $2.03 trillion per year. Since 2009, the White House has generated more than $494 billion in regulatory activity, with an additional $87.6 billion in regulatory costs currently pending. 
(4) The Dodd-Frank financial services leg-
islation (Public Law 111–203) has resulted in more than $32 billion in compliance costs and saddled job creators with more than 63 million hours of compliance paperwork. 
(5) Implementation of the Affordable Care 
Act to date has added 132.9 million annual hours of compliance paperwork, imposing $24.3 billion of compliance costs on the pri-vate sector and an $8 billion cost burden on the States. 
(6) The highest regulatory costs come from 
rules issued by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA); these regulations are pri-marily targeted at the coal industry. In June 2014, the EPA proposed a rule to cut carbon pollution from the Nation’s power plants. The proposed standards are unachievable with current commercially available tech-nology, resulting in a de-facto ban on new coal-fired power plants. 
(7) Coal-fired power plants provide roughly 
40 percent of the United States electricity at a low cost. Unfairly targeting the coal indus-try with costly and unachievable regulations will increase energy prices, disproportion-ately disadvantaging energy-intensive indus-tries like manufacturing and construction, and will make life more difficult for millions of low-income and middle class families al-ready struggling to pay their bills. 
(8) Three hundred and thirty coal units are 
being retired or converted as a result of EPA regulations. Combined with the de-facto pro-hibition on new plants, these retirements and conversions may further increase the cost of electricity. 
(9) A recent study by the energy market 
analysis group Energy Ventures Analysis Inc. estimates the average energy bill in West Virginia will rise $750 per household by 2020, due in part to EPA regulations. West Virginia receives 95 percent of its electricity from coal. 
(10) The Heritage Foundation found that a 
phase-out of coal would cost 600,000 jobs by the end of 2023, resulting in an aggregate gross domestic product decrease of $2.23 tril-lion over the entire period and reducing the income of a family of four by $1,200 per year. Of these jobs, 330,000 will come from the manufacturing sector, with California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michi-gan, New York, Indiana, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia seeing the highest job losses. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL REGULATORY RE-
FORM .—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress should, in consultation with the public burdened by excessive regulation, enact legislation that— 
(1) promotes economic growth and job cre-
ation by eliminating unnecessary red tape and streamlining and simplifying Federal regulations; 
(2) requires the implementation of a regu-
latory budget to be allocated amongst Gov-ernment agencies, which would require con-gressional approval and limit the maximum costs of regulations in a given year; 
(3) requires congressional approval of all 
new major regulations (those with an impact of $100 million or more) before enactment as opposed to current law in which Congress must expressly disapprove of regulation to prevent it from becoming law, which would keep Congress engaged as to pending regu-latory policy and prevent costly and unsound policies from being implemented and becom-ing effective; (4) requires a three year retrospective cost- 
benefit analysis of all new major regula-tions, to ensure that regulations operate as intended; 
(5) reinforces the requirement of regu-
latory impact analysis for regulations pro-posed by executive branch agencies but also expands the requirement to independent agencies so that by law they consider the costs and benefits of proposed regulations rather than merely being encouraged to do so as is current practice; and 
(6) requires a formal rulemaking process 
for all major regulations, which would in-crease transparency over the process and allow interested parties to communicate their views on proposed legislation to agency officials. 
SEC. 811. POLICY STATEMENT ON HIGHER EDU-
CATION AND WORKFORCE DEVELOP-MENT OPPORTUNITY. 
(a) F INDINGS ON HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
House finds the following: 
(1) A well-educated workforce is critical to 
economic, job, and wage growth. 
(2) Roughly 20 million students are en-
rolled in American colleges and universities. 
(3) Over the past decade, tuition and fees 
have been growing at an unsustainable rate. Between the 2004-2005 Academic Year and the 2014-2015 Academic Year— 
(A) published tuition and fees at public 4- 
year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 3.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; 
(B) published tuition and fees at public 
two-year colleges and universities increased at an average rate of 2.5 percent per year above the rate of inflation; and 
(C) published tuition and fees at private 
nonprofit 4-year colleges and universities in-creased at an average rate of 2.2 percent per year above the rate of inflation. 
(4) Federal financial aid for higher edu-
cation has also seen a dramatic increase. The portion of the Federal student aid portfolio composed of Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loans, and Perkins Loans with outstanding balances grew by 119 percent be-tween fiscal year 2007 and fiscal year 2014. 
(5) This spending has failed to make col-
lege more affordable. 
(6) In his 2012 State of the Union Address, 
President Obama noted: ‘‘We can’t just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we’ll run out of money’’. 
(7) American students are chasing ever-in-
creasing tuition with ever-increasing debt. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, student debt now stands at nearly $1.2 trillion. This makes student loans the second largest balance of consumer debt, after mortgage debt. 
(8) Students are carrying large debt loads 
and too many fail to complete college or end up defaulting on these loans due to their debt burden and a weak economy and job market. 
(9) Based on estimates from the Congres-
sional Budget Office, the Pell Grant Program will face a fiscal shortfall beginning in fiscal year 2017 and continuing in each subsequent year in the current budget window. 
(10) Failing to address these problems will 
jeopardize access and affordability to higher education for America’s young people. 
(b) P
OLICY ON HIGHER EDUCATION AFFORD -
ABILITY .—It is the policy of this resolution to 
address the root drivers of tuition inflation, by— 
(1) targeting Federal financial aid to those 
most in need; 
(2) streamlining programs that provide aid 
to make them more effective; 
(3) maintaining the maximum Pell grant 
award level at $5,775 in each year of the budget window; and (4) removing regulatory barriers in higher 
education that act to restrict flexibility and innovative teaching, particularly as it re-lates to non-traditional models such as on-line coursework and competency-based learning. 
(c) F
INDINGS ON WORKFORCE DEVELOP -
MENT .—The House finds the following: 
(1) 8.7 million Americans are currently un-
employed. 
(2) Despite billions of dollars in spending, 
those looking for work are stymied by a bro-ken workforce development system that fails to connect workers with assistance and em-ployers with trained personnel. 
(3) The House Education and Workforce 
Committee successfully consolidated 15 job training programs in the recently enacted Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
(d) P
OLICY ON WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .— 
It is the policy of this resolution to address the failings in the current workforce devel-opment system, by— 
(1) further streamlining and consolidating 
Federal job training programs; and 
(2) empowering states with the flexibility 
to tailor funding and programs to the spe-cific needs of their workforce, including the development of career scholarships. 
SEC. 812. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEPARTMENT 
OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) For years, there has been serious con-
cern regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) bureaucratic mismanagement and continuous failure to provide veterans timely access to health care and benefits. 
(2) In 2014, reports started breaking across 
the Nation that VA medical centers were manipulating wait-list documents to hide long delays veterans were facing to receive health care. The VA hospital scandal led to the immediate resignation of then-Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki. 
(3) In 2015, for the first time ever, VA 
health care was added to the ‘‘high-risk’’ list of the Government Accountability Office (GAO), due to management and oversight failures that have directly resulted in risks to the timeliness, cost-effectiveness, and quality of health care. 
(4) In response to the scandal, the House 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs held several oversight hearings and ultimately enacted the Veterans’ Access, Choice and Account-ability Act of 2014 (VACAA) (Public Law 113– 146) to address these problems. VACAA pro-vided $15 billion in emergency resources to fund internal health care needs within the department and provided veterans enhanced access to private-sector health care under the new Veterans Choice Program. 
(b) P
OLICY ON THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS .—This budget supports the 
continued oversight efforts by the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to ensure the VA is not only transparent and account-able, but also successful in achieving its goals in providing timely health care and benefits to America’s veterans. The Budget Committee will continue to closely monitor the VA’s progress to ensure resources pro-vided by Congress are sufficient and effi-ciently used to provide needed benefits and services to veterans. 
SEC. 813. POLICY STATEMENT ON FEDERAL AC-
COUNTING METHODOLOGIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Given the thousands of Federal pro-
grams and trillions of dollars the Federal Government spends each year, assessing and accounting for Federal fiscal activities and liabilities is a complex undertaking. 
(2) Current methods of accounting leave 
much to be desired in capturing the full 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2011 March 25, 2015 
scope of government and in presenting infor-
mation in a clear and compelling way that illuminates the best options going forward. 
(3) Most fiscal analysis produced by the 
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) is con-ducted over a relatively short time horizon: 10 or 25 years. While this time frame is useful for most purposes, it fails to consider the fis-cal consequences over the longer term. 
(4) Additionally, current accounting meth-
odology does not provide an analysis of how the Federal Government’s fiscal situation over the long run affects Americans of var-ious age cohorts. 
(5) Another consideration is how Federal 
programs should be accounted for. The ‘‘ac-crual method’’ of accounting records revenue when it is earned and expenses when they are incurred, while the ‘‘cash method’’ records revenue and expenses when cash is actually paid or received. 
(6) The Federal budget accounts for most 
programs using cash accounting. Some pro-grams, however, particularly loan and loan guarantee programs, are accounted for using accrual methods. 
(7) GAO has indicated that accrual ac-
counting may provide a more accurate esti-mation of the Federal Government’s liabil-ities than cash accounting for some pro-grams specifically those that provide some form of insurance. 
(8) Where accrual accounting is used, it is 
almost exclusively calculated by CBO ac-cording to the methodology outlined in the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (FCRA). CBO uses fair value methodology instead of FCRA to measure the cost of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, for example. 
(9) FCRA methodology, however, under-
states the risk and thus the true cost of Fed-eral programs. An alternative is fair value methodology, which uses discount rates that incorporate the risk inherent to the type of liability being estimated in addition to Treasury discount rates of the proper matu-rity length. 
(10) The Congressional Budget Office has 
concluded that ‘‘adopting a fair-value ap-proach would provide a more comprehensive way to measure the costs of Federal credit programs and would permit more level com-parisons between those costs and the costs of other forms of federal assistance’’ than the current approach under FCRA. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FEDERAL ACCOUNTING METH-
ODOLOGIES .—It is the policy of this resolu-
tion that Congress should, in consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the public affected by Federal budgetary choices, adopt Governmentwide reforms of budget and accounting practices so the American people and their representatives can more readily understand the fiscal situation of the Government of the United States and the op-tions best suited to improving it. Such re-forms may include but should not be limited to the following: 
(1) Providing additional metrics to en-
hance our current analysis by considering our fiscal situation comprehensively, over an extended time horizon, and as it affects Americans of various age cohorts. 
(2) Expanding the use of accrual account-
ing where appropriate. 
(3) Accounting for certain Federal credit 
programs using fair value accounting as op-posed to the current approach under the Fed-eral Credit Reform Act of 1990. 
SEC. 814. POLICY STATEMENT ON 
SCOREKEEPING FOR OUTYEAR BUDGETARY EFFECTS IN APPRO-PRIATION ACTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Section 302 of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974 directs the Committee on the Budget to provide an allocation of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropria-
tions for the budget year covered by a con-current resolution on the budget. 
(2) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided by the Committee on the Budget to the Committee on Appropriations covers a period of one fiscal year only, which is effec-tive for the budget year. 
(3) An appropriation Act, joint resolution, 
amendment thereto or conference report thereon may contain changes to programs that result in direct budgetary effects that occur beyond the budget year and beyond the period for which the allocation of budgetary resources provided by the Committee on the Budget is effective. 
(4) The allocation of budgetary resources 
provided to the Committee on Appropria-tions does not currently anticipate or cap-ture direct outyear budgetary effects to pro-grams. 
(5) Budget enforcement could be improved 
by capturing the direct outyear budgetary effects caused by appropriation Acts and using this information to determine the ap-propriate allocations of budgetary resources to the Committee on Appropriations when considering future concurrent resolutions on the budget. 
(b) P
OLICY STATEMENT .—It is the policy of 
the House of Representatives to more effec-tively allocate budgetary resources and ac-curately enforce budget targets by agreeing to a procedure by which the Committee on the Budget should consider the direct out-year budgetary effects of changes to manda-tory programs enacted in appropriations bills, joint resolutions, amendments thereto or conference reports thereon when setting the allocation of budgetary resources for the Committee on Appropriations in a concur-rent resolution on the budget. The relevant committees of jurisdiction are directed to consult on a procedure during fiscal year 2016 and include recommendations for imple-menting such procedure in the fiscal year 2017 concurrent resolution on the budget. 
SEC. 815. POLICY STATEMENT ON REDUCING UN-
NECESSARY, WASTEFUL, AND UNAU-THORIZED SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Government Accountability Office 
(GAO) is required by law to identify exam-ples of waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs, and has so identified doz-ens of such examples. 
(2) In its report to Congress on Govern-
ment Efficiency and Effectiveness, the Comptroller General has stated that address-ing the identified waste, duplication, and overlap in Federal programs could ‘‘lead to tens of billions of dollars of additional sav-ings.’’ 
(3) In 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014 the GAO 
issued reports showing excessive duplication and redundancy in Federal programs includ-ing— 
(A) two hundred nine Science, Technology, 
Engineering, and Mathematics education programs in 13 different Federal agencies at a cost of $3 billion annually; 
(B) two hundred separate Department of 
Justice crime prevention and victim services grant programs with an annual cost of $3.9 billion in 2010; 
(C) twenty different Federal entities ad-
minister 160 housing programs and other forms of Federal assistance for housing with a total cost of $170 billion in 2010; 
(D) seventeen separate Homeland Security 
preparedness grant programs that spent $37 billion between fiscal year 2011 and 2012; 
(E) fourteen grant and loan programs, and 
three tax benefits to reduce diesel emissions; 
(F) ninety-four different initiatives run by 
11 different agencies to encourage ‘‘green building’’ in the private sector; and (G) twenty-three agencies implemented ap-
proximately 670 renewable energy initiatives in fiscal year 2010 at a cost of nearly $15 bil-lion. 
(4) The Federal Government spends more 
than $80 billion each year for approximately 1,400 information technology investments. GAO has identified broad acquisition fail-ures, waste, and unnecessary duplication in the Government’s information technology infrastructure. experts have estimated that eliminating these problems could save 25 percent or $20 billion. 
(5) GAO has identified strategic sourcing as 
a potential source of spending reductions. In 2011 GAO estimated that saving 10 percent of the total or all Federal procurement could generate more than $50 billion in savings an-nually. 
(6) Federal agencies reported an estimated 
$106 billion in improper payments in fiscal year 2013. 
(7) Under clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of 
the House of Representatives, each standing committee must hold at least one hearing during each 120 day period following its es-tablishment on waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management in Government programs. 
(8) According to the Congressional Budget 
Office, by fiscal year 2015, 32 laws will expire, possibly resulting in $693 billion in unauthor-ized appropriations. Timely reauthorizations of these laws would ensure assessments of 
program justification and effectiveness. 
(9) The findings resulting from congres-
sional oversight of Federal Government pro-grams should result in programmatic changes in both authorizing statutes and program funding levels. 
(b) P
OLICY ON REDUCING UNNECESSARY , 
WASTEFUL , ANDUNAUTHORIZED SPENDING .— 
(1) Each authorizing committee annually 
should include in its Views and Estimates letter required under section 301(d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget of programs within the jurisdiction of such committee whose funding should be reduced or eliminated. 
(2) Committees of jurisdiction should re-
view all unauthorized programs funded through annual appropriations to determine if the programs are operating efficiently and effectively. 
(3) Committees should reauthorize those 
programs that in the committees’ judgment should continue to receive funding. 
(4) For those programs not reauthorized by 
committees, the House of Representatives should enforce the limitations on funding such unauthorized programs in the House rules. If the strictures of the rules are deemed to be too rapid in prohibiting spend-ing on unauthorized programs, then milder measures should be adopted and enforced until a return to the full prohibition of clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI of the Rules of the House. 
SEC. 816. POLICY STATEMENT ON DEFICIT RE-
DUCTION THROUGH THE CANCELLA-TION OF UNOBLIGATED BALANCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) According to the most recent estimate 
from the Office of Management and Budget, Federal agencies were expected to hold $844 billion in unobligated balances at the close of fiscal year 2015. 
(2) These funds represent direct and discre-
tionary spending previously made available by Congress that remains available for ex-penditure. 
(3) In some cases, agencies are granted 
funding and it remains available for obliga-tion indefinitely. 
(4) The Congressional Budget and Impound-
ment Control Act of 1974 requires the Office of Management and Budget to make funds 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2012 March 25, 2015 
available to agencies for obligation and pro-
hibits the Administration from withholding or cancelling unobligated funds unless ap-proved by an Act of Congress. 
(5) Greater congressional oversight is re-
quired to review and identify potential sav-ings from canceling unobligated balances of funds that are no longer needed. 
(b) P
OLICY ON DEFICIT REDUCTION THROUGH  
THE CANCELLATION OF UNOBLIGATED BAL-
ANCES .—Congressional committees should 
through their oversight activities identify and achieve savings through the cancellation or rescission of unobligated balances that neither abrogate contractual obligations of 
the Government nor reduce or disrupt Fed-eral commitments under programs such as Social Security, veterans’ affairs, national security, and Treasury authority to finance the national debt. 
(c) D
EFICIT REDUCTION .—Congress, with the 
assistance of the Government Accountability Office, the Inspectors General, and other ap-propriate agencies should continue to make it a high priority to review unobligated bal-ances and identify savings for deficit reduc-tion. 
SEC. 817. POLICY STATEMENT ON AGENCY FEES 
AND SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A number of Federal agencies and orga-
nizations have permanent authority to col-lect fees and other offsetting collections and to spend these collected funds. 
(2) The total amount of offsetting fees and 
offsetting collections is estimated by the Of-fice of Management and Budget to be $525 billion in fiscal year 2016. 
(3) Agency budget justifications are, in 
some cases, not fully transparent about the amount of program activity funded through offsetting collections or fees. This lack of transparency prevents effective and account-able government. 
(b) P
OLICY ON AGENCY FEES AND SPEND -
ING.—It is the policy of this resolution that 
Congress must reassert its constitutional prerogative to control spending and conduct oversight. To do so, Congress should enact legislation requiring programs that are fund-ed through fees, offsetting receipts, or offset-ting collections to be allocated new budget authority annually. Such allocation may arise from— 
(1) legislation originating from the author-
izing committee of jurisdiction for the agen-cy or program; or 
(2) fee and account specific allocations in-
cluded in annual appropriation Acts. 
SEC. 818. POLICY STATEMENT ON RESPONSIBLE 
STEWARDSHIP OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS. 
(a) F INDINGS .— The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The budget for the House of Representa-
tives is $188 million less than it was when Republicans became the majority in 2011. 
(2) The House of Representatives has 
achieved significant savings by consolidating operations and renegotiating contracts. 
(b) P
OLICY ON RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP  
OFTAXPAYER DOLLARS .—It is the policy of 
this resolution that: 
(1) The House of Representatives must be a 
model for the responsible stewardship of tax-payer resources and therefore must identify any savings that can be achieved through greater productivity and efficiency gains in the operation and maintenance of House services and resources like printing, con-ferences, utilities, telecommunications, fur-niture, grounds maintenance, postage, and rent. This should include a review of policies and procedures for acquisition of goods and services to eliminate any unnecessary spend-ing. The Committee on House Administra-tion should review the policies pertaining to the services provided to Members and com-
mittees of the House, and should identify ways to reduce any subsidies paid for the op-eration of the House gym, barber shop, salon, and the House dining room. 
(2) No taxpayer funds may be used to pur-
chase first class airfare or to lease corporate jets for Members of Congress. 
(3) Retirement benefits for Members of 
Congress should not include free, taxpayer- funded health care for life. 
SEC. 819. POLICY STATEMENT ON ‘‘NO BUDGET, 
NO PAY’’. 
It is the policy of this resolution that Con-
gress should agree to a concurrent resolution on the budget every year pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. If by April 15, a House of Congress has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget, the payroll administrator of that House should carry out this policy in the same manner as the provisions of Public Law 113–3, the No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013, and should place in an escrow account all com-pensation otherwise required to be made for Members of that House of Congress. With-held compensation should be released to Members of that House of Congress the ear-lier of the day on which that House of Con-gress agrees to a concurrent resolution on the budget, pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, or the last day of that Congress. 
SEC. 820. POLICY STATEMENT ON NATIONAL SE-
CURITY FUNDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The House finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Russian aggression, the growing threats 
of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Middle East, North Korean and Ira-nian nuclear and missile programs, and con-tinued Chinese investments in high-end mili-tary capabilities and cyber warfare shape the parameters of an increasingly complex and challenging security environment. 
(2) All four current service chiefs testified 
that the National Military Strategy could not be executed at sequestration levels. 
(3) The independent and bipartisan Na-
tional Defense Panel conducted risk assess-ments of force structure changes triggered by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) and concluded that in addition to previous cuts to defense dating back to 2009, the sequestra-tion of defense discretionary spending has ‘‘caused significant shortfalls in U.S. mili-tary readiness and both present and future capabilities’’. 
(4) The President’s fiscal year 2016 budget 
irresponsibly ignores current law and re-quests a defense budget $38 billion above the caps for rhetorical gain. By creating an ex-pectation of spending without a plan to avoid the BCA’s guaranteed sequester upon breaching of its caps, the White House’s pro-posal compounds the fiscal uncertainty that has affected the military’s ability to ade-quately plan for future contingencies and make investments crucial for the Nation’s defense. 
(5) The President’s budget proposes $1.8 
trillion in tax increases, in addition to the $1.7 trillion in tax hikes the Administration has already imposed. The President’s tax in-creases would further burden economic growth and is not a realistic source for off-sets to fund defense sequester replacement. 
(b) P
OLICY ON FISCAL YEAR2016 N ATIONAL  
DEFENSE FUNDING .—In fiscal year 2015, the 
House-passed budget resolution anticipated $566 billion for national defense in the discre-tionary base budget for fiscal year 2016. With no necessary statutory change yet provided by Congress, the BCA statute would require limiting national defense discretionary base funding to $523 billion in fiscal year 2016. However, in total with $90 billion, the House Budget estimate for Overseas Contingency 
Operations funding for the Department of Defense, the fiscal year 2016 budget provides over $613 billion total for defense spending that is higher than the President’s budget request for the fiscal year. This concurrent resolution provides $22 billion above the President’s Five Year Defense Plan and $151 billion above the 10-year totals. This would also be $387 billion above the 10-year total for current levels. 
(c) D
EFENSE READINESS AND MODERNIZATION  
FUND.—(1) The budget resolution recognizes 
the need to ensure robust funding for na-tional defense while maintaining overall fis-cal discipline. The budget resolution prioritizes our national defense and the needs of the warfighter by providing needed dollars through the creation of the ‘‘Defense Readiness and Modernization Fund’’. 
(2) The Defense Readiness and Moderniza-
tion Fund provides the mechanism for Con-gress to responsibly allocate in a deficit-neu-tral way the resources the military needs to secure the safety and liberty of United States citizens from threats at home and abroad. The Defense Readiness and Mod-ernization Fund will provide the chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House the ability to increase allocations to support legislation that would provide for the De-partment of Defense warfighting capabili-ties, modernization, a temporary increase in end strength, training and maintenance as-sociated with combat readiness, activities to reach full auditability of the Department of Defense’s financial statements, and imple-mentation of military and compensation re-forms. 
(d) S
EQUESTER REPLACEMENT FOR NATIONAL  
DEFENSE .—This concurrent resolution en-
courages an immediate reevaluation of Fed-eral Government priorities to maintain the strength of America’s national security pos-ture. In identifying policies to restructure and stabilize the Government’s major enti-tlement programs which, along with net in-terest, will consume all Federal revenue in less than 20 years. The budget also charts a course that can ensure the availability of needed national security resources. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 163, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 15 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment la-
beled Price 2 is an important amend-ment, important substitute. It is im-portant for our colleagues, it is impor-tant for the Members of this Chamber, and it is important for the American people to know the differences between this amendment and the substitute amendment that we just talked about. 
There are two changes in this amend-
ment, two changes in this substitute. This is an important debate. The first change is that, in this substitute, we increase global war on terror spending from $94 billion in fiscal year 2016 to $96 billion in 2016, an increase of $2 bil-lion in the global war on terror. The second change from the underlying res-olution is that we remove the require-ment for an offset of any of the funding in the global war on terror. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an absolutely 
vital substitute amendment so that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.023 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2013 March 25, 2015 
House can work its will, so that the 
Members of the conference are able to stipulate and say what they believe is to be most appropriate. Regardless, the level of spending for defense is north of the President’s. The level of spending for defense when you look at base spending and global war on terror spending is where it needs to be to as-sist our men and women in accom-plishing the mission. 
So, significant changes, yes, but 
changes in a positive direction to be able to make certain that this House is able to adopt a budget, work with the Senate to come forward with a unified budget. So I am pleased to offer what has become known as Price 2. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized for 15 minutes. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, it is bad enough that 
the Republican budget uses games and gimmicks that would make Enron ac-countants blush with respect to their basic budget. It is not just me who says that. People, independent observers from all over the country have said that. USA Today is not a partisan newspaper. Here is what they said about the Republican budget quackery: But ‘‘pretend’’ is the operative word because the Republicans supposed path to balance is fanciful at best. That is USA Today. 
Now, why do they say that? They say 
that because Republicans claim in the ninth and tenth years of their budget that they have this balance, but their budget depends on revenue from the Af-fordable Care Act. That is the ObamaCare that they say they are re-pealing. It depends on savings from the Affordable Care Act. It assumes that the costs of the tax cuts that this body is enacting by the day—for corpora-tions and very wealthy individuals, mostly—aren’t happening; right? That is a whole different universe. In fact, as we heard today, they just passed, worked on a bill in the Committee on Ways and Means, they are marking it up, $280 billion more to the deficit for the benefit of 5,500 American families, 75 percent of whom have $20 million- plus estates. 
So their budget accounting is all 
wrong. In my view, their priorities and values are all wrong, too. But that same phony accounting that they are using for their big budget, now they are doing it to the defense budget as well. They are pretending that we need more in the overseas contingency ac-count than the military leadership says it needs. In fact, they have been here testifying, saying that that is the wrong way to go. And yes, last year, as I read earlier, Republicans said the same thing in the Committee on the Budget report. They said that doing what Republicans are doing in this amendment is a backdoor loophole that 
undermines the integrity of the budget process. I didn’t write that. Former chairman of the Committee on the Budget P
AUL RYAN wrote that. So we 
have got budget quackery in the main part of the budget, and now we have got games with defense spending. That is just the beginning of the story be-cause, despite all that quackery and not balancing, what they do is hit hard at working families in America. 
We have had this debate now over the 
last 2 days. The good news with the economy is things are getting better; more people are getting back to work. We have got a long way to go, but trends are good; yet people are working harder than ever and feel like they are running in place, and some falling be-hind, and this Republican budget just makes it harder on them. In fact, it eliminates the college tax deduction, gets rid of the bump-up in the child tax credit, and gets rid of all the Afford-able Care tax credits that help people afford health care. In fact, the irony is they keep the parts of the Affordable Care Act that raise revenue and get rid of the parts of the Affordable Care Act that help people afford health insur-ance. What a deal. 
So it is an unfortunate day for the 
country, Mr. Chairman, and I think Members, when they look at this, will recognize that the Republican budget takes us in the wrong direction. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), 
the Republican majority whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleague from Georgia, the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, for his leadership and for the hard work of his entire committee. When we talk about this budget that is on the floor, I rise in strong support of this budget that restores fiscal sanity back to Washington. 
If you talk about one of the greatest 
threats facing our Nation right now, it is the fact that out-of-control spending and the lack of ability to set priorities and make those tough decisions to get our economy moving again have held our economy back, and it has also held back the opportunities for so many young people that deserve the same op-portunity to achieve the American Dream that we and every generation that has come before us have been able to achieve. 
b1715 
And so, Mr. Chairman, what is so im-
portant about this budget is not just the fact that we get back to balance within 10 years. Balancing the Federal budget—we can do it. We actually lay it out in this budget. But it is all of the underlying policies, the great reforms that have been so desperately needed by Washington for so long, actually confronting challenges facing our country in a way that puts us on a path to get the economy moving again. Let’s talk about Medicare. Medicare 
is on a path to bankruptcy, Mr. Chair-man. And what is so important with this budget is we actually lay out a plan to save Medicare from bankruptcy and strengthen it for future genera-tions. That is in this budget. 
We repeal the President’s health care 
law, ObamaCare, something that has cost millions of people the good health care they like. It caused doctors to leave the practice of medicine and killed jobs across this country. 
We lay out the process for tax re-
form. We lay out really good reforms that people have been asking Wash-ington to make. These are things that families have been doing for years, sit-ting around the kitchen table, making the tough decisions to ultimately live within their means and make sure that they can go forward and provide better opportunities for their children. That is what this budget does. 
And let’s contrast that, Mr. Chair-
man, to President Obama’s budget. President Obama lays out a budget that never, ever gets to balance. And not only that, he adds another $2.1 tril-lion in new taxes, taxes that will kill economic growth even more and that will take jobs out of this country and ship them overseas. 
The President always talks about 
raising taxes on people as if it is the only way to balance the budget. I would think the President’s budget, with those new taxes, would get to bal-ance in 2 or 3 years. Yet his budget never gets to balance. 
We don’t raise a dime in new taxes in 
our budget. We just empower American people again. We let families have con-trol over their health care decisions again. And with that empowerment, we get to balance in less than 10 years. 
This is the direction we need to head 
for our country, Mr. Chairman. This is the reason we all came here to Wash-ington, to tackle the big problems in a way that restores opportunities for all Americans. 
I urge all of my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We have heard that, despite all these 
claims, the Republican budget doesn’t balance. I just read from USA Today. They don’t have a stake in this battle. They said it is ‘‘fanciful at best.’’ 
And it is interesting that if that is 
the number one priority of our Repub-lican colleagues, why is it they don’t cut one single special interest tax break to help reduce the deficit? Not one. 
There are $1.4 trillion a year in what 
the Congressional Budget Office classi-fies as tax expenditures. These are tax breaks. That is $1.4 trillion a year. That is more than we spend on Social Security every year. It is more than we spend on Medicare and Medicaid com-bined every year. They don’t cut a sin-gle one of those. Maybe it is because 17 percent of those tax breaks go to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.061 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2014 March 25, 2015 
top 1 percent of income earners. And 
this is in a budget where their whole economic theory is based on the idea we are going to cut tax rates for the folks at the very top. 
The Ways and Means Committee just 
added over $280 billion to the deficit— or is in the process of doing it—to help 5,500 American families. So they don’t cut a single tax break. In fact, they are giving bigger ones to families with es-tates over $10 million, 75 percent of whom have estates over $20 million. But they cut education. They don’t fund the Veterans Administration at the level the President does this year. It is $1.9 billion less—$19 billion less than the President for the Veterans Administration over 10 years. 
And how about the folks that are 
working hard every day in our veterans hospitals, those nurses, Federal em-ployees? How about the Border Control Agents? How about the FBI? How about the folks in the intelligence commu-nity who helped track down Obama bin Laden? How about all of them? 
You know what the big thank you to 
them is? They cut Federal employee pay by 5 percent. They don’t want to do that in a straightforward manner ei-ther. Here is how they do it. They are going to require all those Federal em-ployees to put about 5 percent more into their pension without increasing the pension by a penny. That is what they do. 
Thank you. Thank you to the folks 
who are taking care of veterans in those hospitals. Thank you to folks in the foreign service who are putting their lives at risk. A lot of those people in the foreign service have given their lives overseas for this country. 
The big thank you from the Repub-
lican budget is not just no COLA. It is cut by 5
1⁄2percent, effectively, in a 
budget that doesn’t cut a single tax break, where 17 percent of those tax breaks go to the folks at the very top, where a lot of those tax breaks are in this Tax Code because someone had a powerful lobbyist who got them a spe-cial break that is not available for other Americans. 
This budget is wrong for America, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, the misin-
formation and outright errors are phe-nomenal. The fact of the matter is the gentleman knows that it is the Ways and Means Committee that handles tax reform. It is not the Budget Com-mittee. What we do is lay out a path to be able to allow the Ways and Means Committee to come up with a positive, pro-growth tax reform. That is the plan that is laid out in this budget. 
I would be so concerned about the 
gentleman’s comments about getting to balance—I don’t buy a thing that he is saying about our balance because we do get to balance within less than 10 years by reducing spending by $5.5 tril-lion. I would be concerned about his statements if I believed for one second 
that the other side thought that get-ting to balance was even important. The fact of the matter is that they don’t. In fact, their budget never, ever, ever gets to balance, nor does the President’s. So the crocodile tears that I see on the other side about us alleg-edly not getting to balance just is ab-solutely not credible. 
And what we request of Federal em-
ployees is that they be treated exactly like folks in the private sector. That is what the American people think is fair, appropriate treatment for all Ameri-cans, not favorite treatment, not pick-ing winners and losers, like the other side enjoys doing. 
I am so proud now to yield 5 minutes 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), who is the chairman of 
the House Armed Services Committee, a gentleman with whom I have worked closely over these last 10 or 11 weeks on this budget and for whom I have the utmost respect for his positive con-tributions to our Conference and to our Nation. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I want to thank 
the chairman of the Budget Committee not only for yielding, but for all of his work in putting this budget together. 
Mr. Chairman, I spent some time on 
the Budget Committee. Putting a budg-et together is never easy. And I believe that the committee has done excellent work in putting together a budget that, as the whip just described, helps increase economic opportunity for the whole country. 
I particularly appreciate the chair-
man as he has had to navigate through a variety of interests and a variety of concerns in putting that budget to-gether. 
I know firsthand that Chairman 
P
RICE and other members of the com-
mittee are very concerned about na-tional security. And so I want to take a moment to explain why I believe the amendment we are considering now, Price 2, is better than Price 1 when it comes to national security. I think Members deserve that explanation. 
The amount of funding that the 
President has asked for our military this year ends up being $612 billion when you add the base and the overseas contingency account or the global war on terrorism account, whichever you want to call it. When you add them to-gether, it is $612 billion. 
All of our military leaders have testi-
fied that that is the lower ragged edge of what it takes to defend the country, and my opinion is that it would be rather reckless of us to ignore those warnings and do less. Now, I am for more than the lower ragged edge, but that is a base minimum, at least, that our military leaders have said is re-quired. 
So if you look at Price 1, it has $613 
billion. But the problem I have is that $20-something billion of that is condi-tional upon, first, the House and the Senate and President Obama reaching agreement on how to fund the reserve fund before the military can spend that 
money. 
Now, we have a track record here, 
and I am not at all convinced that President Obama really wants to find those savings. And if that happens, then that reserve fund is never funded, and we don’t have the $20 billion. 
Price 2, on the other hand, fully 
funds that military up to that basic minimum level, and there is still a re-serve fund. 
So, if there can be an agreement that 
reduces the deficit, I am for it. I have no doubt I will vote for it. But it doesn’t make our equipping, training of our military dependent upon doing that first. And it just seems to me it would be hard to look a spouse or a parent in the eye and say: Oh, we can only train your son or daughter for the mission they are about to be sent on conditional upon this reserve fund being funded. 
Now, I think that there have been 
several misconceptions that are going around. Price 2, the budget before us, still balances in 10 years. Removing that condition does not change that in any way. 
Our committee, the Armed Services 
Committee, is going to authorize the overseas contingency account just like we authorize the base account. And that is different from what happened before. But we are going to do it pro-gram by program, just like we do the base. 
So, some notion that there is a giant 
slush fund out there so the Pentagon can do what they want is just not true. It is going to be authorized and appro-priated program by program just like the base budget is. 
I think Members ought to know that 
our committee, on a bipartisan basis, is absolutely committed to reforms to make sure that we all get value for the money we spend for everything in de-fense. The same is true on the other side of the Capitol as well. 
We hear that it would be better to 
put this money in the base—and that is right, it would be better—but the prob-lem is the law of sequestration can’t be fixed in a budget. We have got to live under the law as it is now. 
Now, I would like to change that law. 
I would like to remove the cap on de-fense spending because it turns out there is no cap on the dangers that we are facing around the world. But in the meantime, we have got to live under the law. 
The way to do that is to increase the 
OCO fund. And really, if we authorized and appropriated, it doesn’t really mat-ter what we call those funds. It still meets that minimum threshold that the President and the military leaders have said is necessary. 
Let me make one other point. I am 
concerned that the President is going to try to use defense spending as a hos-tage to force increased spending in other areas or higher taxes. And I think that we need to say right now that is absolutely wrong. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.062 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2015 March 25, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. It is important 
for the House and it is especially im-portant for the Commander in Chief to fully fund our military without condi-tions and not try to use it as leverage for other parts of his political agenda. 
I hope Members will vote for Price 2 
and for the final budget. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, as 
the gentleman just recognized, this is a huge departure from the way this House of Representatives has dealt with our military spending in the past. In fact, it is a departure that the Re-publican-controlled Budget Committee said violated the integrity of the proc-ess. 
The Budget Committee specifically 
said it would oppose increases above the levels the administration and our military commanders say are needed to carry out operations. That is what the Budget Committee said last year—Re-publicans. This year, forget it. Just have some amnesia. Let’s play games with our defense spending. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to go back to 
an issue that has come up a couple of times during this debate regarding eco-nomic growth. 
As I said, the Congressional Budget 
Office has indicated that the Repub-lican budget will actually slow down economic growth in the next couple of years. Just after we are regaining mo-mentum, they are going to slow it down. 
The Congressional Budget Office said 
something else that is interesting. It says, as you look ahead over the next 10 years, the biggest single factor with respect to growth rates that don’t keep up with the past averages are demo-graphic changes; the fact that baby boomers are going to be retiring, and they are not going to be in the work-force. You just have to look at the CBO report from this budget year. 
So, you would think that one way to 
deal with that would be to pass immi-gration reform. 
b1730 
In fact, the Congressional Budget Of-
fice says that that will help spur eco-nomic growth. It will also help add to the solvency of Social Security because you will have more workers today sup-porting the baby boomers who are re-tiring over the next couple of years. 
If you really want a progrowth budg-
et, you would support the Democratic approach that provides help to strug-gling families working every day, in-vest in our future by investing in our kids’ education, and pass comprehen-sive immigration reform. 
There was a bipartisan bill that 
passed the Senate last year. Over here in the House, what happened to it? It is not that there was a vote on it and it went down. We never even had a vote here in this body on comprehensive im-migration reform, one of the things 
that the budget pros and the econo-mists say could help spur our economy in the years ahead, something that is supported by the Chamber of Com-merce, as well as folks in the labor community. 
No, Republicans didn’t want to do 
that. They didn’t even allow a vote on that bill here in the House of Rep-resentatives. That would have been a progrowth effort, too. 
Mr. Chairman, instead of those 
progrowth efforts, efforts that will help shore up Social Security, all we get is the same old-same old, another budget that refuses to cut a single special in-terest tax break to help reduce the def-icit, provides more tax breaks for folks at the top, and is based on a failed the-ory of top-down/trickle-down econom-ics. We can do a lot better. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire as to what amount of time remains on each side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Georgia has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Maryland has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from the great State of California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), the majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding, especially to Chairman P
RICE, for his work. 
Budgets are never easy. Lots of 
times, some don’t even bring a budget to the floor, and I want to thank you for your work, and thank you to every-body else. 
Also, I know the work is hard on the 
other side of the aisle. I may not agree with your argument, and part of me feels sorry for you that nobody else in your conference is down here to even join you, but you are making the fight by yourself very strongly, and I thank the gentleman for that. This is a body to debate, and I thank you for filling the time. 
Today, the House will adopt a budg-
et. A budget is a vision for the future, and Republicans are making our vision very clear. In our vision, Washington lives within its means. In our vision, we don’t raise taxes on the American people. In our vision, we set the stage for a strong American future. 
Our vision looks to the road ahead, 
not to the rear view behind us. We face many challenges here at home and abroad, but we can tackle those chal-lenges and create a more prosperous America if we choose a better path. This budget is a better path. 
Today, we look forward to a simpler 
and fairer tax code. Today, we look for-ward to an end of ObamaCare. Today, we look forward to saving our children and grandchildren from reckless spend-ing by balancing the budget in less than 10 years. Today, we start growing America’s economy, not Washington’s. That is the big contrast between what the Republican and Democrats have to 
offer. 
You see, the Democrats continue to 
call for higher taxes, more spending, and more debt. In fact, the Democrats’ budget has all the same tax increases that President Obama’s budget has, but I want to give them credit—at least they actually submitted a budget this year. 
You see, it was only in 2010 when the 
Democrats became the very first ma-jority party since the Budget Act of 1974 had passed, when they didn’t even offer a budget here, when they were in the majority, let alone get one out of committee. I think the American pub-lic saw their vision and made a change in who was the majority after that. 
At least the President has actually 
submitted a budget every year, eventu-ally; he did that, but just like the Democrats’ budgets, none of the Presi-dent’s budgets even balanced. They didn’t balance in 10; they didn’t bal-ance in 100 years. 
His budgets, the President’s, Mr. 
Chairman, has been so bad that alto-gether, on this floor, he has only got-ten two votes in the House for his en-tire Presidency. I understand why my friend on the other side of the aisle has more difficulty with those coming down to join him. 
While Republicans are attacking the 
debt seriously, the President and the congressional Democrats are not. Their budgets, in my view, are propaganda, not a path to the future. To get a bet-ter future, Republicans understand that we have to make tough choices, choices today to create opportunities for us tomorrow. 
You see, I believe the best days are in 
front of us. We are an exceptional na-tion. We are too strong and too good to ever be kept down. Sometimes, we might have leadership in the White House that doesn’t want to make the tough choices, but Americans are re-markably resilient, and America will always be better than our faults. 
America is an idea, and as long as we 
have the wisdom to listen, but the courage to lead, that idea will never fail. I ask my Members to join with me, and I hope my talk today helped my friend on the other side get some oth-ers to join him. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chairman, to 
the Republican leader, let me just say I think there is a lot of confusion on the Republican side. This is the first time since I have been on the Budget Committee that we have had two offi-cial Republican budgets on the floor of the House. That is a little bit of confu-sion here. 
I am really pleased to be joined by 
super-reinforcements, a gentlewoman who understands that we power our economy by making sure we have an economy that works for all people, not just folks at the very top; that eco-nomic growth is based on an economy where hard work translates into higher incomes for everybody; and that we have a tax system that rewards work, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.063 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2016 March 25, 2015 
not one riddled with tax breaks where 
17 percent of those tax breaks goes to the top 1 percent. 
That is a tax code written by lobby-
ists. We want a tax code that is fair to the American people and the American worker. 
Mr. Chairman, I am very proud to 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the 
Democratic leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding, and I say with great pride how impressed all of us are by his statement of values that he has put forth in this House Demo-cratic budget; the breadth of knowl-edge, the depth of commitment, the vi-sion for a strong way to keep America number one. 
Thank you, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and 
thank you to members of the House Budget Committee. 
We say it all the time. A budget 
should be a statement of our values. What is important to us as a nation should be reflected in how we allocate our resources. 
Are we allocating them as invest-
ments in the future, the education of our children, the building of our infra-structure, to promote commerce, to protect the environment, to improve the quality of life of all Americans? Or is it a budget that subscribes to trick-le-down economics of the Republican Party, which have never been success-ful for America’s hard-working fami-lies? 
Instead, we have a budget that sub-
scribes to what President Obama spoke about in the State of the Union Ad-dress: middle class economics. That is a better set of values to build a strong and prosperous future for America that is reflected in the House Democratic budget, but, as I said, this budget should be a statement of our values. 
And I just ask you, Mr. Chairman—I 
am allowed to ask our colleagues—is that correct, Mr. Chairman?—to ad-dress a comment? 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
OLDING ). 
The gentlewoman’s remarks must be addressed to the Chair. 
Ms. PELOSI. Okay. So you are the 
one, Mr. Chair. 
For you and for all you represent, I 
ask you: Do you think it is a statement of values of the American people to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people in our country while increasing taxes on the middle class by around $2,000? 
We don’t begrudge the wealthy their 
success and their achievement; but why should people come forth and say we are going to balance our budget by giving tax increases to the middle class and tax decreases to the very wealthy? 
By the way, it doesn’t balance the 
budget. The Republican budgets are not balanced. 
Is it a statement of value to end the 
boost in child tax credit; end higher education tax credit; freeze Pell grants for 10 years, thereby curbing the oppor-tunity for people not only to reach their fulfillment, but for our country to be competitive and keep America 
number one? 
It is not just about personal aspira-
tions. That would be reason enough. This is also about keeping America number one because we know that in-novation begins in the classroom. If we want to have great innovation, we have to have access to education to many more people; then again, this budget— the Republican budget—does not invest in innovation in any way. 
Is it a statement of value to say to 
seniors we are now going to end your Medicare guarantee and focus on for you to pay more for preventive care and high prescription drug costs, in-stead of keeping what we have now— which is free preventive care for sen-iors—and reducing their prescription drug care? 
Infrastructure—the Republican budg-
et abandons the Nation’s crumbling in-frastructure by cutting $187 billion, or more than 19 percent, from transpor-tation funding over the coming dec-ades. How could that be a statement of values when we are not building the in-frastructure of our country? 
By the way, infrastructure and trans-
portation have, in years past, not been partisan issues. This is the place where you come together because it made all the sense in the world to build the in-frastructure of America, to know that no maintenance is the most expensive maintenance. 
Their bill, it is just stunning to see 
that, once again, the Republican budg-et repeals the Affordable Care Act. Now, mind you, the Affordable Care Act has nearly $1 trillion in savings. They take the savings and spend it on other things like tax cuts for the rich, but they repeal the bill. It just doesn’t make any sense at all. I just don’t un-derstand how you can’t see that that doesn’t add up. 
This budget savages the investments 
needed to keep America number one in the global economy with even deeper cuts than the already devastating se-quester. 
I know that, if you are sitting at 
home and watching this on TV, you are thinking: What does this mean to me? 
Well, what this means to you is that 
this is a budget that—our House Demo-cratic budget works for hard-working Americans, making it easier to own a home, easier to send a child to college, easier to have a secure and enjoyable retirement. Even if your child does not want to go to college, you can enable your child to reach his or her aspira-tions because of your own financial se-curity. 
For us to achieve a bright and dura-
ble future for our country, we must embrace the fact that financial secu-rity of our working families is both the measure and the engine of our Nation’s success. 
Democrats are proud to offer a budg-
et that grows opportunity, prosperity, and dignity for every American, not just the wealthy and the well con-nected. It is time for Republicans to abandon 
their fuzzy math and their broken pri-orities and come together with Demo-crats to pass a budget dedicated to the future of hard-working American fami-lies. 
b1745 
I think that is what we all came here 
to do, Democrats and Republicans, but you would never know it to see not one but two of the Republican budgets they have put forth today. 
That is why I am so proud of the 
work of the House Budget members on the Democratic side. That is why I commend the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) for his superior 
work on this subject and for having a budget that reflects the values of the American people for a brighter future. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. Chair, as Leader P
ELOSI just said, 
this really comes down to what vision you have for what has helped power our economy. 
The Republican theory of the case is 
that our economy is powered by pro-viding tax rate cuts to people at the very high end of the income scale and somehow the benefits of that will trickle down and lift everybody up. The problem with that theory is it already crashed in the real world. Right in the early 2000s, that is what President Bush did. Incomes for folks at the top went up even more, but everybody else was running aground, running in place, or falling behind. 
That is why we presented a budget 
based on an economy that accelerates because more Americans are able to make bigger paychecks through harder work, and that is why we proposed to change the Tax Code from one that is currently skewed and tilted in favor of unearned income and simply making money off of money and against people who make money off of hard work. 
Why is the Tax Code skewed that 
way today? Probably because a lot of people who could afford to pay a lot of wealthy lobbyists made it that way. 
Yet the Republican budget doesn’t 
close a single tax break for the pur-poses of reducing the deficit—not cor-porate jets, not the tax provisions that perversely encourage American compa-nies to move jobs and capital overseas. We proposed to close those tax loop-holes and bring those jobs and that capital back here to the United States to help power our economy, not the economies of our global economic com-petitors. 
So I hope that this Congress will re-
ject a view of the economy that is based on the idea that everyone can only do well when the folks at the top get a tax cut as opposed to an economy where we are all in it together. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.065 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2017 March 25, 2015 
Mr. Chair, my friend on the other 
side talks about the two budgets that we have before us, and I would remind him, as the majority leader did, about the debacle of 2010 when no budget came. So we would say that two budg-ets are better than none. 
I continue to be saddened, though, by 
the politics of division of our friends on the other side, dividing Americans, pit-ting Americans one against the other. In order for their vision to be true, one would have to believe that the govern-ment doesn’t take enough of the Amer-ican people’s money and that the gov-ernment isn’t big enough. Those are the things you have to believe to be-lieve that their vision is correct. 
Let me set the record straight on a 
couple of items that have just been brought up: 
One, our budget allows for over $300 
billion in spending on innovation and research over the next 10 years. Our budget provides for a Medicare pro-gram that is guaranteed for all seniors, and with greater choices for those sen-iors. Our budget provides for a path in terms of infrastructure to actually find real money for transportation, not just painting a rosy picture for folks. And our budget believes that health care ought to be controlled by patients and families and doctors, not by Wash-ington, D.C. 
What we do is responsibly lay out a 
plan for a healthy economy, an oppor-tunity economy, one that opens doors for people, doesn’t subject them to the dictates of Washington, D.C. You see, we believe in America, and we believe in Americans—all Americans. 
We understand our problems are sig-
nificant. There is no doubt about it, Mr. Chairman. We hear the people of this Nation crying out, crying out for leadership here in Washington. 
This Balanced Budget for a Stronger 
America will result in a government that is more efficient and more effec-tive and more accountable, one that frees up the American spirit, that of optimism and enthusiasm to do great things and to meet great challenges. 
I ask my colleagues for their strong 
support for this Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment and a ‘‘yes’’ vote on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Chair, I come to the floor to speak in ar-dent opposition to the Republican Budget. This budget fails to deliver for the majority of hard-working Americans, many of whom are scraping by, living paycheck to paycheck. The House Republican budget would bring us back to the same top-down economics that have failed time and time again—tax cuts for mil-lionaires and billionaires, while slashing invest-ments in the middle class. 
The GOP budget significantly undermines 
the economic and health security of the peo-ple of Texas. In the state of Texas alone the proposed budget would place an unnecessary economic burden on seniors by increasing the cost of prescriptions in the future and elimi-nating guaranteed access to Medicare. Al-though statistics show that the Affordable Care 
Act is working through the 16 million Ameri-cans that have gained coverage, the GOP budget would eliminate coverage for more than 1.2 million Texans receiving coverage through the marketplace. 
The House Republican budget ransacks our 
nation’s commitment to education—the foun-dation for economic opportunity and a suc-cessful future—with severe cuts in elementary and secondary education and early learning programs, including measures which make college less affordable for millions of students who rely on Pell Grants, federal student loans, and higher education tax credits. 
In addition to students, the proposed Re-
publican budget threatens workers, women and children. Under the Republican budget, middle class families will see higher taxes and millions will see fewer jobs. The last thing that hard-working Texas families can afford right now is higher taxes, fewer jobs and less growth. This budget would cut our investments in our nation’s R&D and innovation enter-prise—the investments that have allowed us to be a world leader in these fields. If we short-change those accounts in an attempt to cut a few more dollars from the deficit over the short-term, the reality is that we will wind up shortchanging our future economy and quality of life for decades to come. 
We need a better plan and a better set of 
values to build a strong and prosperous Amer-ica. I support a budget that would aid the American people by advancing our healthcare system, securing a pathway to proper funding for medical advancements and ensuring af-fordable healthcare for all. I support a budget that values the future of America’s role in STEM advancements through technological in-novation and scientific research. I support a budget that would lower taxes for working families and students; and a budget that would make sound investments in programs like Head Start. I support a budget that would rein-vigorate our infrastructure through highway and mass transit planning and investment. As it stands, the Republican budget does not bring all of these options to the table. 
Though we may not always agree, as law-
makers, we must set aside our own political agendas by joining together to pass legislation that benefits all Americans. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in strong opposition to the Republican Budget, and instead to sup-port the President’s FY16 and to commit to more robust investments in our future eco-nomic prosperity. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, our national debt 
continues to pose a serious threat to our fu-ture economic growth and national security. If we fail to act, these threats will grow and the risk to our country will be far greater. 
Like so many American households know all 
too well, balancing a budget is never easy. The budget process requires us to make a number of hard choices between priorities we all support. However, there is no doubt that if we fail to make these difficult decisions today, we will face even more ominous options in the years ahead. 
If we followed President Obama’s budget 
plan that’s exactly where it would take us— more spending, more debt, and more kicking the can down the road. That’s not leadership. 
Thankfully, House Republicans have chosen 
to once again pursue a responsible path that leads to a truly balanced budget. I want to ap-plaud Budget Committee Chairman T
OMPRICE 
and the rest of our colleagues on the com-mittee for drafting a budget that cuts more than $5 trillion in spending and balances the budget in less than 10 years without raising taxes. 
The House budget will enhance our eco-
nomic future by calling for a fairer, simpler tax code and repealing the job-killing provisions in ObamaCare, including its taxes, regulations and mandates. The plan promotes freedom of choice, affordability, and patient-centered heath care solutions. 
In order to protect our national security, the 
House budget will ensure necessary funding is provided for troop training, equipment and compensation. Defense spending under the plan will be greater than the level proposed in the President’s budget and will ensure readi-ness. The budget also includes provisions that will improve the efficiency in the Defense De-partment, including the civilian workforce. Spe-cifically, the budget contains language that echoes the REDUCE Act, legislation that I have introduced that would require any reduc-tions in military end strength be accompanied by appropriate reductions in the civilian work-force in order to maintain a ratio that more closely resembles the historical average. 
There’s no question that the House budget 
requires a number of sacrifices, but American families make and live with similar sacrifices every day and they expect our government to do the same. President Obama may not un-derstand that, but I do and I encourage all of my colleagues to support the House Repub-lican budget and its path towards a brighter economic future and a more secure America. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–49 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 5 by Mr. T
OMPRICE 
of Georgia. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. T OMPRICE 
of Georgia. 
The Chair will reduce to 5 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 IN THE NATURE OF A SUB -
STITUTE OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OM 
PRICE) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.066 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2018 March 25, 2015 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 105, noes 319, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 140] 
AYES—105 
Allen 
Amash Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buchanan Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Fincher Fleischmann Foxx Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman 
Hardy Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lance Latta Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant McClintock Meadows Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Schock Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Trott Walden Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—319 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr 
Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally 
Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cuellar DeFazio Hinojosa O’Rourke 
Payne Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1816 
Messrs. WALZ, JEFFRIES, 
FITZPATRICK, Ms. WILSON of Flor-ida, and Mr. MULLIN changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. WALDEN, ROSKAM, BISHOP 
of Michigan, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, TROTT, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 IN THE NATURE OF A SUB -
STITUTE OFFERED BY MR . TOM PRICE OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OM 
PRICE) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 5- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 219, noes 208, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 141] 
AYES—219 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—208 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.067 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2019 March 25, 2015 
Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gosar Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa 
O’Rourke Payne 
Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1825 
Mr. ROYCE changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment in the nature of a 
substitute was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Pursuant to the rule, it is 
now in order to consider a final period of general debate, which shall not ex-ceed 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget. 
The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
T
OMPRICE) and the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) each will 
control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank all of my colleagues for their work on this. Budgets aren’t easy things, clearly. We have navigated some interesting times over the past couple of weeks. But I want to thank my colleagues for their wonderful and remarkable support. 
I especially want to thank the staff 
on the Budget Committee, both the majority and the minority staff. They worked tirelessly to get these work products forward. So I just want to say before all the Members of the House of Representatives how proud I am of the staff work that has been done. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Chair, I 
want to start by joining the chairman of the committee in thanking all Mem-bers for a vigorous debate, and espe-cially to thank the staff of the Budget Committee. 
As for the Republican budget itself, 
nothing has changed since we began the debate yesterday to make it any better. It is the wrong direction for America. 
Madam Chair, when we gather here 
today, there is good news and bad news and some very bad news. 
The good news is the economy has 
been picking up. More Americans are going back to work. Not everything is rosy. We have a long way to go, but the trends are in the right direction. 
b1830 
The bad news is that Americans are 
working harder than ever, but a lot of them feel like they are running in place, and many are falling behind. 
This is not a new problem. It is a 
chronic problem. We have seen worker productivity in this country go up and up and up over the last several decades, but that additional hard work and pro-ductivity has not translated into high-er wages for most working Americans. They have seen flat paychecks. 
If it is not going into higher wages 
for most workers, where is it going? It has gone disproportionately to the folks at the very, very top. They have been doing just great, but everybody else has been falling behind. 
Now, we had some good news after 
the election. The Speaker of this House and the Republican leader said they understood this issue. In fact, they both wrote that they were looking for-ward to helping struggling middle class Americans and were looking forward to dealing with wage stagnation. 
The very bad news for the country, 
Madam Chair, is, when you look at this Republican budget, it turns out they were just kidding because this Repub-lican budget is very hard on hard-work-ing Americans and on those looking to find a job. It says one message: work even harder; take home even less. 
It does absolutely nothing to in-
crease the take home pay of workers or to increase their wages. It will increase the tax burden on millions of working families. Amazingly, it eliminates the college tax deduction. It increases the costs for working Americans by getting 
rid of the bump up in the child tax credit. It gets rid of the rate bump up in the ‘‘make work pay’’ earned income tax credit. 
For students, it makes college much 
more expensive. This Republican budg-et actually increases the costs of going to college. It increases the costs of stu-dent loans even as we hit over $1 tril-lion in student debt. It eliminates $90 billion worth of Pell grants. 
For seniors, they will immediately 
see higher prescription drug costs by reopening the doughnut hole. They will immediately see higher copays for pre-ventative care, and seniors in nursing homes will see much worse care as they cut $900 billion from Medicaid. 
Now, while this budget squeezes 
working families and students and sen-iors, it paves the way for the Romney- Ryan tax cut plan—to cut tax rates for the folks at the very top—on the the-ory that somehow that is going to trickle down and boost the economy. It is a theory that crashed in the real world under President Bush when in-comes for folks at the top went up but when everybody else’s fell behind. 
While it makes life harder on work-
ing Americans right now, it also disinvests in the future of America. It dramatically cuts our investment in early education and K–12. It dramati-cally cuts our investment in innova-tion and science and research, which has helped power our economy. It as-sumes that the transportation trust fund will begin to run dry in a month and a half and that construction jobs will come short in a few months. 
The one thing it doesn’t cut is any of 
the special interest tax breaks for the purpose of reducing the deficit—not one—not for corporate jets. In fact, today, the Ways and Means Committee worked to provide a big tax break for 
5,500 American families, and an average of 75 percent of them have $20 million estates. They didn’t want to touch that for the purpose of reducing the deficit, so they don’t cut a single tax break. 
Despite all of that disinvestment in 
America, here is the thing: the budget never balances; it doesn’t come close. 
Look at the USA Today editorial. 
They are not a partisan paper. They said it is pure fantasy to claim that this balances; it doesn’t balance, but it does disinvest in America. 
We can do a lot better. We can do a 
lot better than a budget that continues to rig the rules for the folks who have already made it and one that makes life harder for everybody else. Let’s re-ject this Republican budget, and let’s get started back to work for the Amer-ican people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Madam 
Chair, it has been said that budgets are about visions and that they are moral documents, and they are. 
What is our vision? We believe in pro-
moting the greatest amount of oppor-tunity and the greatest amount of suc-cess for the greatest number of Ameri-cans so that the greatest number of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.027 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2020 March 25, 2015 
American dreams can be realized and 
doing so in a way that demonstrates real hope and real compassion and real fairness without Washington’s picking winners and losers. 
Many of our friends here on this floor 
have talked about budgets being moral documents, and they are. Let me ask, Madam Chair: Where is the morality in trapping disadvantaged people in a web of welfare programs that discourage self-sufficiency and, instead, shackle them to government dependency? 
Where is the morality, Madam Chair, 
in committing retirees to a health cov-erage program that is going bankrupt and that can’t keep its promises if its so-called protectors keep blocking re-form? 
Where is the morality, Madam Chair, 
in forcing low-income people into sec-ond rate health programs in which many can’t get appointments and in which doctors are grossly under-reim-bursed by the government? 
Where is the morality, Madam Chair, 
in stifling medical innovation and pre-venting new treatments from reaching patients because of ever-expanding Washington bureaucracy and red tape? 
Where is the morality, Madam Chair, 
in tying college students to years of crippling debt because of a govern-ment-run program loan that drives up tuitions? 
Where is the morality in heaping tril-
lions of dollars of debt onto future gen-erations to finance today’s government spending because today’s policymakers refuse to stop overspending? 
Those are only a few examples of the 
regrettable consequences of well-inten-tioned, government-sponsored compas-sion. This Republican budget aims to break that pattern. It is not about cut-ting programs. It is about saving and strengthening programs to ensure a sustainable safety net for those who need it while encouraging and helping others to sustain themselves, the most truly compassionate thing that one can do for another. That is the morality of this budget. 
What does this budget do? It balances 
in less than 10 years without raising taxes. It reduces spending by over $5.5 trillion. It repeals ObamaCare and the Independent Payment Advisory Board. It ensures a strong defense. 
It makes sure that we save and 
strengthen and secure Medicare and Medicaid. We restore federalism and provide greater opportunity and great-er choices for individuals in our States across this Nation, and we cut waste and corporate welfare. 
These are positive solutions for the 
American people, A Balanced Budget for a Stronger America. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote so we can get the economy rolling again. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELAURO. Madam Chair, I rise in 
strong opposition to this budget. Hardworking American families are in deep trouble. Their wages have been stagnant or in decline for 30 years. Their jobs have been sent overseas by bad trade deals. They have seen none of the benefit of the economic recovery. These fami-
lies are struggling to put bread on their tables and heat their homes, let alone take a vaca-tion or start a college fund. Many are just one big expense away from disaster. 
We should be working to support these fam-
ilies, and make sure that they do not fall deep-er into poverty. Instead, this radical and re-gressive budget would pull the rug out from under them. 
It would cut $1.8 trillion from Medicaid, and 
rob 14 million people of their coverage. It would turn the whole program into a block grant, leaving millions of families in limbo 
It would repeal the Affordable Care Act, in-
creasing by millions the number of uninsured people in this country. 
It would partly privatize Medicare, allowing 
private insurers to cherry pick healthy seniors and leaving the rest of the program in ruins. 
It would block-grant the Supplemental Nutri-
tion Assistance Program, reducing benefits and barring access to this lifeline for millions of people. 
It would freeze the maximum Pell grant, de-
nying low-income students a chance at college just as they need it more than ever to get into the middle class. 
All this at a time when we are spending 
close to $1.5 trillion every year on tax breaks and loopholes—much of it directed toward the wealthy and special interests. That is the spending we should be going after. 
Hardworking Americans need our help. After 
years of neglect, we should be investing in them once more. Instead, this budget leaves them out in the cold. We cannot allow this to happen. I urge my colleagues to vote against it. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-
eral debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 163, 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute No. 6, offered by Mr. T
OMPRICE 
of Georgia, is finally adopted and shall be reported to the House. 
Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, and, pursuant to House Resolution 163, she reported the concurrent resolution back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the concurrent resolu-tion, as amended. 
Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas 
and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 
15-minute vote on H. Con. Res. 27 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 199, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 142] 
YEAS—228 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—199 
Adams 
Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.072 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2021 March 25, 2015 
Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Hinojosa O’Rourke Payne 
Ruiz Sewell (AL) 
Smith (WA) 
b1854 
So the concurrent resolution, as 
amended, was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 27. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2, MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 27, 2015, THROUGH APRIL 10, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–50) on the resolution (H. Res. 173) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen medicare access by improv-ing physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-
TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Madam Speaker, by 
direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 172 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
ber be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
(1) C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS .—Mr. 
Moulton. 
Mr. BECERRA (during the reading). 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 612 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 612. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
SLAIN OFFICER FAMILY SUPPORT 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1527) to accel-erate the income tax benefits for chari-table cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police De-partment Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1527 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Slain Officer 
Family Support Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCELERATION OF INCOME TAX BENE-
FITS FOR CHARITABLE CASH CON-TRIBUTIONS FOR RELIEF OF THE FAMILIES OF NEW YORK POLICE DE-PARTMENT DETECTIVES WENJIAN LIU AND RAFAEL RAMOS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 
170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 a taxpayer may treat any contribution de-scribed in subsection (b) made between Janu-ary 1, 2015, and April 15, 2015, as if such con-tribution was made on December 31, 2014, and not in 2015. 
(b) C
ONTRIBUTION DESCRIBED .—A contribu-
tion is described in this subsection if such contribution is a cash contribution made for the relief of the families of slain New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, for which a charitable contribution deduction is allowable under section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(c) R
ECORDKEEPING .—In the case of a con-
tribution described in subsection (b), a tele-phone bill showing the name of the donee or-ganization, the date of the contribution, and the amount of the contribution shall be treated as meeting the recordkeeping re-quirements of section 170(f)(17) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(d) C
LARIFICATION THATCONTRIBUTION WILL 
NOTFAILTOQUALIFY AS A CHARITABLE CON-
TRIBUTION .—A cash contribution made for 
the relief of the families of slain New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos shall not fail to be treated as a charitable contribution for purposes of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and subsection (b) of this section merely because such contribution is for the exclu-sive benefit of such families. The preceding sentence shall apply to contributions made on or after December 20, 2014. 
(e) C
LARIFICATION THAT PAYMENTS BY  
CHARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS TO FAMILIES  
TREATED AS EXEMPT PAYMENTS .—For pur-
poses of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, payments made on or after December 20, 2014, and on or before October 15, 2015, to the spouse or any dependent (as defined in sec-tion 152 of such Code) of slain New York Po-lice Department Detectives Wenjian Liu or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.029 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2022 March 25, 2015 
Rafael Ramos by an organization which (de-
termined without regard to any such pay-ments) would be an organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code shall— 
(1) be treated as related to the purpose or 
function constituting the basis for such or-ganization’s exemption under such section, and 
(2) shall not be treated as inuring to the 
benefit of any private individual, if such payments are made in good faith using a reasonable and objective formula which is consistently applied with respect to such Detectives. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. J EFFRIES ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
b1900 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1527, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I am going to let 
Mr. J
EFFRIES from New York explain 
what the bill does. This is something that I want to thank the gentleman from New York for bringing to our at-tention. This is the kind of thing we have done in the past under certain sit-uations in emergencies such as this. 
I would simply like to thank the gen-
tleman for bringing it to our attention, and I think Mr. J
EFFRIES can explain 
the bill very well. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Let me first thank Chairman R
YAN 
for his leadership and his support in bringing this important legislation, the Slain Officer Family Support Act of 2015, to the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
Let me also thank my good friend, 
the lead Republican cosponsor, Rep-resentative P
ETER KING, for his part-
nership on this bill, which is of great importance to the people of New York, as well as law enforcement throughout the entire Nation. 
It is an honor and a privilege for me 
to represent the Eighth Congressional District in New York City, proud home of the New York Police Department, one of the finest in the world. 
On December 20, 2014, unspeakable 
tragedy struck the Bedford Stuyvesant community that I represent. While sit-ting in their marked patrol car, Detec-tives Wen Jian Liu and Rafael Ramos were approached from behind and, 
without warning, assassinated at pointblank range through the pas-senger side window. 
Liu and Ramos, both Brooklyn resi-
dents, had been assigned to patrol the Tompkins public housing development in Bedford Stuyvesant as part of a ‘‘critical-response detail’’ responding to an increase in violence over the pre-vious year. They volunteered to be there as part of their willingness to protect and serve the people of New York City. They were killed simply for wearing that blue uniform. 
Detective Liu, age 32, who moved to 
Brooklyn’s Gravesend section earlier that year, was the only son of Chinese American immigrants and came to the United States with his family at the age of 12. He is survived by his parents and his new wife, whom he just married a month prior to that fateful day. 
Committed to his adopted New York 
City, Mr. Liu was inspired to become a police officer after witnessing the at-tacks on September 11. After studying at both Kingsboro Community College and the College of Staten Island, he joined the auxiliary police in 2006 and in 2007 graduated from the police acad-emy. Detective Liu served as a New York Police Department officer for 7 years. 
Detective Ramos, a 2-year veteran of 
the NYPD, had recently celebrated his 40th birthday. He was a lifelong Brook-lyn resident. He was committed to his community and active in his church in Glendale, Queens. 
Rafael Ramos first served as a school 
safety agent before realizing his long-time dream of becoming a police officer in January 2012. He then decided that he also wanted to become a police chaplain. He spent 10 weeks studying to get his certification. His chaplain class was scheduled to graduate at 4 p.m. on the day he was killed. Detec-tive Ramos had intended on going into full-time ministry after retiring from the New York Police Department. 
He is survived by his wife and two 
sons, Jaden, 13, and Justin, a 19-year- old college student. 
Throughout New York and across 
this Nation, there was an outpouring of love and support for these two men and the families that they left behind. 
Under current law, individuals con-
tributing to organizations that provide financial support to the families of the slain detectives were required to make their contributions by December 31 of last year in order to qualify for a tax deduction in connection with a 2015 fil-ing. 
Those officers were assassinated on 
December 20. This bill extends the date of eligibility. Upon enactment, chari-table contributions made by this year’s April 15 tax deadline would be deduct-ible immediately. 
The Joint Committee on Taxation 
has scored the bill as having a neg-ligible budgetary impact of $500,000 or less over 10 years. It is similar, as Chairman R
YANpointed out, to legisla-tion this Congress passed in 2014 and in 
2010 in the wake of natural disasters in the Philippines and Haiti. 
The assassinations of Detective 
Ramos and Detective Liu were a na-tional tragedy that shocked the con-science of America and shook New York City to its core. In the aftermath, we cannot forget the families left be-hind when these two brave heroes were killed tragically in the line of duty. As part of that effort, this legislation will take a significant step in that direc-tion. 
Let me again thank Chairman R
YAN 
and Representative K ING, as well as the 
other cosponsors of the bill, for their support in bringing this legislation to the floor. 
For these reasons, I respectfully urge 
my colleagues in the House to support H.R. 1527, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I think the gentleman from New York said it very, very well. I think this is the right and appropriate thing to do, and I thank him for bringing it to our attention. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Slain Officer Family Support Act of 2015. This bill, championed by Representative H
AKEEM JEFFRIES , which I was 
proud to co-sponsor, will encourage charitable contributions to the families of slain New York Police Department (NYPD) Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos by extending the tax deduction period for such contributions. I have been fortunate to meet and talk with the fami-lies of these two heroes. 
The government has a moral duty to reward 
those who step forward in times of tragedy. The Slain Officer Family Support Act is critical to ensuring that those who kindly assist the families of slain NYPD Officers Liu and Ramos are rewarded. I commend Representative J
EFFRIES for his hard work on this important 
bill. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, every day 
hundreds of thousands of federal, state, and local law enforcement officers put their lives on the line to keep our communities safe. Un-fortunately, the grave risk that our law enforce-ment officers face was tragically confirmed again this past Christmas when on-duty NYPD officers Ramos and Liu were murdered while simply sitting in their squad car. Regrettably, attacks against our nation’s law enforcement officials are too common. Just yesterday, we read the news about two more law enforce-ment officers, San Jose Police Officer Michael Johnson and a state trooper in Wisconsin, who were shot and killed responding to inci-dents. Every loss of life is tragic. Our commu-nities are particularly heartbroken when the life of a law enforcement official is taken. But when the funerals are over and the news sub-sides, it is families and coworkers who must continue to cope with the tragic loss. 
Thankfully, many Americans did what they 
could to ease the burden of the family mem-bers that Detectives Ramos and Liu left be-hind. That is why I am proud to support the Slain Officer Family Support Act. This bill would provide those who have opened their hearts to the families of these slain officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.031 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2023 March 25, 2015 
with a corresponding charitable deduction on 
their 2014 tax returns. We must continue to honor and remember the sacrifice of these of-ficers and support this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
N
EWHOUSE ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1527. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STAFF SERGEANT JOSEPH 
D’AUGUSTINE UNITED STATES POST OFFICE RENAMING 
(Mr. GARRETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is in-
deed with a heavy heart that I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of New Jersey’s sons, Staff Ser-geant Joseph D’Augustine of Waldwick, New Jersey. 
Staff Sergeant D’Augustine was 
killed almost 3 years ago this week, on March 27, 2012, while conducting com-bat operations in Afghanistan. In the greatest act of sacrifice possible, he gave his life while protecting his fellow men and women in uniform. He was just 29 years old. 
Today, I come to the floor of the 
House to introduce legislation that will ensure that Staff Sergeant D’Augustine’s legacy lives on for gen-erations to come. 
This legislation will designate the 
United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the Staff Sergeant Jo-seph D’Augustine Post Office Building. 
Understandably, no action by this 
Congress could ever repay Staff Ser-geant D’Augustine’s sacrifice. This bill, however, will create a permanent and visible memory of his heroism. 
Although this bill passed this House 
last Congress, unfortunately, my col-leagues in the Senate did not take it up. So I come here tonight, hopeful that my colleagues in both the House and Senate will take action to get this bill passed and signed into law so that his legacy will live on. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, sex trafficking is one of the world’s most monstrous, per-vasive, and underpenalized crimes. Up to 300,000 American children are at risk of being trafficked annually. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act, which I coauthored with Congressman P
OEand which passed 
this House unanimously in January, clarifies that the true criminals are the 
traffickers who enslave adolescents and the johns who prey upon them. 
The bill would create stiffer penalties 
and enforcement for the demand side of human trafficking and provide restitu-tion to the survivors. 
The bill has strong support in the 
other body, but it is being complicated by a proposed expansion of the Hyde amendment, which I do not support. 
We must pass this bill. The Senate 
should either take up the House-passed version or find some other compromise. The voiceless victims of modern-day slavery in its most horrific form of cru-elty cannot afford to wait any longer. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID MARSH 
(Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
stand with others in my district—my constituents—and offer my heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of David Marsh, who passed away early Monday. 
David became the victim of a sense-
less act of violence as he stood behind the counter of Lee Mart, the conven-ience store where he worked for 25 years in Murray, Utah. He was shot during a robbery. 
Many individuals are honored on this 
floor after receiving accolades and pub-licity, but I wish to honor David be-cause of his consistent positive impact on others. He made a profound impres-sion on those he met through his hard work and dedication. He was a wonder-ful father and role model who became a fixture in the community. His kind and loving nature made his family, friends, and acquaintances smile. 
It is people like David who make our 
Nation great. I hope that we can all honor the life of David Marsh by being engaged citizens and connecting with love and understanding to the people around us. 
f 
GERMANWINGS FLIGHT 9525 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening with deep sadness in the wake of the terrible tragedy involving Germanwings Flight 9525. 
While the investigation is still ongo-
ing, it is believed that all 150 pas-sengers on board have been lost, in-cluding three American citizens. Also on board were 16 German students who were on their way back to Germany following their 10th-grade class trip to Spain. 
Mr. Speaker, every tragedy of this 
magnitude brings heartbreak, but we are especially saddened by the loss of so many young people full of hope and promise. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that in-
vestigators can quickly determine the cause of this tragedy for the victims’ families. 
As cochair of the bipartisan German- 
American Congressional Caucus, I want to offer my heartfelt thoughts and prayers to all the victims and their families, and our allies in the several countries currently addressing this 
tragedy. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRESSIVE 
CAUCUS: THE BUDGET’S IMPACT ON WOMEN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, earlier today, my colleagues and I debated and passed a budget about which I have quite a few con-cerns. 
Budgets are statements of values. 
They should map out the priorities we have for our Nation. The resolution that the House adopted earlier suggests that our priorities are the interests of the top 1 percent of earners, the inter-ests of corporations. Certainly, not the interests of working families. 
b1915 
Mr. Speaker, according to a Pew Cen-
ter analysis of census data, 4 out of every 10 households with children now have a mother who is either the sole or primary bread winner. That means that 40 percent of families are led by woman. 
As we approach the end of Women’s 
History Month, my Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus colleague and I have come to the floor this evening to talk about the impacts of the Republican budget on women. 
As I have said, women now lead 40 
percent of our Nation’s households with children, a huge socioeconomic shift for this country; but when you dig deeper, 25 percent of those households are single-parent homes where women are the only provider. Those women need health care to be able to keep going to work. As we know, Mr. Speak-er, not every employer offers health care. 
Fortunately, 5 years ago, we passed 
the Affordable Care Act, and now, more than 16 million Americans have access to health insurance, many of them for the first time. 
The Affordable Care Act gave women 
more control over their health than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.035 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2024 March 25, 2015 
they have ever had before, with free 
preventative care, including annual screenings, and free coverage for con-traceptives. There were also a host of benefits, economic and otherwise. 
The Congressional Budget Office 
projects that combined Federal spend-ing for Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, commonly referred to as CHIP, will be $682 billion less over the 2011–2020 pe-riod than projected in 2010 without the Affordable Care Act. 
Our national healthcare costs have, 
indeed, slowed dramatically. The unin-sured rate for working-age adults dropped 35 percent, from 20.3 to 13.2 percent; but it seems that all the bill’s benefits don’t mean much to my Re-publican colleagues who have found a huge and factually questionable por-tion of their budget’s ‘‘savings’’ from repealing the law. 
Mr. Speaker, we have just discussed 
the impact of health care and the Re-publicans’ budget repeal of the ACA. Without access to the health care they need for themselves and their families, Republicans must be assuming that women will be able to take paid time off for work. Unfortunately, we passed the wrong budget for that. 
To tell you a little more about this 
problem, it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge this House to supports the people’s budget. 
The Federal budget is not just a fi-
nancial document; it is a moral docu-ment. The best way to grow our econ-omy is to ensure that Americans have good jobs that pay a livable wage. 
The numbers that you just heard is a 
fact. In 40 percent of households with children under 18, mothers are either the only or the primary source of in-come for the family. Many of these mothers do not have the support of af-fordable childcare, paid family leave, or paid sick days. 
Increasing the minimum wage and 
providing paid medical or sick leave will have a direct positive impact on millions of working mothers. As of last month, 3 States and 17 cities will soon have or now have paid sick leave day laws. This is a good start, but, as Mem-bers of Congress, we need to set a na-tional standard, and we need to do it now. 
Our Nation’s failure to establish a 
basic workplace standard of paid sick days is hurting workers, is hurting families and the public health. Nearly 4 in 10 private sector workers and 80 per-cent of the low wage workers do not have a single paid sick day. Is that what we want our budget to reflect? 
The Republicans say they are for 
families; yet their budget represents more of the same. The budget that the Republicans have introduced doesn’t invest in growing our infrastructure. It cuts vital programs like Medicaid and helps keep working families in poverty. This is totally unacceptable. Paid sick days keep families financially secure, 
workplaces and communities healthy and productive. 
The Institute for Women’s Policy Re-
search calculates that the Federal Gov-ernment could prevent over 2,600 lost jobs for women. Why? Because 2,600 women left their jobs because they were not offered paid parental leave. 
The people’s budget will create over 8 
million good-paying new jobs by 2018. The people’s budget also ensures that our tax codes work for everyone by closing tax loopholes and expanding the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the people’s 
budget because deficit reduction should not be fixed on the backs of hard-work-ing Americans. We must put people first. Do you pay your car note before you buy groceries for your family? No. 
I agree that we must pay down the 
deficit; but at what cost? 
There are many things we must cover 
in our Federal budget, but, Mr. Speak-er, people must be first. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. I thank 
the gentlewoman from Michigan. 
Mr. Speaker, with more women as 
the primary breadwinners than ever, it is important to point out that two- thirds of the minimum wage workers are women. 
Women are notoriously underrep-
resented with equal pay for equal work. The Federal minimum wage right now is only $7.25 per hour. A woman work-ing full time would make just $14,500. That is below the poverty line for a family of three. 
If we want to make sure American 
families can work hard to get ahead, it seems that we would want to make sure they are getting paid enough to do so; yet this issue is completely absent from the Republican budget, and still, women will be notoriously underpaid for the work that they do. 
Mr. Speaker, women are also notori-
ously underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics fields. These are the jobs of to-morrow. These are the jobs that will grow our economy, that will make us globally competitive. 
Unfortunately, we cannot address 
these issues of underrepresentation of women in those areas—science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathe-matics—because the Republican budget that we passed today does not think it is important. 
The people’s budget, on the other 
hand, would lift the minimum wage, would increase the opportunities for women in educational fields where they have been underrepresented and would result in a raise for more than 27.8 mil-lion workers, including the 15.3 million women. 
There are broader societal impacts to 
raising the minimum wage as well. For starters, since women are the majority of minimum wage workers, lifting that Federal minimum wage would close the pay gap by nearly 5 percent. I know it has been said time and again, Mr. Speaker, but raising the minimum 
wage will also boost our economy. 
For these workers, additional wages 
aren’t dropping into savings accounts; they are paying for things they need right now. Research indicates that for every $1 added to minimum wage, low wage worker households spent an addi-tional $2,800 the following year. That is a win-win situation. 
Unfortunately, we didn’t adopt the 
budget that included the minimum wage increase. We adopted the budget that included new tax cuts for the top 1 percent at the expense of the middle class. 
Mr. Speaker, the point that we have 
tried to make here is that we have 
passed the wrong budget. The Repub-lican budget is wrong for women. It is wrong for the middle class. It is wrong for the Nation’s economy. 
The foundations of the American 
Dream are crumbling beneath our feet just right as we speak, with stagnant wages, struggling schools, and a wealth gap that is only getting bigger. 
We can’t move forward with policies 
that are only going to make matters worse. We need to open our eyes and fight together for policies that will build an economy that works for every-one. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE FUTURE FORUM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) for the remainder of the 
hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to address one of the greatest moral crises of our time: student loan debt on my generation. Because of student loan debt, an entire generation is in financial quicksand. 
Here are some startling facts of the 
student loan debt that our generation carries today. Approximately 40 mil-lion Americans had one or more stu-dent loans. The average amount owed on student loans is $33,000, and 70 per-cent of students graduating this year will be burdened with this debt. 
On average, it will take a student 
with this debt, graduating with a bach-elor’s degree, over 19 years to pay off their loans. 
This evening, the House Democratic 
Caucus’ Future Forum will address this moral crisis, and we have got a number of Members who will work with us this evening to talk about their personal stories or stories that they are hearing in their district. 
We have also asked Americans across 
our country, including in my congres-sional district in the East Bay, to tweet or Facebook at us under #mystudentdebt or #futureforum; and we will answer some of their tweets this evening. 
First, I am going to yield to a col-
league of mine who came in, in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.080 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2025 March 25, 2015 
113th Congress, somebody who had stu-
dent loan debt himself and represents a district in Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I grew up 
in a small town in Washington State that I now have the opportunity and the honor of representing. 
My folks were schoolteachers. My fa-
ther, actually, this year, is in his 50th year as a teacher in the classroom. The reality is I couldn’t have gone to col-lege if it hadn’t been for the support of my community and the assistance of fi-nancial aid. 
I got grants and I got loans that 
made the dream of college a reality, and I had a community that had my back, that literally passed the hat by providing me with scholarships to help me fulfill my own dreams of a college education. 
I believe that education is the door 
to opportunity, and for a lot of fami-lies, including mine, financial aid is the key to that door; but the reality is, for too many families today, that door is locked. We have got work to do. 
In 2013, Democrats and Republicans 
came together to pass legislation to protect student borrowers so that they can obtain low interest rates, but our work isn’t done. We need to continue to have a commitment to quality and affordable education. 
That is why I am proud to be a co-
sponsor of a bill that would allow those with outstanding student loan debt to be able to refinance at the same low rate as new borrowers. 
b1930 
Two and a half centuries ago, Ben-
jamin Franklin wrote: ‘‘An investment in knowledge pays the greatest inter-est.’’ I think that was true when he wrote it, and I think it remains true today. We know this. 
Not every student is going to go to 
college, but we know that college is a door-opener. We know that. And we know that America’s competitiveness depends on our ability to have a good, skilled, qualified workforce, to have quality educational opportunities for our workforce. We know that as edu-cational attainment rises, so do wages and so do employment levels. 
We know that it is wiser to invest in 
education on the front end than it is to pay for prisons and unemployment on the back end; and that, to a large de-gree, is a decision that we make as a country and as a society. But that only works if we provide opportunities for students, if we ensure that they don’t drown in debt. 
In our Nation, student loan debt now 
surpasses credit card debt. We need to make sure that when young people graduate college, they have an oppor-tunity to join the workforce, to start a business, or to teach the next genera-tion, not simply to be bogged down with debt. 
One of the coolest parts of this job is 
the opportunity to get to meet with young people, to get to meet with col-lege students and high school students, people who have a long way ahead of 
them. And I think about what I want for those students. I think about what I want for my own kids. I want them to be able to look at the future not with fear of debt and fear of astronomical fi-nancial obligations but with hope for their future. 
I know that the college education 
that I was afforded and the financial aid that I received that paid for that college opportunity enabled me to live a lifetime that was filled with hope. So we have got work to do. And I, for one, am committed to working with the good gentleman from California and others in this Congress—hopefully from both sides of the aisle—to address this opportunity and make sure that all young people and, frankly, all who want to pursue educational oppor-tunity see that door open to them. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
know there are a number of colleges in your district in Washington or around your district. And when you talk to young people today and they are think-ing about going to college, how much are you hearing that the potential of debt is weighing on that decision? 
Mr. KILMER. I appreciate the ques-
tion. It is the main concern that we hear. 
I was in a high school classroom just 
last month and heard concerns from students who said: I want to go to col-lege. I want to pursue that oppor-tunity, but I am fearful that I won’t be able to afford it. 
We have seen in my State and in 
States all throughout this country that as States faced difficult budget times, two things happened. One, State sup-port for our educational institutions got cut, and tuition rose. Oftentimes, financial aid—either from the institu-tions or from other sources—didn’t keep up with those increases in tuition. So young people are concerned about that. They recognize that further edu-cation is going to be really important for their chances of getting a good job. Again, not every job requires higher education, but as we look at those fast-est-growing jobs in our economy, more and more of those jobs require at least some postsecondary education. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. And is 
it just young people who are concerned about it? What do you hear from their parents as far as what the debt means if they have got a child who has just graduated college and is out there in the job market? Are you hearing from the parents as well? 
Mr. KILMER. It is certainly a huge 
concern. 
In nearly every town hall meeting I 
have, concerns around student loan debt and access to affordable, quality education come up. But even outside of parents, there are folks in my commu-nity who have, unfortunately, lost their jobs and want to go back to school. 
I was at Olympic College in my dis-
trict in Bremerton, Washington, and their foundation had a luncheon that was to support students and their abil-
ity to pay for college. We heard from one of the students who was a more mature student who had started her college career either sleeping in her car or sleeping in the student center. And that, for too many people, is a reality these days. We need to make sure that education is affordable, that education is quality, and that the key that finan-cial aid represents to that door of op-portunity is available for everybody. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
thank the gentleman from Washington, and I look forward to seeing your good work across Washington and in this Congress to address this moral crisis of our generation. 
Mr. KILMER. Thank you. Mr. SWALWELL of California. I men-
tioned that we are going to be having a conversation not just here on the House floor, but we have been talking to young Americans and people with student debt across America. So you can tweet on your phone at #mystudentdebt or on Facebook at #mystudentdebt or also tweet under #futureforum. 
I just want to read one of the first 
tweets that came in on this, and this came from Natalie Collier. She is from my hometown in Dublin, California. It is a place where, when I was growing up there, only less than 30 percent of the high school graduates were going on to 4-year universities. That number has more than doubled today. But young people like Natalie who have gone on to college have this to say. 
She is in college now and she said 
that she pays $300 each month to re-duce her interest payments, and with-out such payments, she could save to buy a house. 
So we are asking on social media, 
first: What is your monthly payment for your student loan debt? For some student loans, you have to start paying them immediately while you are still in college, especially for many of the private ones. Others you have to pay them immediately upon graduation. 
The second question is: What would 
you do with that money if you weren’t spending it on your student loan debt? How would you spend that money? 
With Natalie’s $300, we can imagine if 
she didn’t have to spend that on her student loan debt, that would be spent in the economy, hopefully allowing her to save to buy a home, pay her auto payment, pay her rent, hopefully near where she works, and she doesn’t have to spend as much time on the road. 
So there is a ripple effect that goes 
out into the economy if we can lessen the burden that the student loan debt has on younger people in our country. 
This issue is one that is personal to 
me because I have student loan debt. My student loan story is that I was for-tunate to go to college on an athletic scholarship. That was the only reason I was able to go to college. 
My parents were not able to afford to 
send me to college, and I knew that I had to work hard and play soccer well, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.082 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2026 March 25, 2015 
and that would be my ticket and that 
I would be the first in my family to go to college. But like many young ath-letes, I got injured. I wanted to stay in college, so I had to take out student loans. About 90 percent of the student loans I took out were Federal student loans, but there had to be a bridge be-tween the Federal student loans I had and the tuition that I owed. So we had to take out some higher interest pri-vate loans. 
Over $100,000 is what I have today, 
and I never complained about it. I knew it was an investment in my fu-ture. And I worked every job I could to try to make it work and to meet the tuition demands that I had every se-mester. 
But I have talked to young people 
from where I grew up and across our country, and I have realized that this isn’t something that is just affecting me. I pay roughly $400 a month still on my student loan debt. It is something that is weighing like an anchor on young people across our country—41 million young people, approximately, with over $1 trillion in student debt. 
It weighs on every major decision 
they have to make in their formative years: when or whether to start a fam-ily, being able to buy their first home, leaving the job they have to take a risk and go out and start a business on their own. 
Of all of these decisions, the biggest 
factor for young people today is that student debt that they carry. And it is weighing them down. It is weighing an entire generation down, and it is some-thing that this United States Congress must do. 
I am glad to see here for his second 
Future Forum appearance my col-league from Colorado, Congressman J
ARED POLIS. 
And I would be interested, Congress-
man P OLIS, in what you think and what 
you are hearing from young people as far as how this weighs on decisions they have to make and what we can do here in the Congress. 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman 
from California for his leadership on this issue and for raising public aware-ness about the role that Congress should play and is failing to play with regard to making college more afford-able. 
This morning I had the opportunity 
to meet with the chancellor of one of our flagship State universities in the district I represent, the University of Colorado at Boulder. Chancellor Phil DiStefano came by, and we talked a lot about college affordability. 
Now, the university, in its own right, 
I am proud to say, is doing what they can. They are creating a new 3-year program, where students can graduate in 3 years and only have to pay for 3 years of tuition. They are also creating an interest-free installment program, where students can pay their fees spread out over a longer period of time without interest, financed through the university. And I am very proud to report that 
CU will only increase student tuition by 3 percent this year, which is the lowest increase in several decades. 
Now, moving from what many of our 
universities are trying to do in their own right to what Congress can do is where we need to shift the discussion here. Making student loans more af-fordable, reducing the interest rate, and in some cases, raising the cap available are all absolutely, absolutely critical to help young people afford a higher education that enables them to succeed in the workforce. 
We are not doing enough. We ought 
to address some of the cost drivers within higher education. I think we took a good first step with the Afford-able Care Act, with looking at some of the costs of health care in education. 
Another example is looking at some 
of the costs of content acquisition. Dr. Phil DiStefano was telling me that their library costs of acquiring mate-rial and keeping their professional journal subscriptions is increasing at 15 percent a year. One of their cost drivers. That is why some of us here supported a bill—and President Obama took the first steps on this—to make sure that taxpayer-supported research, money that is funded through NIH re-search—it is funded through NIH or NASA, taxpayer-funded research—is made freely available to the public and is not only available in prescription journals that not only raise the costs for our universities but make access to the very science that we, the people, fi-nanced less egalitarian by limiting it to those who can pay for it. 
In addition, we talked about open 
source textbooks. Would you believe that after you pay tuition, after you fi-nally, you know—oh, my gosh, with this debt and my parents’ help and my job—oh, but then guess what? $1,100 for textbooks. I kid you not. 
I had heard from a lot of students 
that their textbooks were $1,100, $1,200. And I asked the chancellor today. I said, Am I hearing from the students in the worst-case scenario? He said, No, that is average. That is average. It is costing the average student $1,100 a se-mester for the textbooks they need to succeed. We don’t need that. We can, through innovation, disintermediate that and have collaborative open source content of the same or superior quality that professors put together for students and is available for free or near free. 
It doesn’t matter if people want it 
online or as a textbook. The physical act of producing a textbook is only $3 or $4, not $50 or $100. Most of that prof-it margin goes to textbook companies. Very little is with the authors or the professors who contributed the work. They largely do it for professional con-sideration and prestige. And if we can build a culture that supports and em-powers content platforms that are open source, we can truly bring down those textbook costs which are so onerous for students in higher education. So we should challenge Congress to 
do something about the looming stu-dent debt crisis, not just for the stu-dents that are accruing it today, but for people who graduated 5 or 10 years ago and are still suffering under the yoke of the debt that they incurred that allowed them to have a decent job in America. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I 
mean, this seems like a problem of, What do you do with the student today and the student tomorrow? And that revolves around what the interest rates are going to be. 
And you just alluded to, this isn’t 
just about today and tomorrow. This is about the generation that took on the debt and is carrying it now and is in the workforce. 
We have just introduced in the Con-
gress the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, introduced by our colleague from Connecticut, J
OE 
COURTNEY , which kind of goes to this. 
And maybe you could talk a little bit about what can we do for students who already have this debt and they hear most of the focus being on the interest rate for the future. What can we try to help them as they try to navigate with this debt? 
Mr. POLIS. We can’t forget students 
who financed their education at higher interest rates, when inflation was high-er, who years after their graduation still suffer under the yoke of debt. That is the reason why Representative C
OURTNEY brought forth his bill. 
And when I hear from constituents, 
that is one of the top things that I hear. I hear from people who might have graduated 3 years ago, 5 years ago, even 20 years ago, but their debt load is impacting their ability to live their lives; their ability to buy a home, which they can’t do because of it; their ability to have a family simply because of the way or the manner that they fi-nanced it or the time they financed it. 
So I think it is absolutely appro-
priate for us to find a way to make sure that people are rewarded for their educational achievement and not pe-nalized. 
b1945 
The greatest asset our country has is 
our intellectual capital. It is the ideas and knowledge of our people. That is our greatest asset. Yet in this day and age the fact that we are penalizing peo-ple for bettering themselves and for ac-quiring knowledge that is needed for our economy to succeed is absolutely ridiculous, and that is exactly what we need to do. 
I invite the gentleman from Cali-
fornia to talk about how some of these issues were highlighted in the recent budget debates we had because when a lot of people hear, oh, the Democrats and Republicans are fighting about the budget, it seems very esoteric. They say: What is this budget? What is that budget? Well, these are very important statements because it shows how each party would govern. Specifically, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.083 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2027 March 25, 2015 
visions that each budget set forth with 
regard to higher education, college and how to afford it are night and day. 
I am hoping that you can talk about, 
just moments before on the floor of this very House, the budget that, un-fortunately, our Republican colleagues passed and then contrast that with the budget that you and I voted for which would have made college more afford-able and helped families afford college. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Just 
looking at the Twitter feed, we see @hilmoya saying: As graduation ap-
proaches, my student debt looms over me like an oncoming storm. It makes me hesitant to start grad school. 
I appreciate the gentleman from Col-
orado alluding to the budget that we, just moments ago on this House floor, voted on. We had two competing budg-ets when it came to many issues that are important to this country. But for my generation, looking at the genera-tion of 18- to 35-year-olds, there is no issue that is more important and af-fects more people than student loan debt. 
The Republican budget would cut 
$220 billion in funds for college accessi-bility. It would cut Pell grants. It would cut subsidized student loan pro-grams, and it cuts income-based repay-ment. These backward policies not only are hurting students, they are hurting the progress of our economy. They would make college more unaffordable for millions of prospective students. 
Nine million students today benefit 
from Pell grants. Two-thirds of African American students receive Pell grants, and half of Latino students receive Pell grants. Nine out of 10 Pell grant recipi-ents are already taking out student loans. These students need more help from their government. 
I want to make it clear that no stu-
dent that I have ever talked to, no stu-dent who has ever taken on the debt believes that this should just be a handout or a gift from the government. The position of the Future Forum, the position of the House Democratic Cau-cus is that if you believe in young peo-ple, if you take a chance on them, and if they are hard-working and qualified, they will take that investment, they will take that risk, and they will pay back their student loan debt. But we don’t have to gouge them. The govern-ment doesn’t have to make money on young people looking for a way up. The government doesn’t have to make money on people who are looking for and seeking to seize upon opportunity. 
Speaking of young people, just join-
ing us now here in the House Chamber is a first-term Member of Congress, someone who is also making a second Future Forum appearance and someone who cares deeply about what student loan debt means for the constituents in his Pennsylvania district. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to B
RENDAN  
BOYLE . 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. I very much appreciate the lead-ership that the gentleman from Cali-
fornia has shown in forming our cau-cus, and also especially when it comes to this issue which is near and dear to my heart. I have talked many times during my campaign about the fact that I thought it would change the dy-namic to now have a Member of Con-gress who himself has tens of thou-sands of dollars of student loan debt because I wanted to do exactly what we are doing tonight, be able to speak on the House floor and say, yes, this is an incredibly serious issue that needs to be dealt with as the national problem that it is. 
Depending on how you judge mort-
gages, student loans are considered ei-ther the largest source of debt or the second largest source of debt in Amer-ica today, a tenfold increase in the last 20 years—tenfold increase. That is unsustainable. I believe that it is un-fair and a tremendous burden to those who are young and, frankly, not so young and raising families of their own. But not only is there the fairness argument, there is also the argument that it just makes no sense for the United States of America in the 21st century to be going in this direction, to be penalizing those who are at-tempting to better themselves and be-come better workers, become better trained and ensure that they can par-ticipate in the workforce of the 21st century. 
So I believe that this is an issue, 
frankly, that has been undercovered and underfocused on over the last sev-eral years. I believe that there is a dan-ger of this actually being a student loan debt bubble. And I believe that it is about time that this Congress, the House and the Senate, finally dealt with this as the national crisis that it is. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. So I 
would ask the gentleman, I am looking through our Twitter feed here, and we have got a number of people who have kind of chimed in on it. One young per-son just tweeted at us, Dolores Tejada. She is a child of immigrants from Gua-temala, and she is the first in her fam-ily to go to college. Her parents, she said, make the minimum wage, and she has been working for 6 years at a non-profit and pays $350 a month on her student loan debt. She said without this payment, she would buy a car—she currently has to share one with the en-tire family—and she would move out of her parents’ house. 
Have you heard stories like Dolores’ 
in your district or across our country? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Well, first, I couldn’t help iden-tify with the tweet from Dolores. Like she, I am a first-generation American. My father is an immigrant. And like Dolores, I am the first in my family to go to college. Student loans played an important part in enabling me to go to college. So I don’t in any way use my own personal experience as a woe is me. I consider myself one of the very fortunate ones. But the fact that I had the benefit of 
winning scholarships and piecing to-gether student loans and tens of thou-sands of them along with every work- study job you can imagine, the fact that I am actually one of the lucky ones and it was that difficult, I know so many people in the neighborhood where I grew up in Philadelphia who weren’t as fortunate. I know so many people today in my neighborhood and all throughout the country who have exactly the same story that Dolores had in that she says: Well, with this extra $350 a month, I would be buying a car; I would be saving for a down pay-ment on a home. 
It is interesting. I hear these kinds of 
stories not just from those who are in repayment, I hear them from Realtors who have been in the business two, three, or four decades. They will say to me: B
RENDAN , I can’t tell you what a 
difference it is today. Back when I was starting out, I would sell so many homes to younger people, 24, 25, 26. Now I don’t have one customer in their twenties. Why? Because the student loan payments are taking that up. 
So that means that it doesn’t only 
hurt the graduate who is in repayment; it also has a spillover effect in our overall economy. It hurts the Realtors. It hurts the contractors who would have done work once that young couple or the young person bought a house. It hurts the Home Depot down the street. There is this spillover effect in our economy. And it is getting to the larg-er point I was talking about that this is not just a problem for young people. This is a problem for families who want to send their kids to college. This is a problem for Realtors. This is a problem for anyone who wants economic devel-opment to be spurred in our country. Essentially, this is a national issue. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
are looking at Twitter, and I see Jenna on Twitter from New York City, who says: I chose a State school as the af-fordable choice over better schools where I was accepted and still have $30,000 in student loan debt. 
Are you seeing that in Pennsylvania 
where the State universities are start-ing to see their tuitions go up almost as much as the tuition at private uni-versities? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Well, unfortunately, yes. While I am a born and raised and proud Penn-sylvanian, I am sad to say on this score we are the second worst in the country. We have the second most expensive public colleges and universities in the Nation. Sure enough, our Pennsylvania residents have the second highest amount of student loan debt in the country. So this is a problem affecting my State. It affects all 50 States, but, unfortunately, it is worse in my home State than almost every other State in the country. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Now, 
we are talking about student loan debt as well as student loan interest rates, two separate issues, but both affecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.085 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2028 March 25, 2015 
essentially the same generation. We 
saw just this week our colleague, J OE 
COURTNEY , within the past week intro-
duced his bill. I want to see if the gen-tleman has a position on this. It is the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Re-financing Act. What it would do is it would allow eligible student loan bor-rowers to refinance their private and Federal loans. As the gentleman knows, if you have an auto loan or if 
you have a home loan and if you have a business loan, you can often, if quali-fied, refinance those loans as interest rates change and the markets change. Right now, you can’t do that with stu-dent loans. 
How do you think this would change 
the debt load that young people are carrying today if they could take that student loan to the marketplace and find competitive refinancing rates. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Representative C
OURTNEY ’s bill. E LIZA-
BETH WARREN is the sponsor in the Sen-
ate of the companion legislation. 
This would have a transformative ef-
fect on helping those who right now are struggling with the student loan pay-ment. So many of the ideas that we have are more geared toward those who will be going to college and aren’t yet college age. This is the one idea that can actually help those who are living today under the burden of higher stu-dent loan debt. 
It is important to note that neither 
of us are talking about forgiving debt or eliminating debt or giving people a free ride or allowing them to get away from the debts they incur. We are sim-ply saying allow them to have the mar-ket mechanism that so many others have; allow them to refinance at the current low rates. This would be a tre-mendous savings, literally tens of bil-lions of dollars saved. And then that is money that in turn will be repumped into our economy. So I believe it would have an incredibly positive effect, and I am a strong supporter of it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. I am 
glad you mentioned the effect it would have on the economy. I just heard 2 minutes ago from Andreas Giraldo. He said with the $389 that is going to stu-dent loan debt, I could be buying a house. If you just imagine, you take 40 million people who have debt right now, and if we found a way for them to refinance it or reduce it and save them hundreds a month, they are not going to just sit on that money or put it under the mattress. They are going to put that money back into the econ-omy. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. I am thinking of you being in California in a much more expensive area than, while Pennsylvania is not cheap, by California standards, it is much more affordable. How much of an effect would it have for the young, bright, well-educated folks in northern California if they could suddenly have an extra, 3, 400 a month to help them afford the cost of living there and save for a down payment? Mr. SWALWELL of California. The 
bay area is a beautiful place to live. It is 80 degrees there this week. It is one of the most educated places in the world. It has an innovation economy that is charting the course for the new American economy and is really defin-ing how the American worker is going to work going forward. But the biggest downfall, the downside, if there is any in the bay area right now, is the cost of living. It costs so much to own a house. It costs so much for health care and starting a business. There are so many costs to be in the bay area today that it is pricing out young people. 
So if you go to a good school, you are 
qualified, you make it to a good school, you take on the student loan debt, and you want to go into the workforce, with the debt that you carry, first, chances are you are not going to be able to live anywhere near where you are going to work because you are not going to be able to afford it. 
I had the California Association of 
Realtors in my office today. Our local rep, Otto Catrina, was telling me how hard it is for him. He told me the story today of somebody who works at one of the largest tech companies in America. This person makes, he said, over $100,000 a year. And because of the stu-dent loan debt that she has, she is hav-ing a very, very difficult time buying a house. That is somebody who makes over $100,000 a year, and that is in the upper echelon of incomes in our coun-try. 
Can you imagine the middle class 
worker, the hard-working American who is making $40,000, $50,000 a year, wants to maybe go do some good and teach in a classroom? How is that per-son going to live near where they work? How is that person going to buy a home? How is that person going to start a family and have kids? 
So I am glad the gentleman asked 
that, because those are the stories I see back where I grew up. That is why peo-ple care about that issue. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. You actually just referenced an-other point of this that I think is such a good point, and that is that this stu-dent loan debt is actually preventing young people from going out and start-ing their own businesses, which is a personal tragedy for them, but also has, again, tremendously negative ef-fects on our overall economy. I am wondering, particularly in an entrepre-neurial area like the bay area, you must hear similar stories. 
b2000 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. We 
have become in the Bay Area a place where approximately 75 percent of the venture funding is going right now. There are a lot of smart, young, ener-getic determined people with good ideas, but they don’t have a lot of fund-ing. And for them the decision be-comes, well, I have got this job right now that pays my student loan debt and pays my other bills, but I have this great idea, which is my passion, which 
is my dream. But if I leave my job and I risk it all, I still have this debt; it is going to follow me, and it is going to be really hard if this doesn’t take off. I see that decision point so often across the Bay Area. 
I just think, as you said, we are not 
asking to just completely say to every bank, You no longer can collect on this debt. I think what we are asking is, Let’s start the conversation. How do we reduce it? How do we refinance it? How do we give people more money in their pocket every month so that they can help themselves lift up their fami-lies and help our economy? 
I see in the Chamber here with us our 
former caucus chair J
OHNLARSON , the 
gentleman from Connecticut. I am put-ting him on the spot a little bit here. But I know he cares just as much as the gentleman from Pennsylvania and I do about what young people in his dis-trict are doing and how student loan debt affects him. So I am just won-dering if our former chair could weigh in on what we can do in the Congress to help young people with student loan debt. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Well, 
first of all, I want to thank the gen-tleman from California and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for their hard work in this subject matter area. 
Certainly we know that all credit 
debt combined is exceeded by the amount of debt that those who attend and receive a college education are cur-rently bearing and the awful burden that that has created on the working members of the middle class and how difficult a burden it is, so I commend the gentlemen for their efforts here on the floor. 
First of all, it starts with our budget 
that we debated today in making sure that there are not cuts to Pell grants, but there are investments made in Pell grants. 
Frankly, as people talk about repa-
triation, that is, as both the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and California know, where money has been sent over-seas, and there is a lot of talk about bringing money back and what will we do with that, what about a trust fund that will allow an opportunity for young people all across America to re-finance and restructure their ability to pay off their college debt? It is not a novel idea. 
After all, isn’t that what we did for 
Wall Street after 2008? Isn’t that what we did to make sure that banks and fi-nancial institutions didn’t fail? Shouldn’t we do this for the human in-frastructure, for all those hard-work-ing families who have refinanced their home, who have gone into their per-sonal savings, who are saddled with enormous amounts of debt? 
What a great thing for the country 
and how valuable that would be for people to once again be able to have completed a college education, place themselves in a position to be more productive members of society, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.086 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2029 March 25, 2015 
also in a position where they are not 
burdened with the debt that prevents them from carrying on a life, to get married, to purchase a first home, to buy a new automobile, all the things that help our economy grow, all the reasons that they went to college in the first place. 
So I commend the two gentlemen for 
their continuous work in this area, your support of the Democratic budget. What a great job that C
HRIS VANHOL-
LEN did today articulating the values 
that this side of the aisle has been put-ting forward not only in terms of the morality of the issue, but also the eco-nomic impact that it has on so many working families. 
I hope that our distinguished col-
leagues from California and Pennsyl-vania will join us in the second hour in a discussion on all generations on So-cial Security. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. I was just going to say how happy I am to welcome Mr. L
ARSON as 
the newest member to the Future Cau-cus. There aren’t many of us that have such wonderful white hair in the future caucus. 
But what is interesting is this is an 
exact linkage to the subject that we are going to talk about next with re-spect to Social Security. And that is, it is all part of the same system. The idea that you give opportunity to people, you demand responsibility, they pay into a system, they benefit at some point, and then the next generation benefits. 
People on Social Security today are 
able to benefit because of the workers of today. Thirty, 40 years from now, those students who are worrying about student loans will probably still be in the workforce and making, hopefully, more money that will pay into Social Security that will help the workers of 
today, who will be the retirees of to-morrow. So this is all actually linked and part of making America work. 
So I am proud to be with the two gen-
tlemen. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Thank 
you. I don’t think we could end on a more inspirational note than the elo-quent words from our former chairman from Connecticut, Mr. L
ARSON . 
This is about the future. I am proud 
to be a sponsor of the Social Security Fairness Act. I am glad that is getting some attention this evening. 
To summarize, the Future Forum 
and what we aspire for young people to have is not a handout when it comes to student loan debt, not a complete free pass where you just take on govern-ment investments and you don’t give anything back. 
What we are saying is that if you are 
qualified and you worked hard and you have the student loan debt, it should be easier than it is today. We should be able to pass J
OECOURTNEY ’s bill and 
allow you to refinance. We should find every way possible to reduce this debt for each person as low as we can. 
And if you are a student today, the 
government should not make money on your student interest loan. They 
shouldn’t make money. If you are qualified and able to go to college, es-pecially if you are like the gentleman from Pennsylvania or myself and you are the first person in your family to go to college, we should reduce every barrier to college because it is a part of achieving that American Dream of starting a family, owning a home, buy-ing a new automobile, and saving for a secure golden retirement. 
So I thank the gentleman from Con-
necticut for his help this evening and coming down as a special cameo guest appearance. And I also thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for, again, being a part of our Future Forum. 
You can tweet us at #futureforum 
and we will continue this conversation until we address what is the greatest moral crisis of our generation—student loan debt. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SOCIAL SECURITY 2100 ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. L
AR-
SON) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I am honored to be here this evening to talk about and to follow two distinguished colleagues from Cali-fornia and Pennsylvania who spoke with great eloquence about the future, who were addressing the issue of stu-dent loans and student loan debt that we are experiencing all across the country. 
This evening, I am here to discuss 
Social Security. Currently, before the Ways and Means Committee, we are ad-dressing the issue of Social Security that, as everybody knows, not only covers old age and survivorship, but also disability. 
That fund is due to expire in 2016 if 
Congress does not take action, due to be cut severely and have an impact on so many Americans. And yet all across this country, frankly, on a bipartisan basis on the committee and from with-out the committee, people are talking about coming up with solutions for So-cial Security. 
That is why we have introduced the 
Social Security 2100 Act. Why 2100? Well, because we want to make sure that the program of Social Security, which by law is required to make sure that it is solvent for 75 years, in fact, is, and that is what our proposal does. 
But I want to talk about this in 
terms of a pragmatic, practical, com-monsense path forward to make sure that Social Security is not only there for seniors who are currently receiving it, but for future generations, as well. 
Social Security is uniquely the most 
indispensable plan that the govern-ment has been committed to. 
We have a slide that I would like to 
put up that demonstrates exactly how indispensable Social Security is. 
Today, two-thirds of seniors rely on 
Social Security for the majority of their income. Think about that for a 
moment. Of all the people that you know, of all the retirees that you are associated with, two-thirds of them rely on Social Security for a majority of their income. 
The median retirement account bal-
ance for all Americans—all Ameri-cans—is $2,500. Ask yourself, America: Is there anyone that could sustain themselves or a family or a spouse with $2,500 in their retirement accounts and savings? 
Only 14 percent of private sector 
workers are participating in defined benefit pensions. Well, what does that mean? That means that 86 percent of Americans are not. So what we are faced with in the United States Con-gress really isn’t a Social Security problem, because we all know that So-cial Security works. Social Security has never missed a payment, and So-cial Security is there to both help peo-ple who are disabled, to help the spouse and the children who are survivors after an untimely death, and it is there in retirement and serves as a pension, as I said before, almost exclusively, for two-thirds of all of America. 
So simply stated, it makes no sense 
at all to cut Social Security. It makes no sense at all to raise the age of So-cial Security. 
Since 2008 and the Great Recession 
and the devastation that so many Americans went through, people who had worked hard and played by the rules and had invested their money in 401Ks, well, the reality is that they saw their 401K become a 101K. So it is long overdue for Congress to come together in a nonpartisan way to fully address this issue. 
b2015 
At the start of this session, our col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle developed a rule. I commend them for this rule. The rule says that you can’t just address, simply, disability with re-spect to the Social Security trust fund. 
You have to address both disability 
and old age and survivors’ benefits col-lectively. That is the way the program has always been addressed, and I com-mend them for underscoring what is a retirement crisis and why we need to take these bold steps. 
I say ‘‘retirement crisis’’ because you 
saw the statistic before where only 14 percent of the private sector workers are participating in defined benefit contributions. That simply cannot sus-tain us. What this particular chart shows is that more seniors than ever are also paying taxes on their Social Security benefits. So we have this re-tirement crisis in which two-thirds of Americans are retiring with just about Social Security as their only means of moving forward, their only means of sustaining themselves. 
To further compound that problem, 
the way the Social Security Act was changed in 1983 has now found us in a situation in which taxable income over $25,000 for a single person is subject to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.087 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2030 March 25, 2015 
being taxed and $32,000 for a married 
couple. This is only escalating as more and more baby boomers retire into the system. 
For example, in 1998—that was not 
that long ago—26 percent of all seniors came under this law and were taxed under the current law. Just last year, in 2014, that figure rose to 49 percent, and it is only growing. 
We need to address this issue. Why? 
Because more seniors, out of necessity, are finding themselves working—work-ing to make up for the loss that they incurred from 2008 forward in their 401(k)’s and in their investment port-folios, working to make ends meet. 
One thing seniors understand and, I 
think, America understands is this: So-cial Security is not an entitlement. Certainly, you are entitled to Social Security payments; but why? You are entitled to them because they are the insurance that you paid for. 
It is the earned compensation that 
people, through their hard work and sweat of their brow, have put into the system. The system is called FICA, the Federal Insurance Contributions Act. Those contributions have been made by all Americans, and as I said earlier, they remain the bulk work for the Na-tion’s retirement program and are the safety net that prevents seniors from retiring into poverty, that allows them to exist. 
This is the time to focus on strength-
ening the Social Security Program. This is the time we should be talking about expanding the Social Security Program. It is because of the retire-ment crisis that we find ourselves here, not for lack of contribution, not for lack of effort, but because of the real economic conditions most families have found themselves in. That is why we introduced the Social Security 2100 Act. 
What does it do? First and foremost, 
it doesn’t raise the national debt at all. It is completely paid for. How do we know this? Because we have an actu-arial report. 
The chief actuary for Social Security 
has determined that it exceeds the 75- year limits in terms of its solvency so that Social Security will not only be here now, tomorrow, and well into the future, but Justin Bieber will be 106 years old, and Social Security will still be there for him and for those of his generation as well. 
It is that important and vital a pro-
gram for our Nation so that it needs our very specific and direct focus and attention. 
With so many relying on Social Secu-
rity, we also need to expand its bene-fits. We are proposing a modest 2 per-cent increase across the board, but we are also proposing what senior citizens know already, which is that the system that we have of calculating the COLA is inadequate and does not work. 
Most importantly, it doesn’t reflect 
what seniors actually pay, what they actually have to go through in terms of the costs of heating their homes, of buying prescription drugs, and of pay-
ing for the escalating costs of food and heat and energy. 
We have devised a system—endorsed 
widely by groups that embrace it—that we call the CPIE, the consumer price index based on the actual costs of the elderly, with the E standing for elderly in this circumstance. It makes sure that there are sufficient amounts of money that are there to provide for our senior citizens. 
The next thing that we do is to make 
sure that nobody can retire into pov-erty. We raise the minimum benefit to 125 percent of poverty, which would amount to—in so many cases, at the lower end of the economic scale—a 50 percent increase in benefits for the poorest amongst us. 
When I say ‘‘poor,’’ I mean the work-
ing poor, people who are pulled into the system. Again, this is not an entitle-ment. This is earned compensation. This is the insurance that so many have already paid for and why this has become so important and so vital a test. 
We also provide a tax cut for 11 mil-
lion working seniors. Let me repeat that. We provide a tax cut for 11 mil-lion seniors. 
How do we do that? As we said ear-
lier, people, out of necessity, have found themselves in this system. They have found themselves in a position in which, in retirement, they are finding themselves working. They work hard for their money, but as I said earlier, if they are single and if their combined incomes are more than $25,000, they are taxed. If they are a couple and their combined incomes are $32,000, they are taxed. 
These numbers are easily reached 
and are being exceeded, and that is why we are recommending the tax cut by raising those limits and by providing those to working seniors, and there is a value that they bring to all of our com-munities with the break that they need so that they can sustain themselves and can also continue to pay their way in retirement with the benefits that they have earned, with the benefits that they have paid for but that haven’t kept pace with the economic times. 
It provides an across-the-board ben-
efit increase of 2 percent for every sen-ior, and it improves the cost-of-living adjustments by going to CPIE. As I said before, a new minimum benefit to ensure that no one who has paid into the system retires into poverty is flat out fair. 
You may ask: How do you pay for 
this? Certainly, at the outset of this, we made the boast that this is solvent into the next century, beyond the 75 years that is required, signed off by the Social Security chief actuary, who has determined the solvency of the pro-gram. 
How do we do this? First and fore-
most, we say that we ought to increase the contribution to the fund by 1 per-cent. Now, 1 percent may not seem like a lot; but, when you have the whole 
country contributing, in fact, it is. Even at that 1 percent level, though, we believe that, especially in dealing with the times in which we are today, we ought to phase that in over a 25- year period. 
What does that mean? What that 
means is that, for a worker who is making $50,000 a year, for 50 cents a week, as part of his or her contribu-tion, they get the most valuable gov-ernmental program in the history of this Nation, the program that keeps people out of poverty, the program that for more than two-thirds of them is the only retirement vehicle that they will have, the program that is also there in disability and for sur-vivors’ benefits. 
We have so many Members in this 
body who can tell their stories about how they would not have made it with-out Social Security. Both the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, P
AUL RYAN, and probably one of the 
foremost authorities on the issue, R
ICHARD NEALof Massachusetts, bene-
fited from Social Security. It made it possible for their mothers to help them and their families into college and be-yond, and look how successful both of them have been. 
This is America’s story. This is about 
America coming together, and that is why it is around modest, pragmatic, straightforward proposals that don’t shy away from the cost but address it head on, that address it head on in a simple, pragmatic, commonsense man-ner. 
These aren’t taxes. These are con-
tributions that people are making and that they are receiving a direct benefit from. It is unique amongst all of the programs that we have. 
Along with the 1 percent increase 
phased in over 25 years, which amounts to .05 percent, or 50 cents a week for someone earning $50,000 or more—less if you are earning less and a little bit more if you are earning more—we are also asking the top .4 percent to pay the same rate as everyone else. 
As you may know, Social Security is 
taxed currently only up to $118,000. After that, people stop paying into the system. What we are saying is: listen, the country is going through some dif-ficult times. 
People, especially those who work 
hard and play by the rules—the work-ing class, the middle class, who are suf-fering under this—we ought to give them a little bit of a break. 
Not until $400,000 do we start taxing 
Social Security again—excuse me— asking those who are paying into the system to pay the same rate as every-body else at that level. Only .4 percent, we ask to pay to make this fund sol-vent, in conjunction with raising the percentage by 1 percent, for the next 75 years and beyond. 
b2030 
We keep Social Security strong for 
generations to come, and that is why 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.089 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2031 March 25, 2015 
this is such a vital and important ben-
efit for this great Nation of ours. 
At the end of the day, what has made 
our country great, going back to those first settlers who all gathered together to help one another raise their homes and their barns and plow and sow and reap the benefits of their fields, Ameri-cans have rallied to come together, ral-lied with one another from the time the Thirteen Colonies formed the Union to today of our 50 States. Our States are unique, our States all have special qualities, but the one quality that we all share is that we are Ameri-cans. 
Social Security is America’s pro-
gram. It is what Roosevelt recognized, as did the Congresses back then, the importance of dealing in our system of entrepreneurialism and capitalism and risk taking, that that gives us an unbe-lievable strength in a global and world economy, but it has to be balanced off with the value and the notion that if you work hard and play by the rules that your Nation is there for you as well, and that you can’t retire into poverty after working all your life, that some calamity or misfortune, a disability, a tragic death can’t ruin you or your family because it is part of a larger family, the United States of America. 
God bless you. God bless America. 
Thank you for listening to this presen-tation. 
We have 56 original cosponsors of this 
bill, and we know all across this coun-try, the more that we talk about this straightforward, commonsense, prac-tical solution to Social Security, Americans are going to require that Congress steps up to the plate and meets its responsibility and obligation to make sure that no senior, no indi-vidual can retire into poverty, and the system that has worked so extraor-dinarily well for every American is there not only today and tomorrow, but well into the future without rais-ing the national debt and only calling upon Americans to do what they have done traditionally: contribute to a pro-gram that guarantees a secure retire-ment and pension and benefits that they will reap throughout a lifetime. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED JOINT 
RESOLUTION SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled joint resolution of the Senate of the following title: 
S.J. Res. 8. Joint Resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of foot 
surgery. ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, March 26, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 173. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other im-provements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings dur-ing the period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015 (Rept. 114–50). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and 
Mr. S MITH of Washington): 
H.R. 1597. A bill to reform the acquisition 
system of the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. C
OFF-
MAN, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 1598. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to amend the definition of the term ‘‘spouse’’ to recognize new State defini-tions of such term for the purpose of the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. POMPEO (for himself, Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
WHITFIELD , Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
Carolina, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N UNES , 
and Mr. B LUM): 
H.R. 1599. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or con-sisting of a bioengineered organism, the la-beling of natural foods, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
FARR, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
DOGGETT , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 1600. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to limit co- payment, coinsurance, or other cost-sharing requirements applicable to prescription drugs in a specialty drug tier to the dollar amount (or its equivalent) of such require-ments applicable to prescription drugs in a non-preferred brand drug tier, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LUCAS (for himself and Mr. 
H
ECKof Washington): 
H.R. 1601. A bill to clarify membership re-
quirements for the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1602. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nurse-to-patient staffing ratio re-quirements in hospitals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida): 
H.R. 1603. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve the private treatment of veterans who are victims of military sexual assault; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and 
Mr. O’R OURKE ): 
H.R. 1604. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand the eligibility of veterans to re-ceive mental health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.R. 1605. A bill to abolish the Export-Im-
port Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 1606. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a national inter-section and interchange safety construction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR7.091 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2032 March 25, 2015 
program, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. 
P
OLIQUIN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
DOLD, and Mr. G UINTA ): 
H.R. 1607. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the disability com-pensation evaluation procedure of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L ANCE , and Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 1608. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compres-sion treatment items as items of durable medical equipment; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-
er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. S
COTT 
of Virginia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): 
H.R. 1609. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to regulate tax return preparers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RIBBLE (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHRADER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B LACK , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RADY of 
Texas, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C AR-
TER of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAW-
SON of Florida, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R OD-
NEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D OLD, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. D UNCAN  
of South Carolina, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. H ENSARLING , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. H URTof Vir-
ginia, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OR-
DAN, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. L UM-
MIS, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
MCHENRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. R OSS, Mr. R YANof Wisconsin, Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. W ALDEN , Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. YOHO, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. 
ZINKE): 
H.R. 1610. A bill to establish biennial budg-
ets for the United States Government; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. 
C
RAMER , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 1611. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to physi-cian supervision of therapeutic hospital out-patient services; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
H
ARDY , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK ): 
H.R. 1612. A bill to amend the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to extend Interstate Route 11; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan (for 
himself and Mr. A
SHFORD ): 
H.R. 1613. A bill to reduce the operation 
and maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of re-manufactured parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Mr. 
W
ALZ, Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE ): 
H.R. 1614. A bill to modify and extend the 
National Guard State Partnership Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1615. A bill to direct the Chief FOIA 
Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. 
C
HAFFETZ , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD ): 
H.R. 1616. A bill to authorize the approval 
of natural gas pipelines and establish dead-lines and expedite permits for certain nat-ural gas gathering lines on Federal land and Indian land; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1617. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit certain State election administration officials from actively participating in electoral cam-paigns; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1618. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible vot-ers to vote by mail in Federal elections; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. 
PELOSI , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B EYER , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. W ALZ, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CLYBURN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OSTA , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. 
GRAHAM , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. H ECK of Washington, 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , 
Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICE 
of New York, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L ORETTA  
SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. 
VELA): 
H.R. 1619. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effec-tive remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MR7.100 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2033 March 25, 2015 
for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 1620. A bill to expedite the deploy-
ment of highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. FORBES (for himself and Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 1621. A bill to modify the boundary of 
Petersburg National Battlefield in the Com-monwealth of Virginia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. 
H
ULTGREN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , 
and Mr. M ASSIE ): 
H.R. 1622. A bill to provide a Federal char-
ter to the Fab Foundation for the National Fab Lab Network, a national network of local digital fabrication facilities providing community access to advanced manufac-turing tools for learning skills, developing inventions, creating businesses, and pro-ducing personalized products; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. W AGNER , 
and Mr. L UETKEMEYER ): 
H.R. 1623. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to increase the length of time for a certain permit; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M ULLIN , and Ms. 
SINEMA ): 
H.R. 1624. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small employer; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. 
W
OMACK , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York, and Mr. C LEAVER ): 
H.R. 1625. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit certain se-curities trading and related communications by those who possess material, nonpublic in-formation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1626. A bill to reduce duplication of 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Ms. 
W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 1627. A bill to modify the prohibition 
on recognition by United States courts of certain rights relating to certain marks, trade names, or commercial names; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. Z
ELDIN , 
and Mr. R IBBLE ): 
H.R. 1628. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in each Veterans Integrated Service Network a pain manage-ment board; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): 
H.R. 1629. A bill to amend the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): 
H.R. 1630. A bill to amend the National En-
ergy Conservation Policy Act to provide guidance on utility energy service contracts used by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and 
Mr. H
ARPER ): 
H.R. 1631. A bill to improve, coordinate, 
and enhance rehabilitation research at the National Institutes of Health; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. C OOK): 
H.R. 1632. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to place certain lands in Skagit and San Juan Counties, Washington, into trust for the Samish Indian Nation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
WALKER , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1633. A bill to provide for certain im-
provements relating to the tracking and re-porting of employees of the Department of Homeland Security placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for personnel matters, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1634. A bill to strengthen account-
ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. PERRY (for himself, Mr. A
US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. B ARR, Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OOPER , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
WOODALL , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN ): 
H.R. 1635. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mrs. 
C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York): 
H.R. 1636. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to conduct or support a comprehensive study comparing total health outcomes, including risk of au-tism, in vaccinated populations in the United States with such outcomes in unvaccinated populations in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Ms. 
MCSALLY ): 
H.R. 1637. A bill to require annual reports 
on the activities and accomplishments of federally funded research and development centers within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1638. A bill to assure that the services 
of a nonemergency department physician are available to hospital patients 24 hours a day, seven days a week in all non-Federal hos-pitals with at least 100 licensed beds; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1639. A bill to amend the charter 
school programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAUL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H URD of 
Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 1640. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Department of Homeland Secu-rity headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H. Con. Res. 29. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the disparate impact of climate change on women and the efforts of women globally to address climate change; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H. Res. 171. A resolution electing Members 
to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library and the Joint Committee on Print-ing; to the Committee on House Administra-tion. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 172. A resolution electing a Member 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, and Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H. Res. 174. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of March as ‘‘National Mul-tiple Myeloma Awareness Month‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H.R. 1597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution, and Section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
By Mr. POMPEO: 
H.R. 1599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY: 
H.R. 1600. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25MR7.100 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2034 March 25, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. LUCAS: 
H.R. 1601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution states that Congress shall have the power to ‘‘to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution states the Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1602. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 12 and 13, 
which gives Congress the power ‘‘To raise and support Armies,’’ and ‘‘To provide and maintain a Navy. 
By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: 
H.R. 1604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. AMASH: 
H.R. 1605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Export-Import Bank is purported to be 
authorized under the congressional power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions’’ in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that ex-ceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional authority. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 1606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7— The Congress shall have Power . . . To es-
tablish Post Offices and Post Roads 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 1607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section I, Article 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States 
By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 1608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States).’’ 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 1609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.R. 1610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 9, clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 1611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses: 
1) ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . 
provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
3) ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
7) ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post 
Roads’’ 
18) ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 1613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. BORDALLO: 
H.R. 1614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 16 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 1615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 1616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States, as enumerated in Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Leg-islature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regula-tions . . .’’ By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding 
Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Leg-islature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regula-tions . . .’’ 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 1619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 1620. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 
By Mr. FORBES: 
H.R. 1621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3 and Article, Section 
8, Clause 18 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1622. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 1623. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have the power 
t o ....  provide for the common defense and 
general welfare of the United States’’ 
Congress enacted the Federal Water Pollu-
tion Control Act to help set water quality standards and permitting requirements. Making adjustments to this process, which provides for the general welfare, falls within Congress’ authority to legislative on items affecting the general welfare. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. HIMES: 
H.R. 1625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas: 
H.R. 1626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 1627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3, ‘‘to regulate 
Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ and Article 1, Section 8, clause 8, ‘‘to promote the Progress of Science and use-ful Arts, by securing for limited Times to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.042 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2035 March 25, 2015 
Authors and Inventors the exclusive Rights 
to their respective Writings and Discov-eries,’’ 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 1628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 1629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 1630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 1632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK: 
H.R. 1633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. M
CSALLY: 
H.R. 1634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 1635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 1636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: 
The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.R. 1637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: 
H.R. 1638. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1639. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 1640. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 2: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
and Mr. H ECKof Nevada. 
H.R. 12: Mr. W ALZ, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. 
VELA. 
H.R. 27: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 140: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 217: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
HENSARLING . 
H.R. 232: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 237: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 335: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 444: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 448: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. 
TEDLIEU, of California. 
H.R. 471: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 499: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 500: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 501: Mr. N EAL, Ms. E STY, and Mrs. 
BEATTY . 
H.R. 509: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 592: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 595: Mr. P ALMER and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 601: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 610: Mr. S ALMON and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 619: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 653: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 662: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 663: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 670: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 685: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 721: Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 727: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 742: Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 767: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
PAYNE . 
H.R. 825: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 829: Mr. W ALZand Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 842: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 868: Mr. L AMALFA and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 902: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 906: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 919: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 940: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. H ILL, Mr. B ILI-RAKIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. B ROOKS  
of Indiana, and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 969: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. G UINTA , 
and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 985: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 1002: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1058: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1096: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1105: Mr. H ARDY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. P OMPEO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1125: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1161: Ms. L EE, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. F ARR, Mr. V EASEY , and 
Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1180: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1193: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. H ANNA , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1206: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. 
ZINKE. 
H.R. 1210: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. B ROOKS  
of Indiana, and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1212: Mr. D ENTand Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKAI, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. 
SMITH of Texas. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. P ETERS on. 
H.R. 1249: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1259: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1265: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M ESSER , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1271: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1282: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
WALBERG . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. P IERLUISI and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 1323: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 1339: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 1340: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. D ENT, 
Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 1349: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1365: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
COLLINS of New York, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1384: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1389: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1391: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. K USTER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H ARDY , and Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1404: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1408: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1415: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1416: Mr. B UCHANAN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 1458: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1460: Ms. S PEIER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.045 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2036 March 25, 2015 
H.R. 1465: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 1470: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 1484: Mr. H ARDY . 
H.R. 1488: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1498: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 1500: Mr. W ALZand Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1502: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1506: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 1515: Mr. S ARBANES and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1527: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1528: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1550: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. L EWIS, Miss R ICEof New York, 
and Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 1560: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1579: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BURGESS , and Mr. P OMPEO . H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. F LORES . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B OU-
STANY , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. O LSON , and Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona. 
H. Res. 28: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H. Res. 67: Ms. E STY. 
H. Res. 139: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 156: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP  
The provisions in Section 524 that war-
ranted a referral to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources in H.R. 2, ‘‘To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving 
physician payments and making other im-provements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 612: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR7.039 H25MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1833 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 2015 No. 50 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Mighty God, Creator of Heaven and 
Earth, thank You for the honor of being made in Your image, personally formed by You for Your glory. 
Today, shower Your grace upon our 
lawmakers, making them sufficient for these grand and challenging times. Lord, inspire them to walk humbly with You as You bless and strengthen them. Please don’t remove the moun-tains in their lives, but give them the 
strength to climb them. May they not forget that in everything You are working for the good of those who love You and are called according to Your purposes. Give our Senators the in-sight, wisdom, and courage to serve Your purpose for their lives in this gen-eration. 
And, Lord, we ask that You would 
comfort the families of the victims of the plane crash in the French Alps. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
A BALANCED BUDGET 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
week, the Senate will pass a balanced budget. It is an important moment for 
our country. I know a lot of Americans are excited to see it finally happen. 
Our friends across the aisle don’t 
seem to be sharing in the enthusiasm, however. Instead, we seem to hear de-mands for more taxes, more regula-tions, more overspending—basically, more failed policies of the past. 
These are odd demands, but in the 
spirit of budget week, we figured: Why not give our friends what they are ask-ing for? So last night we offered them a chance to support President Obama’s budget. It drops tax after tax on the American people to the tune of almost $2 trillion. It piles on the regulations. It overspends by trillions and trillions, never balancing, ever—never bal-ancing, ever. 
No wonder a DC newspaper implied it 
was a manifestation of the left’s ‘‘dream version of Obama.’’ 
One would think our friends would 
have supported this dream budget over-whelmingly but, actually, hardly any were brave enough to do so. Appar-ently, the President’s budget is just so unserious and embarrassing that only a single Member of his party could be seen supporting it in public. 
What a contrast to the balanced 
budget before us today. It balances without raising taxes. It acknowledges the obvious truth that Washington has a spending problem and takes respon-sible action to get spending under con-trol. 
It also recognizes the undeniable fact 
that government programs cannot meet their mandate to the vulnerable if left unreformed, and it proposes im-provements to programs such as Med-icaid. 
This balanced budget aims to make 
government more efficient, more effec-tive, and more accountable. It will go a long way toward getting our fiscal house in order. 
But that is not all this balanced 
budget is about. It is also about grow-ing the economy. It is also about rais-ing incomes. It is also about creating 
jobs. In short, it is about promoting an economy that works better for the middle class of today and that leaves a more prosperous future for the middle class of tomorrow. 
One way to do that is by embracing 
the energy revolution by lifting bar-riers to responsible energy develop-ment, just as this budget proposes. An-other way is by replacing our outdated and ineffective Tax Code with one that is simple and effective. So this budget proposes to repeal unfair taxes, such as those in ObamaCare, and then sets the table for comprehensive tax reform in-stead. 
Ideas such as these are just common 
sense. No wonder the nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office says that our balanced budget would accelerate eco-nomic growth. 
The truth is middle-class Americans 
have seen a lot of unfairness out of Washington during the Obama years. The middle class has had to play by one set of rules and make tough choices while a big-spending Obama ad-ministration got to play by its own rules. 
It is time for that inequality to come 
to an end. It is time for Washington to make tough choices and balance its own budget just as the middle class has to. 
Now is the time for Washington to 
move beyond failed ideas of the past, as we saw in the White House’s leftwing dream budget, and support a balanced budget instead—one that is focused on boosting the economy, creating jobs, and raising wages. 
That balanced budget is before us 
right now. I am calling on every Sen-ator to support it, including our friends on the other side. We know they don’t have a budget proposal of their own. We know they are too embarrassed to support the President’s budget. So why not show their support for the middle class by voting for this balanced budg-et proposal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.000 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1834 March 25, 2015 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
PAST ATTEMPTS AT DEFICIT 
REDUCTION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
give those within the sound of my 
voice a very brief tutorial on how seri-ous the Republicans are about bal-ancing the budget. 
I led a trip to South America. We had 
10 or 12 Senators, equally divided be-tween Democrats and Republicans. It was a wonderful trip. I chose purposely Kent Conrad, who was the No. 1 person on the Democratic side of the aisle at the time on numbers, and I also de-cided to see if Judd Gregg, who was the Republican’s No. 1 person on numbers, could go. These two good men sat to-gether that whole trip, hour after hour. They had their yellow tablets, and they were doing what they loved to do—play around with numbers. 
When the trip ended, they had an 
idea. They were both experienced legis-lators. They had been here when we did something that hadn’t been done be-fore. We had military bases in America going back to World War I that should have been closed, but we couldn’t do it because of the politics of the Senate. But we decided long ago to try some-thing different. We appointed a com-mission, they would report back to the Senate and the House, and they would make a decision as to which bases should be closed—no filibuster, no tricky procedural rules; yes or no on what they recommended. We did two rounds of base closings and we closed scores of bases, saving the country bil-lions of dollars. 
Conrad and Judd decided to do the 
same thing with this deficit we have. They drafted legislation based on the base closing commission legislation, and they brought it before the Senate. It had a like number of Democrats and Republicans supporting this Conrad- Gregg legislation. We had seven Repub-lican cosponsors. Even the Republican leader today, at that time didn’t co-sponsor it, but he said he liked it. He said publicly that he liked it. In fact, he said: ‘‘This proposal is our best hope for addressing the out-of-control spend-ing and debt levels that are threat-ening our Nation’s fiscal future.’’ 
What a tremendous idea. I was so 
happy to have had something to do with setting this program up. 
But look at what happened. Seven of 
those Republicans who cosponsored the legislation voted against proceeding to it. We couldn’t even get on the bill be-cause the Republicans ran away from it. They ran away from doing some-thing about the deficit. Why? Ask them. I have ideas, but that is the way it is. Even my friend, the now Repub-lican leader, voted against it. It failed by 7 votes—7 votes of the Republicans who cosponsored it but who no longer voted for it. So, based upon that, we were in a 
quandary. What should we do? So a number of us, Democrats and Repub-licans, asked President Obama if he could do something with a commission of his own. Now, it wouldn’t be as good as what we had tried because that was pretty specific—to bring it back for an up-or-down vote. 
So the President did what was the 
right thing to do. He found two stun-ningly good people who are good with money, good with numbers, including the former Senator from the State of Wyoming, who is such a great guy, Senator Simpson. He is just a fine man with a great sense of humor, and he knew his numbers. Senator Simpson teamed with Erskine Bowles, who had been the President’s Chief of Staff. They set up the Bowles-Simpson Com-mission. It was terrific. It gave us some hope that maybe something could be done. They had long hearings. It was really good. The hearings included peo-ple from the private sector and from the House and the Senate—Democrats and Republicans. 
Now, even before that, when the Con-
rad-Judd effort failed, we thought that we had some hope. Once again, the Re-publicans on the Bowles-Simpson Com-mission walked away from it. It really is unfortunate, but that is what hap-pened. It was quite interesting. People who had been criticized over the years for being too liberal, big spenders— someone such as D
ICKDURBIN from Illi-
nois—voted for the Bowles-Simpson Commission. It took a lot of courage for him to do that, but he did. But Re-publicans who we thought would have been for it voted against it, and it failed. 
Then, Senator B
IDEN, because of his 
close relationship having served in the Senate for 36 years, got with some Re-publicans, and they made a run at it. There were all kinds of press that they were making progress. What happened? The Republicans took a hike. They broke up the meeting, wouldn’t go any further, and that ended that. 
So then, we had one last attempt. I 
worked hard on this. Others worked hard on this. It passed. It passed the Congress. We set up a supercommittee: the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction. The committee had an equal number of Democrats and Repub-licans—six of each. What happened? The Republicans, once again, walked away from it. 
So all of this happy talk I heard this 
morning and I am going to hear over this week and over the next couple of days about this great budget the Re-publicans have is an absolute farce. Pundits have written accordingly. Talk about a balanced budget—they have revenue coming in. One example—of course, Republicans want to repeal ObamaCare, but they want to use the revenue coming from ObamaCare for this fake budget of theirs. 
Any time the Republicans are asked 
to close tax breaks for companies ship-ping jobs overseas—no—but they are happy to cut Social Security, Medi-
care, and of course, never focus on mid-dle class priorities. They use the words, but it is just a joke. They want a loop-hole for wealthy hedge fund managers. They want unlimited tax breaks for the oil and gas industry. In this budget, they have not asked millionaires and billionaires to pay one extra penny. 
So all this talk about this great 
budget we have is an absolute farce. There are editorials all over the coun-try. I read a number of them yesterday, what they say about this. 
f 
ANTIQUITIES ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I know peo-
ple are anxious to go to work on other things, but I want to talk about some-thing called the Antiquities Act. It passed in 1906. President Theodore Roo-sevelt was the President at the time. Congress wanted to give him the au-thority to designate special lands and cultural resources as national monu-ments, and he did that. Since then, 16 Presidents—8 Democrats and 8 Repub-licans—have used this 1906 act to pro-tect America’s treasures. 
For example, way back in 1922, Presi-
dent Harding used the Antiquities Act to protect the Lehman Caves. It is now a beautiful facility. I have been down there. They are certainly not the deep-est or the biggest caves in the world, but they are unique and good, and we have enjoyed them in Nevada. That was the basis for the 1986 legislation I initiated to create a national park in Nevada. The only national park we have in Nevada is the result of the 1922 action of President Harding. That is why we have Great Basin National Park. It is a wonderful facility. It has a glacier, the oldest living things in the world, the bristlecone pines. It is a great park, and people from all over the world visit this wonderful facility. So Nevada’s lone national park exists today because President Harding used the Antiquities Act to first designate the Lehman Caves. 
Some Members of Congress—frankly, 
it is a minority—believe we should re-peal or gut this bill. They advocate weakening the Presidential authority that in the past has protected the Grand Canyon and even the Statue of Liberty. Who in this body thinks America has suffered because Presi-dents in the past have protected the Petrified Forest in Arizona, the Craters of the Moon in Idaho, and Capitol Reef, Bryce Canyon, and Arches in Utah? I have been to all of them, and even though Utah is an extremely conserv-ative State, I have not heard one single Member of Congress or governmental authority say they were a huge mis-take. They draw millions of visitors to the State of Utah with the beautiful lands they have there. What about Muir Woods in California? It is just stunningly important, and it came about as a result of a President desig-nating them a national treasure under the Antiquities Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.002 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1835 March 25, 2015 
Sixteen Presidents—eight of each 
party—have used this act to protect America’s treasures. 
I am proud of what President Obama 
has been able to accomplish through the work he has done under the Antiq-uities Act. He has moved where Con-gress has failed to act. 
Caesar Chavez and the Chicano labor 
movement were honored by creating the Caesar Chavez National Monument in California. 
He protected Fort Monroe in Virginia 
in recognition of its storied history in defense of our Nation and the struggle for freedom for African Americans. It is a beautiful facility. 
We have in Honolulu the Honouliuli 
National Monument to remember the terrible internment of Japanese Ameri-cans during World War II. 
Last month, President Obama pro-
tected by proclamation Pullman Na-tional Monument, which celebrates the history of the African-American labor movement in America. 
As a westerner, I appreciate what he 
has done to protect America’s beautiful landscapes, such as the Rio Grande Del Norte and the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monuments in New Mexico, the Browns Canyon National Monument in Colorado, and western landscapes in California, Washington, and Hawaii. 
This is something which is so impor-
tant to be done, so I am disappointed that I hear that on the budget bill there is going to be an effort made to cut the Antiquities Act. I hope not. I absolutely will do everything I can to protect this act. It has been in law since 1906 and has been used by 16 Presidents. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. Con. Res. 11, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) 
setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
Pending: 
Cotton amendment No. 481, to establish a 
deficit-neutral fund relating to supporting Israel. 
Enzi (for Kirk) amendment No. 545, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relat-ing to reimposing waived sanctions and im-posing new sanctions against Iran for viola-tions of the Joint Plan of Action or a com-prehensive nuclear agreement. 
Rounds/Inhofe amendment No. 412, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to pre-vent the Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service from engaging in closed-door settle-ment agreements that ignore impacted 
States and counties. 
Rubio modified amendment No. 423, to in-
crease new budget authority fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budg-et function 050). 
Daines amendment No. 388, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the designation of national monuments. 
Daines amendment No. 389, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to hold-ing Members of the Senate and the House of Representatives accountable for failing to pass a balanced budget. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 10:30 a.m. will be equally divided and con-trolled by the two managers or their designees. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, first of 
all, I wish to thank Chairman E
NZIfor 
his courtesy in allowing me to take a few minutes to discuss a bipartisan amendment I will be offering on this bill. It deals with what I think is going to be an enormous challenge this sum-mer for the West, and that is dealing with this wildfire challenge and the prospect that we could literally have enormous fires—what could be vir-tually infernos—throughout the West this summer. 
I make that judgment because re-
cently when I was home, I got a brief-ing. For example, in Medford, OR, they told me it was the driest it had been for 25 years. In Medford, when you get an update on the fires—and, colleagues, it is worth noting that nobody used to have a fire briefing in March. That is just unheard of. We have fire briefings well into the summer. But fires are getting to be a year-round occurrence. I was there in March, and the fire ex-perts said it is going to be very dry. When you look southward to Cali-fornia, all you see is dry, dry, dry. 
The fact is that as it gets drier and as 
it gets hotter on the forest floor, should lightning strike, which is very common in rural America, all of a sud-den you can have an inferno on your hands and one that really knows no boundaries and can affect private prop-erty owners, State lands, and Federal lands. We had an important hearing in the Energy and Natural Resources Committee the other day on the sports-men’s bill. It looked as if there were a lot of good ideas in the bipartisan bill, but it will be pretty hard to go hunting and fishing in the forests this summer if the forests are burning up. 
So what a bipartisan group of us 
from the West want to do—and I par-ticularly commend our colleague Sen-ator C
RAPO of Idaho. He and I have 
teamed up on this effort. We have a large bipartisan coalition of Senators who have joined us. We want to fix the broken system of fighting wildfire in America. 
What happens today, colleagues, is 
that the accounts for prevention get short shrift. In effect, the work that needs to be done with the smaller trees and thinning out the underbrush doesn’t get the funding that is needed, 
so what happens is, as a result of the lack of prevention, you have these big-ger fires and you have to put them out. The accounts for dealing with fire sup-pression are also short of money, so what happens at that point is the agen-cies borrow from the prevention fund to put the fire out, and the problem just gets worse and worse. 
So what Senator C
RAPO and I, with, 
as I have indicated, a large bipartisan coalition of Senators, are seeking to do is to end that kind of fire borrowing. What we are proposing is that the big-gest fires—perhaps the 1 percent of the fires that really turn into infernos— you would fight those from the disaster fund because they are, in fact, disas-ters. 
We have received an analysis from 
the budget officials indicating that this would really be a wash from a budg-eting standpoint because, in effect, while you do spend a bit of money from the disaster fund putting out these in-fernos, you also generate some real savings from the prevention fund by not having as many fires in the first place. 
What our bipartisan amendment will 
do is give the Departments of Agri-culture and Interior the opportunity to access the disaster fund for that 1 per-cent of the fires that can really break a community apart. It seems to me that Americans across the country who live in communities where there are these fires deserve to know their homes and lives are not going to be threat-ened needlessly. That is what we will be able to prevent with this bipartisan amendment. 
Freeing up the Forest Service funds 
that our proposal will do will ensure that the natural resources agencies have the resources they need to im-prove forest health and fund the very preventive work that is needed to re-duce the size and severity of future fires. 
We are going to be joined in this 
amendment. As I have indicated, Sen-ator C
RAPO and I base it on our bipar-
tisan bill. Senators S TABENOW and 
BALDWIN will be cosponsors, and I be-
lieve others will as well. 
It is an important amendment and it 
is an urgent amendment because we need to have this in place quickly so as to give the natural resources agencies and our communities the tools they need this summer. 
It is a real wake-up call when you get 
a fire briefing in March. That is an in-dication that we have a very, very dif-ficult fire season coming up. This bi-partisan amendment ensures that in a cost-effective way we give our natural resources agencies the tools they need to fight these infernos and protect our communities. 
Once again, I thank the distinguished 
chairman of the committee, Senator E
NZI, for giving me this time. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.009 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1836 March 25, 2015 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the 
Senator from Oregon for his comments. 
One of the things that has concerned 
me since I came to the Senate is the fact that, in my first year alone, I be-lieve we spent about $3 billion in dis-aster relief. Subsequently, it increased to $5 billion for disasters per year, and now it is about $7 billion in disasters a year. As an accountant, one of the things I have always said is, if you know something is going to happen, you ought to put it in the budget. So now you will find that there is $7 bil-lion in disaster relief funding for each of the 10 years in this budget. Using these funds for fires and major disas-ters sounds like a good idea to me. 
I am a little bit rankled when I hear 
somebody say this budget is a farce. It 
is as good an effort as a person can put together in 6 weeks when there hasn’t been one for 8 years. That effort in-volves a lot of research, going back to find out where the problems were, why it wasn’t done, and what needed to be done. I am pleased with the budget. But, of course, the reason we have this process—in which we had the com-mittee mark-up last week and consid-ered a number of amendments and now will consider many more amendments here on the floor—is so that everybody can participate in seeing if we can complete the budget. It won’t be per-fect when we finish, but it will be bet-ter than it is right now, and it will be better when we start tomorrow morn-ing. 
Before we continue consideration of 
our balanced budget resolution today, I think it is worthwhile to reflect on what we accomplished yesterday for America’s hard-working families. It was a good day yesterday as we ap-proved amendments to prevent work-place retaliation against employees who ask or talk about salaries; to op-pose cuts to Medicaid; to coordinate care for medically complex children with multiple serious, rare, or chronic illnesses; and to help our veterans gain timely access to health care. As Sen-ator A
YOTTE said yesterday, her 
amendment would ‘‘ensure veterans don’t have to wait in line, that they can exercise private care options when they want to.’’ I am proud to say that is something we all support. 
The debate this week is a unique op-
portunity for hard-working taxpayers to see an open and transparent legisla-tive process, with Members from both sides of the aisle offering, debating, and voting on amendments to this res-olution. This is something we haven’t had in the past 8 years, and I think Members are energized to be able to do what they were sent here to do—the people’s business. 
Among the topics we will consider 
today are: enhancing America’s energy security, protecting personal property rights from such agencies as the EPA, defending taxpayers against efforts to impose a carbon tax, helping veterans get better access to VA medical facili-ties, simplifying student loan repay-ment options, and saving Medicare. I again thank Members for offering 
amendments that will help make our government more efficient, effective, and accountable to America’s hard- working taxpayers. It is what the American people want and deserve. 
I look forward to a strong and vig-
orous debate about our policies today. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 347 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and that I be allowed to call up my amendment No. 347 and that the amendment be made pending. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wyoming [Mr. B AR-
RASSO ], for himself, Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. 
MORAN , proposes an amendment numbered 
347. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund to keep the Federal Water Pol-lution Control Act focused on protection of water quality, to establish bright lines for Federal jurisdiction, and to create clear and unambiguous exemptions for features that the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency or the Sec-retary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, claim they are not seeking to regulate) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO KEEPING THE FED-ERAL WATER POLLUTION CONTROL ACT FOCUSED ON THE PROTECTION OF WATER QUALITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal jurisdic-tion under the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is focused on water quality, which may include limiting jurisdiction based on the movement of birds, mammals, or insects through the air or over the land, the movement of water through the ground, or the movement of rainwater or snowmelt over the land, or limiting jurisdic-tion over puddles, isolated ponds, roadside ditches, irrigation ditches, stormwater sys-tems, wastewater systems, or water delivery, reuse, or reclamation systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this 
amendment that was just called up and made pending deals with the regula-tions the Obama administration has 
proposed that would expand the Clean Water Act. The rule is an attempt to change the definition of what the law calls waters of the United States. 
The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy and the Army Corps of Engineers first proposed the rule last year. They expect to have it finalized in the next few months. Well, under this rule, the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’ would include ditches, would include dry areas where water flows only for a short period of time after it rains. 
Federal regulations have never be-
fore listed ditches and other manmade features as ‘‘waters of the United States.’’ This would be an alarming step. It would have a huge impact on farmers, ranchers, families, and small businesses all across America. People whose livelihood requires that they put a shovel in the ground would suddenly find it much more difficult to make a living. The rule would amount to a tax on family farmers and ranchers to use their own land after it rains. These are people who just want to grow crops, raise cattle, take care of their families, maybe even just enjoy their own back-yards. I hear this every weekend at home in Wyoming. I heard about it today from students from Lusk, WY, in Niobrara County. Now, Washington bu-reaucrats would have a say in how all of these people use their property. 
I oppose this rule. I would like to see 
it scrapped entirely. That is why last year I introduced the Protecting Water and Property Rights Act of 2014 to block the rule, to roll back this dan-gerous Washington overreach. 
My bill had 38 cosponsors in the Sen-
ate, Members who heard from their constituents back home about how worried they were about this harmful new rule. We heard from business own-ers, who told us the uncertainty the rule creates only delays economic in-vestment and delays job creation. Well, the Environmental Protection Agency says our concerns are overblown. The administration says there is a lot of misunderstanding about what this reg-ulation covers. 
Gina McCarthy, the Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, gave a speech last week. She said, ‘‘We’re not interested in the vast ma-jority of ditches—roadside ditches, irri-gation ditches—those were never cov-ered.’’ She also went on to say that the Agency could have been, as she said, ‘‘more crystal clear out of the gate about what we were and were not pro-posing.’’ 
Well, my amendment would help 
make sure this rule is crystal clear. It simply lists things that the Environ-mental Protection Agency Adminis-trator and others in the Obama admin-istration have already said would not be regulated under this proposed rule. That is it. 
My amendment would put limits on 
how the Environmental Protection Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.011 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1837 March 25, 2015 
determines the extent of Washington 
control. The limits would include not allowing the agencies to control water based on the movement of birds, mam-mals, or insects. 
The amendment would prevent deter-
minations based upon the movement of water through the ground or the move-ment of rainwater or snowmelt over the land. 
Finally, my amendment would spe-
cifically say that Federal jurisdiction under the Water Pollution Control Act does not extend to things such as pud-dles, isolated ponds, roadside ditches, and wastewater systems. The Obama administration has said it does not in-tend for its rules to cover any of these features. Well, this amendment spells it out. There will be no more room for uncertainty and no more room for mis-understandings. It will then be crystal clear. 
Of course, some people may not want 
the rule to be crystal clear. They may want to have some uncertainty in the rule. They may want to have unac-countable, unelected bureaucrats in Washington to be able to change their minds and then go back on their word—as we have seen them do in the past—about what the regulation covers and what it does not. If there is a Sen-ator here who favors that kind of un-certainty, then they can vote against my amendment. 
As I said, I have been opposed to this 
rule from the very beginning. This amendment does not block the rule, and it does nothing to prohibit the En-vironmental Protection Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers from regu-lating the true waters of the United States. It simply takes the administra-tion at their word. If they say the rule is not meant to cover something, this just spells it out. 
I urge Senators to vote in favor of 
this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, before I 
begin my remarks, will the Chair no-tify me when I have used 5 minutes of time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise 
today in opposition to the budget reso-lution offered by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This budget charts the wrong path for our Nation. It does not spur economic growth or help the middle class because it does not focus on creating high-quality jobs, boosting wages, or reducing inequality. It fails to address the cuts to govern-ment investments, which threatens our Nation’s economic and national secu-rity. Instead, this budget stacks the deck against middle-class families by slashing government investments. It stacks the deck in favor of special in-terests by paving the way for huge tax giveaways to powerful special interests and the wealthiest Americans. 
In order to claim the budget will bal-
ance in 10 years, it relies on accounting gimmicks and $5.8 trillion in draconian 
cuts. It kicks millions off the health insurance rolls and dismantles health care reform. But, ironically, it takes credit for the savings that are part and parcel of the Affordable Care Act, all the while setting the stage for massive tax cuts for millionaires and billion-aires. 
It would also put powerful special in-
terests ahead of seniors by forcing Medicare recipients to pay more for prescription drugs and preventive care. It does not provide adequate safeguards for Social Security and Medicare. By saying no to closing egregious tax loop-holes, it only increases the pressure to cut programs for seniors and others. 
You know, frankly, we have been 
talking for years here in Washington about the deficit. But, this budget pro-posed by my colleagues has a credi-bility deficit. So I think most of the observers and commentators are look-ing and saying: Well, that is impos-sible. No one is going to believe that you can repeal the Affordable Care Act but keep the savings. No one is going to believe you can do all of those things and still continue to keep a straight face. 
So I think the credibility of the 
budget is highly questionable. 
We should have engaged in a bal-
anced approach to growing our econ-omy and towards fiscal responsibility. A balanced approach requires not only making wise reductions in spending, but it also requires raising revenue. That is the way most government enti-ties operate. Mayors and Governors have to do it, and they do it, but here, we are avoiding very difficult, tough choices. 
It is obvious there are things that 
have to be done. They cannot be wished away. Look at our crumbling infra-structure. As I drive around Rhode Is-land and the Northeast after a series of storms, I see the worst highway situa-tion I think I recall in perhaps my life-time, but at least in a long time. Pot-holes and disruptions are all over our roads. Americans expect it will be fixed, but you cannot fix it simply by wishing, you have to have the re-sources and the investment to make those corrections. 
As we go forward, it is important to 
go ahead and deal with all of these issues in a balanced way—not through creative accounting techniques but by making difficult choices. Programs that are not working should be cut back. Revenue should be provided for investment in this country. That is what I think we should and we must do. 
I have been particularly active with 
my colleague Senator M
CCAINon the 
Armed Services Committee because the Defense Department is facing serious financial challenges. All of our service sectors have warned that if sequestra-tion remains in place, if the Budget Control Act remains in place, together they will not provide the resources nec-essary to adequately fund the readi-ness, the modernization of our forces 
and the welfare of our forces. 
Admiral Gortney, for example, who is 
the commander of NORTHCOM, has made this point along with everyone else, but he also went further to make the point that I think is critical when we are talking about defense and non-defense spending. You cannot draw this bright line between the Department of Defense and everybody else in terms of our national security. NORTHCOM, which is responsible for our security in the United States, depends upon border control agents at our border. They de-pend upon the Department of Home-land Security. If that agency is not adequately funded, if they are suffering through sequestration and the BCA levels, then we will not have the kind of national security we need. If it translates to further cuts in TSA agents at our airports, that will under-mine our security. 
So this notion that we can draw a 
nice neat line between the Department of Defense and give them some more money through different techniques but ignore the other side of the equa-tion does not work. 
One of the most significant examples 
comes from General John Kelly of Southern Command. They have the ca-pability of, through satellite imagery, through other intelligence means, identifying these fast boats coming out of South America that have drugs and might have human cargo, possibly ter-rorists. Knowing where they are and where they are headed is fine, but un-less you have Coast Guard cutters to intercept them, you will not interdict this traffic. As a result, what we will have is a hole in our national security. The Coast Guard cutters come from the Department of Homeland Security. 
So I know there has been an effort to 
use the Overseas Contingency Oper-ation Fund. Senator G
RAHAM , in par-
ticular, has been very, very aggressive with that. But I will try to explain later, if not now: There are limitations. This fund is directed at our operations against Al Qaeda and the Taliban under the authorization for the use of military force. To try to stretch this to build facilities in Alaska for missile de-fense—that is quite a stretch. That is not what OCO was designed for. 
I think it has become a valiant effort 
to put more money in, but the reality is, we have to face up, as Senator M
CCAINand I suggested in our letter to 
the Budget Committee, and raise the baseline number for the Department of Defense to a total—at least to a total that avoids sequestration or beyond. That is a realistic way to do it, and revenue is a way to pay for it. And I don’t think the cuts should come out of nondefense to fund defense. This is an issue—again, are you going to short-change Homeland Security? Are you going to shortchange other agencies that are critical to the defense of the United States? Are you going to short-change the people of the United States? I do not think we should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.003 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1838 March 25, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, what is the 
pending business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
pending business is amendment No. 347. 
AMENDMENT NO . 622 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside in order for me to call up amendment No. 622. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
BURR], for himself, Mr. K ING, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. 
AYOTTE , proposes an amendment numbered 
622. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to manageable Federal student loan repayment options) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO A SIMPLIFIED IN-COME-DRIVEN STUDENT LOAN RE-PAYMENT OPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping stu-dent loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan re-payment option by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise 
today to offer a deficit-neutral reserve fund amendment to the budget that will allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to revise allocations to pro-vide for a simplified income-driven re-payment program for Federal student loans. 
This budget amendment is offered 
with the hope that it would allow for legislation similar to the Repay Act, which I introduced earlier in this Con-gress with Senator K
ING, Senator 
ALEXANDER , Senator W ARNER , Senator 
SHAHEEN , Senator A YOTTE , Senator 
RUBIO, Senator C APITO , Senator C OL-
LINS, and Senator C ARPER . 
I wish to spend a moment telling my 
colleagues what the Repay Act would do. 
It is very simple. It would streamline 
the numerous loan repayment pro-grams into two easily understood op-tions for those who take out student loans. 
No. 1, it would create a fixed repay-
ment program similar to the current law’s 10-year standard repayment. No. 2, it would create a new sim-
plified income-driven repayment pro-gram that consolidates numerous in-come-based programs into one pro-gram. 
As we know today, students who go 
to college have to take out a number of different loans. It is confusing in the system to know exactly what that re-payment system looks like—especially for somebody who is trying to deter-mine their job opportunities and the income they need to meet their debt. This allows consolidation and sim-plification so that if students under-stand exactly what their exposure is al-most from the very beginning, they would be left with a simple set of choices upon graduation. Do I choose a fixed payment plan that would pay off my loans in a straight 10 years? Or do I take the simplified income-driven re-payment plan, pay a little longer, and have the remaining loan balance for-given after 20 or 25 years, depending upon whether it is undergraduate or graduate loans? 
Now, this is important for a few rea-
sons, which I will illustrate from the quotes that have been made by many associations and financial aid adminis-trators who endorsed the Repay Act. 
They say, No. 1: ‘‘Consolidating the 
various federal income-based programs into a single plan will help borrowers understand the benefits and protec-tions inherent in our federal student loan system . . .’’ 
No. 2: 
Despite many protections in [existing] re-
payment plans, a frustrating number of stu-dent loan borrowers continue to default. This is due in part to the fact that the op-tions require borrowers to take proactive and cumbersome steps to enroll. 
And, No. 3: ‘‘This proposal to collapse 
the different plans into one single in-come-based repayment plan should help ease the enrollment process for borrowers.’’ 
Not only does it sort out the repay-
ment obligations that a student has, it makes the enrollment easier. And this comes from the individuals who are re-sponsible for the implementation of these programs. 
Those quotes are from associations 
representing financial aid administra-tors across the country. They are peo-ple who are on the frontlines of helping students as they prepare for payment after college. We should listen to them, and I say that strongly to my col-leagues. We should listen to them. 
The other benefits of this legislation 
is that students will know, prior to en-tering college, based on the amount that they borrow, what options will be available to them once they graduate from college. I know that seems like common sense to a lot of folks, but if you haven’t been through the student loan process today, then you don’t re-alize they don’t have that clarity today—as they enter college—that this will allow them to have. 
This will promote better consumer 
behavior. It will lessen the chance stu-dents default based upon the confusion 
of the viable options that they have available to them. 
Now, I would think, from policy-
makers, our intent would always be, No. 1: Does the plan fit the need of the individuals to whom it is targeted? Clearly the student loan program does, but, No. 2: Have we done this in a way that is simple, understandable, and workable? 
If we can’t answer that question, and 
we don’t check that box, the likelihood is that the net result is that we have defaults, individuals who don’t live up to repaying their obligation. When a student graduates, they face up to 12 repayment options available to them, all with some overlapping purpose or benefit and with great complexity in how you actually sign up for the op-tions. 
Again, with the Repay Act, there are 
two options: 10 years straight repay-ment or a repayment that is structured based on what your income is. 
Senator K
INGand I think the Repay 
Act makes for good policy, but we think it makes for bad policy to have 12 cumbersome options that overlap in some cases. 
Based on some preliminary scores 
from CBO and estimates from Presi-dent Obama—since he has proposed much of what we do in the Repay Act— we believe this legislation will save in the area of $4 billion over the next 10 years and $1 billion to $2 billion over the next 5 years. That is up to $6 bil-lion in savings in the student loan pro-gram that we could pump back into ad-ditional loan value for students in the future. 
Now, unlike other options we have, 
which we will be voting on today, that cost money—and pay for it by raising taxes—we save money by making our program more efficient and better suit-ed for students’ needs. 
I say this to my colleagues who 
might be asking: How do I vote? I have to tell you: You have to wait to have a comparison bill. There will be one. 
I want you to ask yourselves: Which 
one saves $4 billion, and which one costs more money? Which one uses the allocations that are currently there, and which one raises taxes to put in place a new plan? 
This amendment and the Repay Act 
is bipartisan—overwhelmingly so. If the bipartisan list of cosponsors to the Repay Act isn’t enough, many of the recommendations that are formed in this legislation came from the Presi-dent’s very own budget. 
This legislation also has the support 
of the Education Finance Council, the American Council on Education, the National Association of Student Finan-cial Aid Administrators, as well as the University of North Carolina System, which is important to me, since I rep-resent North Carolina. 
In short, this amendment represents 
legislation that, No. 1, is bipartisan; No. 2, saves money; No. 3, is based on the ideas and proposals of the Presi-dent; and, No. 4, has the support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.004 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1839 March 25, 2015 
financial aid industry, which is respon-
sible for the success of student loan programs. 
Success means easy enrollment. Suc-
cess means repayment of the out-standing debt. 
I urge my colleagues, when given the 
opportunity, to vote for Amendment No. 622, a bipartisan-sponsored initia-tive. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask the 
Chair to notify me when 6 minutes are consumed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, last week 
the Senate Budget Committee gave a green light to the Republican budget. A caution light, a yellow light, was more in order. It calls for $4.7 trillion in non-defense spending cuts over the next 10 years and no increases in revenue. Where would those cuts come from? They would be piled on the backs of the middle class, the elderly, and children. 
They would cut the earned-income 
tax credit, slash Medicare and Med-icaid, child care, Head Start, edu-cation, public safety, and law enforce-ment. 
And—just for good measure—the Re-
publican budget rolls back reforms on Wall Street—and on and on. All this and more is to pay for lower taxes for millionaires and billionaires. 
When I first came to the Senate, our 
economy was in a free fall. We were losing 20,000 jobs a day, every day. Thousands of jobs were gone. Our fi-nancial system was crashing. Deficits were at historic highs. 
That was 6 years ago. It has been a 
long road back. We asked the wealthy to pay their fair share. We passed long- needed reforms to Wall Street. We have seen 12 million more private sector jobs, the deficit cut in half, and Wall Street at historic highs. Profits are up; unemployment and deficits are down. 
That is the story, but it isn’t over. 
We are not done yet. Not everyone has found solid ground. 
My State still faces great challenges. 
Many New Mexicans are still strug-gling, still pulling out of the worst re-cession in 75 years. How do we go for-ward? How do we build on the progress we have made? 
Those are the questions the voters 
elected us to solve. The short answer is we have to work together. We have to get past the shutdowns and the showdowns. Politics is the art of stand-ing your ground but also finding com-mon ground. 
That is why the Republican budget is 
so troubling. It doesn’t start a con-versation. It doesn’t reach across the aisle. 
This budget is bad for working fami-
lies, bad for the middle class, bad for our economy. It makes a U-turn right back to failed policies of the past. This budget says no to the middle class, no to the most vulnerable, and no to the critical investments we know we 
need—but yes to lower taxes for hedge funds. It is Robin Hood in reverse, and it will hurt so many people who have suffered so much for so long. 
This is the wrong way to go at the 
worst possible time, because—make no mistake about it—this budget is one big yes for those at the top and one big no for everybody else. 
In my State, one in three children is 
in poverty. For Native American chil-dren, it is even higher. It is 44 percent. One in five children goes to bed hun-gry. Their parents can’t find adequate child care. They can’t get quality med-ical care when they need it. They lack access to safe housing and clean water. 
This just isn’t the case in New Mex-
ico. We see it across the Nation. Chil-dren and families are falling behind. This has to change. The future—not only for our children but for our econ-omy—depends on changing it. We need to be doing more, but the Republican budget does less. 
It would cut programs for low-income 
children, seniors, and families by up to $660 billion over 10 years, including SNAP and child nutrition programs. 
Healthy kids are an investment in 
our future economy. We need renewed 
commitment—not draconian cuts—to the programs that help children reach their full potential. That means infant and toddler care, preschool, and home- visiting programs. We know that they work and they can help in a big way. 
A recent White House report tells the 
story. These programs make a dif-ference, get results and save money— more than $8 for every $1 invested. 
That is why I introduced the Saving 
Our Next Generation Act, or SONG Act. We should fully pay for what works. That is why I am a cosponsor of the PRE-K Act to expand high-quality, early learning programs for children from birth to age 5. 
Children should be our priority. They 
should not take a back seat to billion-aires and neither should the elderly, who depend on Medicare, not a voucher program. 
The Republican budget cuts $2.5 tril-
lion from health care for low- and mod-erate-income people. 
Repealing the Affordable Care Act, 
block-granting Medicaid—seniors would pay more for prescription drugs and more for preventive services. Cru-cial support for nursing care and home health care would be slashed. 
We have a lot to do to get America’s 
economy back on track. The Repub-lican budget—at every turn—fails to do it. A budget isn’t just numbers. It is about choices, and it is about prior-ities. 
That means investing in infrastruc-
ture. We have to upgrade our roads and manage our water resources. Federal dollars are almost half of New Mexico’s total transportation budget and 70 per-cent of funding for our highways and bridges. 
It means making sure we have an 
educated workforce—not cutting Pell grants by 30 percent. It means full funding for the PILT 
program—to help communities pay for law enforcement, schools, and other services folks depend on. 
It means making sure our national 
labs and our military bases have the 
resources they need. 
All of this makes a difference for the 
people of my State. It makes a dif-ference for hardworking families. It makes a difference for the future of our country. 
These should be our priorities, in-
cluding doing more for small busi-nesses. They are the engine of our economy. They create most new jobs. They need a fair tax policy—because they pay their fair share—and don’t have an army of lawyers working to find tax loopholes. 
We cannot ask Main Street to keep 
sacrificing while we fail to close a sin-gle tax loophole on Wall Street. 
We need a tax system that supports 
the middle class—not corporations sending jobs overseas. Our economy is recovering, but the benefit needs to go to all Americans, not just those at the top. 
These are the choices we should be 
making. These are the choices the Re-publican budget fails to make. 
We need to invest in the programs 
that help all Americans get ahead—and strengthen our economy—so that every hardworking American has the oppor-tunity to build a better future. 
I hope we can work together and find 
common ground with a budget that makes sense, with a fair tax policy, and with smart investments. We need to look to the future—and move forward. 
Now is not the time to return to the 
failed policies of the past. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has consumed 6 minutes. 
Mr. UDALL. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to speak for up to 2 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 652 
(Purpose: To make college more affordable 
for middle-class families by allowing bor-rowers with outstanding Federal and pri-vate student loans to refinance at the equivalent interest rates that were offered to Federal student loan borrowers during the 2013–2014 school year and to fully offset the cost of such a program by requiring millionaires to pay at least a 30 percent ef-fective Federal tax rate) 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, on behalf 
of Senator W ARREN , I ask unanimous 
consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up her amendment No. 652. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.005 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1840 March 25, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. R EED], 
for Ms. W ARREN , for herself, Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. R EED, Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. 
PETERS , proposes an amendment numbered 
652. 
Mr. REED. I ask unanimous consent 
that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for up to 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume consideration of S. Con. Res. 11 following the joint meeting; that the time until 12:15 p.m. today be equally divided between the managers or their designees; and that at 12:15 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes: Burr No. 622, Warren No. 652. 
I further ask unanimous consent that 
there be 2 minutes equally divided be-tween the managers or their designees prior to each vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ISAKSON. For the information 
of all Senators, there will be up to two rollcall votes at 12:15 p.m. today. 
f 
JOINT MEETING OF THE TWO 
HOUSES—ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE ISLAMIC RE-PUBLIC OF AFGHANISTAN 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:33 a.m., 
took a recess subject to the call of the Chair, and the Senate, preceded by the Secretary of the Senate, Julie E. Adams; the Deputy Sergeant at Arms, James Morhard; and the Vice President of the United States, J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, 
Jr., proceeded to the Hall of the House of Representatives to hear an address delivered by His Excellency Moham-mad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Is-lamic Republic of Afghanistan. 
(The address delivered by the Presi-
dent of the Islamic Republic of Afghan-istan to the joint meeting of the two Houses of Congress is printed in the Proceedings of the House of Represent-atives in today’s R
ECORD .) 
At 12:12 p.m., the Senate, having re-
turned to its Chamber, reassembled and was called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. F
LAKE ). 
f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON 
THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the votes scheduled for 12:15 p.m. now take place at 12:30 p.m., with the Democrats con-trolling 15 minutes and the majority controlling the remaining time, with all provisions of the previous order re-maining in effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 652 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
amendment we are going to be dis-cussing now—and I will say a few words about it in a moment—deals with one of the most important issues facing our country; that is, the lack of afford-ability of college and the reality that when millions of our young people graduate school, they are left in crush-ing debt year after year after year, and they are unable to refinance that debt which has a huge impact on their lives. 
I give time now to Senator W
ARREN , 
who has played a great role in focusing on this issue and has brought forth what I think is an excellent amend-ment. 
I yield to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise 
to urge my colleagues to support amendment No. 652, to refinance exist-ing student loans and bring down the high interest rates that are dragging down millions of Americans. 
When rates are low, people refinance 
their mortgages. When rates are low, businesses refinance their debt. Well, rates are low, and we want to give the 40 million Americans who are dealing with student loans the same chance to refinance their loans. 
Last year, Republicans blocked our 
efforts to lower student loan interest rates. They said there were other, bet-ter ways to deal with student loan debt, but they did nothing. So tens of millions of borrowers got nothing, and millions of borrowers are still stuck paying interest rates at 6 percent, 8 percent, 10 percent, and even higher. While Republicans were busy block-
ing student loan refinancing, our coun-try’s student debt problem got worse— much worse. In the last year, out-standing student debt has increased by $100 billion dollars. Nearly 1 million 
more borrowers have fallen behind on their student loans. The interest rate on new student loans only got higher. 
This amendment offers us a chance 
to actually do something for the mil-lions of Americans who are dealing with student loan debt. The idea is simple: Refinance outstanding student loans down to 3.9 percent for under-graduates, a little higher for graduate students. The amendment would save borrowers hundreds and in some cases thousands of dollars a year, all without adding a dime to our deficit. It is fully paid for by closing a tax loophole that allows millionaires and billionaires to pay a lower tax rate than middle-class families. 
We have a choice—protect a tax loop-
hole for billionaires or give tens of mil-lions of people a chance to refinance their student loans. A choice—protect a tax loophole for billionaires or give millions of middle-class people a chance to build some real economic se-curity. 
Congress has worked far too long for 
the billionaires. Now it is time for Con-gress to work for hard-working people. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let’s 
be frank. We live in a global economy. We need the best educated workforce in the world to compete. Yet we are mak-ing it harder and harder for middle- class families to send their kids to col-lege. At the same time, we are saying to those young people who go to col-lege: You are going to be living with an oppressive debt for decades—for dec-ades. 
Several months ago, I talked to a 
young woman in Burlington, VT. Her crime was that she went to medical school in order to become a primary care physician. Those are exactly the people we need. She left medical school with $300,000 in debt. Does anybody think that makes any sense at all? 
Right now, if you want to go out and 
buy a new car, you can get interest rates in some cases of 0 percent, 1 per-cent, 2 percent. If you want to refi-nance your home, you can pay 3 per-cent, 4 percent, 5 percent. Yet, when parents want to send their kids to col-lege or young people themselves take out loans, they are forced to pay 6 per-cent, 8 percent, or even a higher per-cent for the crime of wanting to get a higher education. 
Senator W
ARREN ’s amendment is 
eminently sensible. It significantly 
lowers interest rates, cutting them al-most in half to 3.9 percent. This would be a huge blessing for millions of young people who are having a hard time buy-ing homes, a hard time even starting families because they are dealing with this oppressive debt. 
The last point I would make—and I 
hope everybody remembers this—when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.008 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1841 March 25, 2015 
Wall Street, because of their greed, 
recklessness, and illegal behavior, needed to be bailed out, the Fed pro-vided them with zero and one-half of 1 percent interest rates by the trillions of dollars. If we could bail out Wall Street—if the Fed could bail out Wall Street with extremely low interest rates, it is time for us to treat the young people in this country and their parents with the same respect. We need to substantially lower interest rates on student debt, and the Warren amend-ment would do that. 
I yield 3 minutes to the Senator from 
New Hampshire. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is recog-nized. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate and support the comments from my colleague, my neighbor from Vermont, Senator S
ANDERS . I am 
pleased to be here to support Senator W
ARREN ’s bill, which I am cospon-
soring. 
This amendment would allow our 
young people to refinance their student loans. Student loan debt has now sur-passed credit card debt in this country. This is an issue about the economy of this country, but even more important it is an issue about the future of our young people. 
In New Hampshire, we have the sec-
ond highest student loan debt in the country. I have talked to young people and their families, who say they are de-laying getting married, they are delay-ing having children, and they are de-laying buying houses because of their student loan debt. Yet, families can re-finance their houses and they can refi-nance their cars. They should be able to refinance their student loans. 
This is critical to getting our econ-
omy moving again in the way it should. It is critical to ensuring that our young people have a future. I hope all of our colleagues will take a look at this legislation and will agree that it makes sense. We need to do this for our families, for our students, and for our country. 
I yield back to the Senator from 
Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. The Senator from 
Rhode Island, 3 minutes. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I will be even 
briefer than that. 
Mr. SANDERS. The Senator from 
Rhode Island gets 2 minutes, then. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be added as a cosponsor to Senator W
ARREN ’s 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Rhode Island is 
the very proud location of some of the best universities in the country. We have very high university density in our small State. We have everything from Brown University in Providence, to our wonderful State universities led by the University of Rhode Island, to leading Catholic colleges such as Prov-idence College and Salve Regina in Newport, RI. To support kids in getting 
their college educations and to bring down the cost is a priority for us in Rhode Island. I am proud to cosponsor this amendment. 
I yield back any further time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. BOOKER. I thank the Presiding 
Officer for recognizing me. 
Mr. President, I, too, wish to rise in 
support of this amendment. In a nation that is finding itself increasingly with global competitors, where other na-tions—some of the most active eco-nomic competitors we have are doing everything they can to keep the cost of college low. In Germany, 4 percent to 5 percent of median income is the cost of college. In Canada, 5 percent to 6 per-cent of median income is the cost of college. In England, 6 percent to 7 per-cent of median income is the cost of college. Other competitive democracies know to widen the avenues to greater college education. But here in the United States, the cost of college is over 50 percent of the median income. 
We are raising barriers to our chil-
dren getting in the game, being on the field, and playing. I say that when you field a team—when Stanford would compete in football, we didn’t leave four or five of our players on the side lines; we got everybody on the field. That is what we need. 
This amendment is common sense. 
We should not be profiting as a govern-ment off the backs of our students. We should allow them to refinance their student debt. That is why I support it, and I am grateful for my colleagues’ support as well. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, how 
much time do we have left? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrats have 5 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, over 
the last several months, I have had three town meetings in Vermont with young people on this issue. It is an issue of huge concern to them and their parents. As Senator B
OOKER just men-
tioned, we are competing with coun-tries all over the world that say to their young people: If you have the ability and you have the desire, you can go to college regardless of your in-come. 
In Germany, tuition for college is 
now zero. In many Scandinavian coun-tries, it is now zero. What they are say-ing to the young people is, we need you to get the best education to help us create the strongest economy, to cre-ate the jobs we need. 
How insane is it for us to literally 
discourage bright young people from attending college or to tell others that if they graduate college or graduate school, they are going to be $70,000, $80,000, $100,000 in debt? What sense does this make for the well-being of the middle class of this country or for our economic competitiveness? 
In the next month, I will be person-
ally introducing legislation that will cut and do away with tuition in public colleges and universities, but today 
what we are focusing on is legislation that is so sensible, so obvious, it is hard for me to imagine that anybody can vote against it. I have in my office at least two attorneys who are strug-gling with huge student debts. This is true all over this country. They grad-uated from college 15 years ago. They are still paying off that debt, and it im-pacts what they can do. We have evi-dence out there that families are not having children because of student debt, not buying homes because of stu-dent debt. Why is it that people have to pay double or triple interest rates be-cause they got an education as opposed to what they would pay when they pur-chase a car or a home? Does anybody think that makes sense? 
Today we have an opportunity to 
stand up for the young people of this country and say we want them to get an education and we want them to have the freedom to live their lives after they leave school. That is what this amendment is about. 
I yield time to the Senator from Vir-
ginia, Mr. K
AINE. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I also rise 
to speak on behalf of this budget amendment. I will be brief. 
There is a wonderful organization 
that analyzes education in this country called the Lumina Foundation. Their main area of research is the percentage of adults in the country and compet-itor countries who have higher edu-cation degrees. Because of the GI bill, the United States rocketed ahead of other nations and became the clear leading country in the world in the per-centage of adults with higher edu-cation degrees. There wasn’t a close second. But now we are 10th to 15th in the world and slipping. 
I would argue that the economic fu-
ture for this country is not one that we would like if the United States con-tinues to slip further and further be-hind other nations in the percentage of our folks with higher education de-grees. That is why I support this amendment. 
I yield back my time. Mr. SANDERS. I yield 1 minute to 
the Senator from Michigan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to be here on the floor of the Senate with Senator W
ARREN , Sen-
ator S ANDERS , and all of my colleagues 
on the Democratic side who feel very strongly that if young people are going to have a fair shot to get ahead, to enter the middle class, to be a part of a thriving economy, they have to come out of college without mountains of debt so they can go and buy a house and a car and have a family and a ca-reer and not be saddled with out-rageous debt. That is what this amend-
ment is about. 
If there were ever an amendment 
that said we want middle-class oppor-tunity for everybody, it is this one. I hope we will have a unanimous vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.027 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1842 March 25, 2015 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
conclude by saying this: The high cost of college and student debt is one of the great issues facing our country. We are trying to lower student debt sig-nificantly. Our Republican colleagues’ response to the crisis is to cut $90 bil-lion in mandatory funding for Pell grants. The choice is pretty clear. We are looking at the future of this coun-try and the need for our young people to get the best education possible and to not graduate college deeply in debt. That is what this amendment is about. I hope we will have strong bipartisan support for it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. I don’t think there is any-
body on either side of the aisle who isn’t concerned about student debt, the cost of interest and college and the number of people graduating with debt. Addressing college costs and the bur-den of high student debt loans must be a priority, but it can’t be done on a budget bill. We can’t have policy on a budget resolution. I know this doesn’t include all of her policy, so it is an in-complete bill. 
The Office of Management and Budg-
et last month disclosed that participa-tion in the existing income-based re-payment plan has been much higher than was anticipated, and the adminis-tration is currently in the process of extending those existing repayment op-tions to all the eligible borrowers with outstanding student loans. Therefore, the OMB now projects that the existing student loan portfolio will cost tax-payers an additional $22 billion. That is $22 billion more being spent to allevi-ate the repayment burden of borrowers with outstanding debt. We can find that number in the President’s budget. 
The CBO did score the bill that Sen-
ator W
ARREN introduced last Congress 
on which this amendment is based. The CBO projected that the government will make billions in profit—listen to this—from buying tens of billions worth of private student loans from banks and refinancing them at lower rates. They are going to buy up loans and then refinance those loans at lower rates, and somehow the way that scores is positive for the Federal Gov-ernment? Wow. That is why we are talking about needing some changes in the way we do scoring around here. Think about that. If the government can make money from buying up pri-vate loans while charging the borrower a lower rate, why stop there? We can make trillions for the country. 
CBO, as well as leading academic 
economists and think tanks, all believe credit reform accounting is seriously flawed. They favor fair value account-ing under which loans are valued at what they are worth to the private sec-tor. Last year CBO showed that under fair value accounting, the Federal stu-dent loan portfolio does not make a big profit. It actually has a significant cost. One of the reasons for some of the high interest rates is that when the Af-
fordable Care Act was passed, it set those rates higher so there would be revenue for the Affordable Care Act. 
I hope we will defeat this amendment 
and support the bipartisan King-Burr proposal. 
I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 622 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 622, offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to 
urge my colleagues to support the Burr-King amendment No. 622, which creates a deficit-neutral reserve fund to reduce overlapping student loan re-payment programs. 
The student repayment system is a 
mess right now. There are nine dif-ferent alternatives and they are very confusing. Even the names are con-fusing. There is the income-based re-payment, the income-contingent re-payment, the income-sensitive repay-ment, and the pay-as-you-earn repay-ment. In other words, it is very com-plicated and it is one of the things that makes it confusing and hard for stu-dents. 
Senator B
URR and I have introduced 
this amendment in order to simplify this decision. Basically we have taken suggestions from individuals—stu-dents, institutions, as well as the President—to simplify the loan repay-ment provision to reduce it to basically two options, a fixed repayment over 10 years or an income-related repayment over a longer period of time. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
amendment. I believe it is an overdue simplification of this process, and I be-lieve it will enable the students of America to deal with this issue in a more constructive way. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, we 
think the Burr-King amendment is a sensible, noncontroversial amendment, and I don’t believe we have any objec-tion to it on this side of the aisle. 
I suggest a voice vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
any further debate? 
Without any further debate, the 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The amendment (No. 622) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 652 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on amendment No. 652, offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, Ms. W
ARREN . 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, not 
seeing the Senator from Massachu-setts, I will make this point: If there is an eminently sensible amendment to come before us, this is it. It addresses the crisis that exists all over this coun-
try where young people are graduating college deeply in debt and have that onerous debt around their necks for decades. 
This amendment simply gives these 
young people the opportunity to refi-nance their debts so they can substan-tially lower their student debt, and in some cases cut their student debt in half. It is hard for me to imagine how anybody could vote against an amend-ment as sensible as this amendment but so important to millions of fami-lies in this country who want to be able to send their kids to college and for the young people who want to grad-uate college without this oppressive debt. 
I strongly ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote on 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, the proper 
way to do this is to consider the full bill and run it through committee and then the floor and not try to make pol-icy in a budget resolution. 
I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I yield back 
any remaining time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Warren amendment. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TILLIS ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 86 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker 
Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley 
Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.029 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1843 March 25, 2015 
McConnell 
Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts 
Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 652) was re-
jected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
Mr. President, the Federal budget is 
a pressing concern for everybody in this body, including myself, especially given the political climate we have in Congress. We have been two Houses di-vided for some time. 
Back in 2011, the Republican House 
and the Democratic Senate agreed that Federal spending was out of control. They just couldn’t agree on what to do about it. So Members from both Cham-bers came together to give Congress two options: either pass a responsible budget to help reduce the deficit or face drastic cuts to every discretionary Federal department. 
That threat of sequester was sup-
posed to represent the end of the road, forcing Congress to put differences aside and to work together, but some-times even a dead end is not enough to motivate some folks to do the right thing. Congress failed to come up with a bipartisan, long-term spending plan and sequestration went into effect 2 years ago. 
Sequestration has had devastating ef-
fects nationally and in my home State of Nevada. Take, for instance, seques-tration’s impact on our national for-ests. We have 17 million acres of na-tional forest managed by the U.S. For-est Service. Under its current struc-ture, the Forest Service uses the same pool of funds to manage our national forests that it does to fight wildfires. In bad fire years, suppression can use over 40 percent of the U.S. Forest Serv-ice’s budget. So it is no surprise that their budget is still in disarray 2 years after sequestration cuts $200 million during the hot, dry summer that saw millions of acres of trees burn across the West. 
Sequestration proved to be irrespon-
sible and its impacts long-lasting, and our forests weren’t the own casualties. The Indian Country was slammed from education to health care, to infrastruc-ture. Indian Health Service saw its budget cut by a similar amount. Health care in Indian Country is chronically underfunded anyway. The additional 5- percent cut to the IHS budget resulted in 800,000 fewer outpatient visits for Native Americans. Indian schools— many of which are in such bad shape that nobody in this body would send their kids there—saw their budgets cut by $67 million, which resulted in bigger class size, cutbacks to academic pro-grams, cutbacks to building mainte-nance, and reduction in technology up-grades. Sequestration was almost as devastating to the public education 
system in this country, and it had its impact on seniors and low-income chil-dren and families. It will be again if Congress doesn’t act. 
Between now and September 30, Con-
gress must pass a responsible budget that reduces our deficit, and we have time to agree on that or we will face greater cuts than we saw last time. The President’s budget proposal makes significant investments in infrastruc-ture and education and our outdoors. These initiatives will help grow our economy, particularly in rural States such as Montana, but there is one big problem. The President’s budget fails to reduce the deficit in a smart and meaningful way, but the other options on the table are worse. 
The House last week unveiled its 
budget proposal. It is the height of ir-responsibility. The House wants to pri-vatize Medicare by turning it into a voucher program. It wants to turn Medicaid into block grants and cut those. They want to cut taxes for mil-lionaires and big corporations while they phase out portions of the earned- income tax credit, squeezing the wal-lets of millions of working-class Amer-icans. The House’s plan also cuts the Pell Grant Program. 
It repeals the Affordable Care Act— 
that is no surprise. The House has voted over 50 times to repeal the ACA, ignoring the fact that we have some 16 million more Americans that have af-fordable access to health care than be-fore the law was passed, but in a show of boundless hypocrisy, the House bal-ances its budget by counting the $700 billion in Medicare savings and the $1 trillion in new revenue that the Afford-able Care Act provides. 
Now some folks might say, well, that 
is the House of Representatives. Look at how they handled the funding for the Department of Homeland Security this year. They nearly shut down the agency tasked with protecting our bor-ders and preventing terrorist attacks on America. The House gave up on re-sponsible governing years ago. But the fact is the budget before us today in the Senate isn’t much different. It re-peals the Affordable Care Act, but again pretends to keep the $700 billion in savings to Medicare and the $1 tril-lion of revenue created by the Afford-able Care Act—after it has been re-pealed. Now, I am a farmer, not an ac-countant, but I want to state that this is the kind of new math that doesn’t add up to me. 
The Senate budget—similar to the 
House—also guts the Pell Grant Pro-gram by one-third. Why is that impor-tant? Well, in Montana, students are graduating from college with more than $27,000 in debt in student loans. The last thing they need are less Pell grants and more student debt, which is exactly what will happen if this Senate budget passes. 
It also puts States on the hook for 
over $1 trillion in Medicaid funding. What does that mean? It means we are not going to take care of it anymore. 
We are going to push it off on States and act like it doesn’t exist. Just like the House, it raises taxes on the lowest wrung of the economic ladder by re-pealing the extension of the earned-in-come tax credit and child tax credit. These credits keep over 13 million Americans—working families with rel-atively low incomes—out of poverty. 
While this rhetoric about passing a 
balanced budget sounds good—and I do support a balanced budget—the reality is this budget doesn’t cut it. It does not balance. Why? Because this budget re-lies on gimmicks such as using the Overseas Contingency Fund, which is supposed to fund the war on Afghani-
stan and action against ISIS but in-stead has become a slush fund for the Department of Defense. This budget as-sumes hundreds of billions of dollars in ‘‘unallocated cuts.’’ That is great mes-saging. We are going to slash the budg-et by hundreds of billions of dollars, but we are not going to tell you where we cut it out. We can talk about cuts, but when it gets to specifics—the real tough decisions—we are not going to talk about those. We are not even going to tell you where they are. It is not only secretive, but it is bad policy, and these kinds of smoke and mirrors are the worst Washington has to offer. 
While the President’s budget spends 
far too much, at least it is honest, open, and transparent. The House and Senate budgets are just a display of bad mathematics. They lack any sort of realistic plan to keep our economy growing by investing in America. In-stead of balancing the budget on the backs of middle-class families and sen-iors and students and our Nation’s most vulnerable, we need to fully in-vest in the measures that will help this economy go, such as roads, bridges, our outdoor economy, education for our kids and our grandkids because that is the only way they are going to be able to compete in this global economy. In 2015, every nation is interconnected. Business transactions occur between multinational corporations, scientific discovery is shared between univer-sities on different continents, clean air and clean water and carbon emission standards are achieved by inter-national agreements, but global secu-rity seems to be a battle that we—the United States—are fighting alone—and at what cost? 
Last week, my Appropriations sub-
committee on military construction held a hearing on the Defense Depart-ment’s construction budget. The United States spends more on defense than the next nine nations combined. Let me say it one more time. The United States spends more on defense than the next nine nations combined, including the United Kingdom, Ger-many, India, and—yes—China. Two of America’s greatest international threats, ISIS and a nuclear Iran, pose a grave threat to us but also to our allies in the Middle East and Europe. Yet we are the ones paying the overwhelming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.003 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1844 March 25, 2015 
majority of these costs. This budget 
hides those costs from the American people. With 47 Senators pushing us to go to war with Iran, I think the Amer-ican people deserve to know how we are spending their dollars overseas. 
Do not misunderstand me. Congress’s 
foremost concern should be with pro-tecting our Nation and in keeping our communities safe, but that should also be the foremost concern of our allies around the world. Time and time again, though, it is the U.S. taxpayer and American lives who are on the line, and that price is far too high. It is not just dollars and cents. It is the lives of our kids. It is the wounds they will face when they return from war, if they return from war at all. These are pricetags we cannot afford. 
While we send our troops and our 
treasures overseas, our allies are free to invest significantly in more public education, health care, infrastructure, research and development, and lower taxes. Why? Because we are paying the bill. Their economies grow in relation to our deficit. As Congress looks to re-sponsibly cut spending, we must look at the billions we waste overseas, and we need to level with the American people about the true cost of war. While caring for our veterans is a cost we absolutely should bear, we can no longer afford to fight and fund every international conflict. We have to stop paying for war on our children’s credit. 
We need to think about the future 
and invest in public education, health care, and infrastructure, in sound for-est management, and in lower taxes. A global economy and a global defense will allow us to invest in middle-class families, educating our children, pro-tecting our seniors, and making sure Americans can afford food and shelter. These are investments we must make, but the budget before us stops invest-ing in America. 
We can do better, and we must do 
better. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 601 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first, 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up Bennet-Stabenow amendment No. 601. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. S TABE -
NOW], for Mr. B ENNET , for himself and Ms. 
STABENOW , proposes an amendment num-
bered 601. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To create a point of order against 
legislation that would privatize Medicare, cut guaranteed benefits, increase out-of- pocket spending, or turn Medicare into a premium support plan) 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD PRIVATIZE MEDI-CARE, CUT GUARANTEED BENEFITS, INCREASE OUT-OF-POCKET SPEND-ING, OR TURN MEDICARE INTO A PREMIUM SUPPORT PLAN. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, 
amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— 
(1) privatize or change the Medicare pro-
gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) into a system that provides a payment either to pay for or offset private plan premiums or the tradi-tional fee-for-service Medicare program; 
(2) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-
efits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under the Medicare program; or 
(3) increase out-of-pocket spending for pre-
scription drugs or preventive services under the Medicare program. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, 
Medicare turns 50 years old this year. This is not the time to turn our back on Medicare and the universal nature of Medicare. We all understand and are confident that after paying into the system year after year or turning age 65 or meeting the other qualifications that we have means that health care will be available to everyone, regard-less of where you live, regardless of who you are. 
Medicare is a great American success 
story. Before Medicare became law, only half of Americas who were 65 years of age or older had any type of health insurance. They could not find health insurance. Those who found health insurance were paying through the roof to be able to get that insur-ance. Often times they were paying— they lacked coverage for surgery or health expenses that occurred outside the hospital. You could have one single surgery or illness and be totally wiped out. 
So our country came together and 
said: We are going to make sure that for seniors in this country, health care will be available to everyone. We have done that. It is extremely successful. I am very, very concerned about what this budget does to Medicare, as well as the budget in the House of Representa-tives. First of all, let me say that there is no question that Medicare, as with every other public program, was de-signed to improve and evolve and be strengthened and add new things—cer-tainly for the security of future gen-erations. 
That is why the prescription drug bill 
was passed. That is why the Affordable Care Act—we took even better steps forward to make sure there were no gaps in coverage under prescription drugs. Seniors today are spending thousands of dollars less out of pocket to get critically needed medicines than they did before the Affordable Care Act. They now have no out-of-pocket 
costs for annual wellness visits or for other prevention. 
Now, in this bill that is undermined 
in two different ways. First of all, there is the Affordable Care Act, which 16.4 million people are now using to get health care for themselves and their families, and most of them, by the way, are people who could not afford health care in the past, just as seniors could not 50 years ago. All of them will lose their health care under this budget, the House and the Senate budget. The changes that we made to improve pre-scription drug coverage and lower the costs to seniors will be gone. That was part of the ACA. There are the changes to protect people, to be able to know that when they have insurance, they are going to be covered when they get sick and not dropped. If they are sick, if they have a serious disease, they can still get insurance even if they have a preexisting condition. All of the things in the Affordable Care Act are gone under this budget. 
Now, interestingly, and as the distin-
guished Senator from Montana said, all of the revenue raised under the Afford-able Care Act stays in this bill. So they keep the money, but they take away your medical care. To add insult to in-jury, because actually repealing the Af-fordable Care Act increases the deficit, the Affordable Care Act is exempted from the point of order that is required in the budget when an action actually increases the deficit. 
So then you add to that what is being 
done in Medicare. The House cuts $150 billion from Medicare for senior citi-zens, by moving away from what has been the foundation of Medicare— which is a guaranteed benefit. You pay in, and it is a guaranteed benefit. They turn it into something they call pre-mium support. 
The Senate proposes even more than 
that—$434 billion in cuts to Medicare over the next 10 years. They are not specified, but they are using the same kind of language that relates to the se-curity of the program and issues that in the past have been called vouchers— or some other change that all ends up in the same place, which is cutting Medicare. 
Our children, our grandchildren know 
that grandpas and grandmas, aunts and uncles, and moms and dads right now have health care because of this won-derful American success story called Medicare. It is seriously undermined in this budget. I would urge my col-leagues to come together and send a clear message that we stand together in a bipartisan way to continue to sup-port Medicare and say: Hands off the Medicare program and the promise made to our seniors now and to those in the future. 
The Bennet-Stabenow amendment 
would create a point of order against legislation and would require a super-majority vote on anything that would privatize Medicare, would cut guaran-teed benefits, increase out-of-pocket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.017 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1845 March 25, 2015 
spending or use premium support 
schemes to undermine the fundamental nature of what Medicare is. 
Now, I also find it quite extraor-
dinary that in the House budget, which is more specific, when the Affordable Care Act health exchanges are elimi-nated, two pages later in their budget, they create health exchanges for Medi-care. Some would say: ObamaCare and Medicare. 
This is a very strange debate we are 
having on health care. So we want to make it very clear: Hands off Medicare. Hands off Medicare. Whether you are trying to privatize it in some way, turn it over to private insurance companies, vouchers, cut guaranteed benefits, in-crease out-of-pocket costs, use what has been called premium support schemes to undermine Medicare’s uni-versal nature of what it is, stop it. Hands off Medicare. 
That is what we need to be doing in 
this budget. I hope colleagues will come together and vote for the Bennet- Stabenow amendment to guarantee that happens. 
AMENDMENT NO . 755 
Mr. President, I have a second 
amendment that is a side-by-side amendment for the Barrasso amend-ment that will be called up later. I have been asked also to move forward on that amendment as well. 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside 
the pending amendment and call up Stabenow amendment No. 755. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Ms. S TABE -
NOW] proposes an amendment numbered 755. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to keeping the Federal Water Pollution Control Act focused on protection of water quality, to establish bright lines for Federal jurisdiction, and to create clear and unambiguous exemptions for features that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency or the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, claim they are not seeking to regulate) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF CLEAN WATER USING SCIENTIFIC STANDARDS WHILE MAINTAINING THE TRADITIONAL ROLE OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting watersheds, including the Great Lakes, Chesapeake Bay, the Mis-sissippi River system, the Colorado River system, or other sources of drinking water of the United States, which may include clari-fying the scope of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) to provide certainty for landowners or rural communities, or preserving existing exemp-tions for agriculture, ranching, or forestry, 
or to rely on the scientific evidence of im-pacts on water quality of different types of water bodies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, obvi-
ously, I care very passionately about Medicare and about health care, and I believe strongly that this is a funda-mental right of every American. We do not decide when we are going to get sick. We do not decide when our chil-dren are going to get sick or what is going to happen to us as it relates to our health. 
But another important part of health 
relates to the ability to have clean, drinkable water. The Clean Water Act has been a vital tool for promoting the 
health and livelihood—the economy— of Americans for the past 40 years. In fact, according to the EPA, the Clean Water Act has kept tens of billions of pounds of sewage and chemicals and trash out of our waterways. It has helped double the number of American waters that meet standards for fishing and swimming. I can tell you that in Michigan, we love the Great Lakes. They are in our DNA. The ability to fish, the ability to swim—in fact, we have a $7 billion fishing industry, in which my family has been a proud par-ticipant, and a $16 billion recreational boating industry. The jobs of more than 800,000 residents are supported by the economic asset of our Great Lakes, and we want to make sure the Clean Water Act is strong. 
Now, we also are very proud of agri-
culture in Michigan. We have more di-versity of crops than any other State in the country other than California. We are working on that. So we are able to do that, in part, because of the abundance of water, frankly. Unlike friends in other States, the issues around water—clean abundance of water for agriculture, for ranchers, for forests, for farmers—have not been issues for us. We certainly want to keep it that way. 
Now, last year the EPA proposed a 
rule to define the waters of the United States, basically to clarify two dif-ferent Supreme Court rulings—one in 2001. After that ruling in 2001, the former administration, the Bush ad-ministration, began working on a rule to clarify this question of the waters and regulating the waters of the United States. 
Then there was an even more com-
plicated, confusing decision. I never thought you could actually have five different decisions out of a nine-mem-ber Supreme Court. But that is what happened. We ended up with even more confusion in 2006. So both administra-tions—the Bush administration and the Obama administration—understood, as does everyone, that we have to fix this. We have to clarify this, for farmers and ranchers and for citizens and commu-nities. I started in county government. I understand for local governments 
how important that is as well. 
So the rule that is before us now—the 
proposed rule—has been debated for over 200 days, including 400 public meetings and over one million com-ments. I am not sure that is a record, but it is pretty close—87 percent of which have been positive to moving forward. Now, the proposal was not meant to target agriculture, but it has led to a lot of legitimate questions in 
my mind about the standing of agri-culture’s historic exemption under the clean water regulations. 
So my amendment would help to 
clarify agriculture’s role, while main-taining important clean water protec-tions. This is very important. We can do both. We need to do both. We need to make clear the historic role in agri-culture as it relates to separate actions from the Clean Water Act, and we also need to have a Clean Water Act. So this would establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation that would ensure that the Clean Water Act is fo-cused on protecting water quality, up-holds existing exemptions in the Clean Water Act for agriculture and ranching that have existed for decades. 
Our farmers and ranchers deserve to 
have the certainty of getting this done and having it done right and knowing that what has been going on for dec-ades for them will be the law of the land. It also ensures we rely on sci-entific evidence as we examine the im-pact that water quality has on the dif-ferent types of water bodies, and it pro-vides certainty—as I said before—to landowners in rural communities re-garding the scope of the Clean Water Act. 
We had an important hearing on that 
yesterday in the Agriculture Com-mittee. Clearly, we need to provide that certainty for our farmers and our ranchers. Now, unfortunately, my col-league from Wyoming has an amend-ment that appears to attempt to ad-dress this, but it is overly broad and, frankly, unclear. It does not even men-tion agriculture. It does not mention the historic exemptions of agriculture, ranching, and forestry. It does not mention rural communities that may be affected. 
So I do not believe that is the direc-
tion this Senate should go. We need to be clear. We do not need more confu-sion; we need less confusion. So my amendment clarifies the scope of any changes made to the Clean Water Act so that exemptions important to agri-culture are maintained. The Barrasso amendment, unfortunately, would also roll back efforts to protect the health of the Great Lakes. All of us who rep-resent the Great Lakes should be con-cerned about that—and the Chesapeake Bay, the Mississippi River system, the Colorado River system and so many other systems around the country and all our sources of drinking water for the United States. 
I would encourage colleagues, when 
this comes up, to vote no on the Bar-rasso amendment, to vote yes on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.019 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1846 March 25, 2015 
Stabenow amendment, and to make it 
clear that we support the Clean Water Act, we support decisions being made based on science, and we also want to make sure that the historic relation-ship with agriculture and the Clean Water Act is maintained. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
AMENDMENT NO . 350 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendments and call up my amendment No. 350. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. B LUNT ] for 
himself and Mr. T HUNE , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 350. 
Mr. BLUNT. I ask unanimous consent 
that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To create a point of order against 
legislation that would create a Federal tax or fee on carbon emissions) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD CREATE A TAX OR FEE ON CARBON EMISSIONS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, or con-ference report that— 
(1) would result in revenues that would be 
greater than the level of revenues set forth for the first fiscal year or the total of that fiscal year and the ensuing fiscal years under the concurrent resolution on the budget then in effect for which allocations are provided under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(2) for any year covered by such resolution, 
includes a Federal tax or fee imposed on car-bon emissions from any product or entity that is a direct or indirect source of the emissions. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .— 
(1) W AIVER .—Subsection (a) may be waived 
or suspended in the Senate only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- 
fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of this amendment. This amendment is designed to create a point of order against a carbon tax. 
This point of order would protect 
American families and workers from attacks on carbon, and attacks on their utility bills, attacks on things that are absolutely essential for fami-lies—and for opportunities for families as we look at utilities and energy. 
A carbon tax would increase the cost 
on energy. It would kill jobs as it in-creased the cost on energy, and make life for families more difficult than it needs to be. 
At a time when we are struggling to 
see our economy move forward, fami-lies and job creators in Missouri and 
across the country need to be able to continue to count on affordable and abundant energy resources. 
We have tremendous opportunities 
and more American energy. We need to use that in a way that benefits families and benefits the future. 
According to a 2013 Congressional 
Budget Office report, a tax of about $21 per metric ton on carbon would raise the price of electricity by an average of about 16 percent in the country. In the State of Missouri, my State, it would increase, according to that 2013 CBO re-port, the utility bill by 27 percent. 
We are more coal dependent than 
many of our States, but apparently if the average in the United States is 16 percent, all you have to do is add that to your utility bill to see what kind of problem that creates for a bill that, in many cases, families are struggling to pay already. 
Twenty-seven percent in the fifth 
most coal-dependent State, Missouri, where 82 percent of our electricity comes from coal, adds a huge and new burden that wouldn’t be there other-wise as people try to respond to this decision that the government could make to decide to make it impossible to have the kinds of utilities that are now available to families. 
The National Association of Manu-
facturers, in that same year, 2013, found that a carbon tax would lead to a loss of worker income and, in fact, would lead to the loss of jobs—the equivalent of about 1.3 million to 1.5 million jobs in the first year and as many as 21 million jobs by 2053. 
Now, more than ever, we need to send 
a clear message to the Obama adminis-tration that we don’t support a carbon tax as the administration moves for-ward with regulations that, in fact, would have exactly the same impact a carbon tax would have. 
The Congress has said no repeatedly, 
privately, publicly, over and over again, to a carbon tax, but it doesn’t seem to slow down the constant desire to look at a regulation that could produce the same thing. These regula-tions are regressive, they have the most negative impact on families that are struggling to pay their utility bill now, they have a negative impact on the elderly, they have a negative im-pact on people on fixed incomes, and they have a negative impact on public institutions such as schools and hos-pitals. 
There is nobody but the ratepayer, 
the person who gets the utility bill— you and I, when we get our utility bill, everybody whom we know who gets a utility bill—there is nobody to pay that utility bill but them. These costs are passed along by the laws of every State. There is no mythical utility company that is going to absorb these new costs if we allow them to happen. 
The recently proposed clean power 
plan would, under section 111 of the Clean Air Act, act as a tax on energy by making affordable and reliable means of electricity, such as coal-fired 
and natural gas-fired plants, more ex-pensive. 
Also, it would take plants that clear-
ly had lots of life left in them and somebody has to pay for them. If those plants aren’t usable, they don’t go away. Somebody still has to pay the bill, and the somebody is everybody who gets a utility bill. 
These costs go directly to ratepayers, 
they go directly to consumers, and they have a real negative impact on the kinds of things we should be look-ing for—ways to have a positive im-pact. These costs ripple through our economy. They inflict damage on con-sumers at all levels. 
We saw what happened when gas 
prices went down just a little bit. The decline in gas prices, with the oppor-tunity we see now with more American energy, suddenly families felt as though they had the first increase that many families have had in the last 6 or 7 years, where incomes have been flat but outgo has been on the increase. When you saw gas prices go down, sud-denly people were able to do things they couldn’t do before: one more meal out a week, newer shoes quicker than you thought you might get newer shoes for your kids or yourself. 
Those things begin to happen. But if 
you increase the utility bill by 17 per-cent or 27 percent or more than that— if all of your utilities come from coal right now, your utility bill is going to go up higher than that if we go in this direction. 
A carbon tax would have the same 
impact. The similarities are clear. They are so clear, in fact, that under the so-called Clean Power Act, regional authorities and States were supposed to come up with their own plan as to how to implement it. 
One regional transmission organiza-
tion, the PJM Interconnection, simply created an explicit price for carbon in the models it was using. Whether the administration calls it a carbon tax or not, everybody who looks at how they are going to provide utilities knows that is exactly what it is. 
If we want to grow our economy, we 
need to increase rather than decrease. We need to encourage rather than dis-courage access to low-cost, abundant, available fuels, and find the cleanest possible way to use those fuels. 
We have seen great progress in this 
direction. We need to be doing things that encourage that progress to occur rather than things that will absolutely and with certainty increase utility bills for families and decrease job op-portunities for young people. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this amendment that will make a dif-ference. I am certainly grateful that my friend Senator T
HUNE , the chair-
man of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, is cospon-soring this amendment with me. 
I urge my colleagues to support its 
adoption. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.020 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1847 March 25, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to try to, as we are about halfway through the budget debate, summarize where we are and the very clear dif-ferences that exist between my Repub-lican colleagues and those of us on this side. I think if the American people pay attention, the differences are very clear. 
What some of us are trying to do is to 
take a hard look at the very serious problems facing our Nation and do our best to come up with sensible solutions to those problems. I think that is what the budget process should be about. What are the problems facing this country? What are the best solutions that we go forward with? 
But, already, we have strong dis-
agreements as to how we even look at the problems facing the country. From my perspective, and I think from the perspective, quite honestly, of the vast majority of the American people, the major economic problem we face is a disappearing middle class. 
The good news is that compared to 
where we were 6
1⁄2years ago, we have 
made significant progress. I think most Americans remember that after the Wall Street crash—caused by the greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior on Wall Street—that at that point, as 
President Bush was leaving office, we were hemorrhaging 800,000 jobs a month. That is hard to imagine, 800,000 jobs a month. 
My Republican colleagues and I 
would agree and say the job creation now is not as strong as it should be. Fair enough. I wish to see more than 200,000 jobs a month being created. But no one will deny that 200,000 jobs a month being created is a heck of a lot better than losing 800,000 jobs a month, which is where we were when President Bush left office. 
My Republican friends say the deficit 
is too high. I think they have a point. It is about $483 billion, a very high def-icit. But I hope no one denies that a $483 billion deficit is a heck of a lot less than the $1.3 trillion deficit that ex-isted when President Bush left office. 
When President Bush left office, the 
financial system not only in America but all over the world was teetering on collapse. We learned later, actually, that economists literally believed the system would collapse. If you put your credit card into the ATM machine, nothing comes out. That is where we were 6
1⁄2years ago. 
Today, for better or worse, the stock 
market is soaring and the financial system today seems reasonably solid. No one denies it is a lot better than it was 6
1⁄2years ago. 
So we have made some progress de-
spite, I must say, consistent Repub-lican obstructionism, but we have 
made some progress. But I would be the first to agree, with my Republican friends or anybody else, that we are not anywhere near where we should be. 
Unemployment has gone down. The 
official unemployment rate is about 5
1⁄2 
right now. But let me tell you, the offi-cial unemployment rate is not the real unemployment rate. When you include those people who have been given up looking for work and those who are looking for part time, real unemploy-ment in this country today is about 11 percent. Youth unemployment—which we never talk about, but it is a very se-rious problem—is about 17 percent. Af-rican-American youth unemployment, which we never talk about, is much higher than that. 
So what we are trying to do, as we 
look out and we recognize a problem that says—the American people tell us in every poll I have seen that their most serious issue is jobs and wages. How do we create jobs? How do those jobs pay us a decent wage? 
Does anyone disagree with that? I 
don’t think so. That is the issue. So what have we tried to do in this proc-ess? What we on this side have tried to do is say: OK, how do we create jobs? What is the fastest way we can create the millions of jobs our country and our economy need? 
What economists tell us is the fastest 
way to create jobs is through invest-ment in our infrastructure. 
Does anybody, any Republican, Dem-
ocrat, progressive, conservative, dis-agree that our infrastructure is in a state of terrible disrepair—that is, our roads, our bridges, our water systems, our wastewater plants, our airports, our rail systems, our levees, our dams. I don’t think there is any disagree-ment. 
What the experts tell us—and I speak 
as a former mayor and concur with the experts—is that when you delay work on infrastructure, it only gets worse. If you do not rebuild a crumbling road, it gets worse. If you do not rebuild a de-caying water system, it becomes worse and more expensive to repair. 
So what have we said here on this 
side? What we have said is, let’s not kick this can down the road, which we have done for many years. Let’s ac-knowledge the problem, and let’s make serious investments in infrastructure— rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges and rail systems and water plants and wastewater plants, et cetera. That is what we have said. And we brought forth an amendment, which I offered, which would create some 9 million jobs in rebuilding our crum-bling infrastructure—9 million jobs over a period of 6 years. I think the way we paid for that $478 billion invest-ment makes sense to most Americans, who understand we have major cor-poration after major corporation that pays zero in Federal income taxes be-cause they take advantage of absurd loopholes—loopholes that allow them to invest their money and put their money in the Cayman Islands, in Ber-
muda, in Luxembourg, and in other tax havens and pay nothing in Federal in-
come taxes. So we have said: Let’s re-peal those loopholes. Let’s raise the revenue we need. Let’s invest it in the infrastructure. In the process, let’s cre-ate millions of decent-paying jobs. I would say that is a sensible response to the job crisis. 
In terms of income and wages, I 
think everybody or almost everybody understands that the Federal minimum wage today of $7.25 an hour is literally a starvation wage. It has to be raised. What we are trying to do on our side is to raise the minimum wage, and I will have an amendment to do that. 
We are trying to deal with the seri-
ous inequities regarding pay differen-tiation in America between male and female workers. Women workers are making 78 cents an hour compared to the wages paid to men. That makes no sense. We brought forth an amend-ment—Senator M
IKULSKI brought forth 
an amendment to bring pay equity. That is an important issue. 
We are also going to fight for reform 
of overtime rules so that people who are making $25,000 a year—so-called su-pervisors at McDonald’s or Burger King—are not earning time and a half despite the fact they are working 50 to 60 hours a week. 
So those are a few of the issues we 
are trying to focus on—creating jobs and raising wages. I have to say, un-happily, that my Republican colleagues have not been supportive of those ef-forts. What they have been absolutely persistent about is doing anything to cut Medicare, cut Medicaid, cut edu-cation, and cut nutrition. They will do anything other than ask the wealthiest people in this country, who are doing phenomenally well, the largest cor-porations, which are enjoying record-breaking profits—they will do anything to prevent those groups from paying more in taxes even if it means massive cuts to programs working families des-perately depend upon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 777 
Mr. President, with that, at this 
point, I ask unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up amendment No. 777. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for himself and Mr. W HITEHOUSE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 777. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to recognize that climate change is real and caused by human activ-ity and that Congress needs to take action to cut carbon pollution) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.023 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1848 March 25, 2015 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CUTTING CARBON POLLUTION TO PREVENT HUMAN-IN-DUCED CLIMATE CHANGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting Americans from the impacts of human-induced climate change, which may include action on policies that re-duce emissions by the amounts that the sci-entific community says are needed to avert catastrophic climate change, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 356 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up the amendment I am offering, which is amendment No. 356. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. M ORAN ], for 
himself, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. K ING, proposes 
an amendment numbered 356. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that provides the care sought by the veteran) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING HEALTH CARE TO VETERANS WHO HAVE GEO-GRAPHIC INACCESSIBILITY TO CARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driving dis-tance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that pro-vides the care sought by the veteran, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I would 
remind the Presiding Officer of the hearing we had yesterday dealing with veterans affairs and the opportunity we had to discuss the implementation of something we now refer to as the choice act. One of the successes and, in my view, 
one of the few successes we had last term—in fact, with Senator S
ANDERS  
being on the floor as well—was the pas-sage of the choice act. That legislation was Congress responding to scandal within the Department of Veterans Af-fairs—the fraudulent wait lists, the lack of services available to veterans who were waiting, and a number of vet-erans falling through the cracks. Con-gress responded and passed legislation now referred to as the choice act. 
What that choice act said in simple 
terms is that if you are a veteran and you are unable to receive the services you need from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs within 30 days or if you are a veteran who lives more than 40 miles from a VA facility, the choice act allows you—in fact, requires the Department of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide you with services at home if you so choose. It is your choice. 
That bill was passed by Congress in 
August of 2014, signed by the President in September, implemented since then beginning in November, and it is now March of 2015. What we have discovered during that period of implementation is there are a number of pitfalls by which veterans are not receiving the care we indicated they would receive following the passage of that legisla-tion. A lot of that problem is related to the 40-mile provision. Again, if you live more than 40 miles from a VA facility, the law says the Department of Vet-erans Affairs will provide you with service, if you so choose, with a local provider. 
A couple of things have happened. 
The interpretation by the Department of Veterans Affairs of a couple of provi-sions has precluded a significant num-ber, in my view, of veterans from being able to utilize this choice program. 
Yesterday, the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs, to their own credit, de-cided that they had been interpreting the law incorrectly. That provision re-lated to as the crow flies, meaning that the 40 miles was to be computed as the crow flies, and that was the way the VA determined they were required to interpret that provision. Yesterday, the Department of Veterans Affairs de-cided they had the authority to really make that 40 miles highway miles. So if you happen to live on one side of a lake or one side of a mountain, it is no longer as the crow flies. That is a piece of good news. 
But here is the issue I have raised nu-
merous times, and here is the issue that still remains a problem for many veterans. I smile when I say this be-cause there are not many lakes in Kan-sas and there are no mountains in Kan-sas, so ‘‘as the crow flies’’ is not a sig-nificant issue to most Kansans as it is in many other places in the country. But yesterday’s decision by the Depart-ment does increase the number of vet-erans who may qualify for the choice act. 
Among other things, what is still 
missing is the idea of a facility within 40 miles. The problem is this: The De-
partment of Veterans Affairs has inter-preted and continues to interpret that to mean even though there is a VA fa-cility within the 40 miles that does not provide the service the veteran needs, it is still a facility within 40 miles, and thus the veteran will be required to transport themselves to a hospital 2, 3, 4 hours away. 
I have said this before on the Senate 
floor. As a House Member before com-ing to the Senate, I represented a con-gressional district made up of tens of thousands of square miles, larger than the State of Illinois. There is no VA hospital within that congressional dis-trict. We worked hard to create out-patient clinics where routine services could be provided closer to home for those veterans. Now we are saying: If you can’t access the care that is more than 40 miles from your home, the VA is going to give you the option of see-ing your hometown doctor, being ad-mitted to your hometown hospital. But here is one of the problems: If there is an outpatient clinic within that 40 miles, even though it doesn’t provide the service you as a veteran need, the VA says you don’t qualify for the choice act. 
I am of the view that they have the 
ability to interpret that law dif-ferently. They say it takes a legislative change. I am not sure there is a lot of value in continuing to have the debate about who is right about that. What I do know is there are many veterans in Kansas and across the country who are not receiving the services promised by the choice act because there is an out-patient clinic within the 40 miles, but it doesn’t provide the service they need. 
To give folks an understanding of 
what I am talking about, most out-patient clinics don’t provide colonoscopies. So we have a veteran who needs a colonoscopy. The VA is to provide that service. Yet, in the case of where I come from, my hometown, the VA hospital is 3 hours away and the outpatient clinic is half an hour away, and because there is an outpatient clin-ic half an hour away, that veteran can’t utilize the choice act. But the outpatient clinic doesn’t provide colonoscopies, so that veteran is told by the VA that he or she has to drive the 3 hours to the hospital in Wichita to get the colonoscopy. Well, there is a community hospital within that area, within that veteran’s hometown that provides colonoscopy. 
That situation is what the choice act 
was designed to accomplish—service provided at home. So this amendment creates a deficit-neutral reserve fund that requires the VA to utilize its cur-rent authorities to offer community care to veterans who are currently un-able to receive the health care services they need from a VA medical facility within 40 miles of where they live be-cause the facility they have won’t or can’t provide the services they need. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.007 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1849 March 25, 2015 
This is something we ought to be 
able to resolve. This amendment is widely supported. 
There is legislation—S. 207—which I 
have introduced and which has many cosponsors, Republicans and Demo-crats, and we will continue to push this legislation. In fact, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs has indicated they will not only have the hearing we had yesterday on this topic, but also the chairman and the ranking member and their staffs will work over the recess to get this legislation front and center in our committee and, presumably, on the Senate floor. 
This amendment is cosponsored by 
Senator C
OLLINS and Senator K INGof 
Maine. Senator T ESTER , Senator 
BLUNT , Senator T OOMEY , Senator 
HOEVEN , and Senator V ITTER —Repub-
licans and Democrats from States across the country—realize this is something which needs to be resolved. 
While I believe the Department of 
Veterans Affairs should resolve this, they haven’t. While the Department of Veterans Affairs believes Congress should resolve this, we haven’t. What I do know is veterans who are entitled to care are not receiving it, and, in a sense, false promises were made until we get this issue corrected and the VA then implements the choice act as in-tended. 
This is an important issue. I would 
say to my colleagues, particularly those who served in the Senate with me in the last 4 years, in my view, we haven’t accomplished much in those 4 years, but one of the areas in which we did come together and did pass signifi-cant legislation was the choice act. Now we need to make certain that ac-complishment results in those who are entitled to those benefits receiving them. 
Who, I would ask, in this country 
would we expect to have the best qual-ity health care? Who would we expect? I think it would be those who served our country—our military men and women, those who retired and became veterans. And I would say that the em-ployees and Members of Congress have the opportunity of choosing a hospital or a doctor, and our veterans ought to have the same opportunity. 
Mr. President, I appreciate the oppor-
tunity to explain this amendment. I ask for support when it is considered during the budget consideration. I would ask my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring the underlying legislation that will follow. 
I thank my colleagues on the Com-
mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, particu-larly the chairman, the Senator from Georgia, Mr. I
SAKSON , and the ranking 
member, the Senator from Con-necticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , for their 
commitment to seeing that this is ac-complished. 
I appreciate the opportunity to ex-
plain one more time why this is some-thing of significance and how the qual-ity of life of our veterans is affected not because we don’t want to care for them but because we lack common 
sense to implement a law when we know how it should work, we know what it should say, and yet we are im-peded from accomplishing what mat-ters so much. This is not a Republican issue; this is not a Democratic issue; this is an American issue that mostly calls for common sense. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we are 
engaged in an annual ritual on the floor of the Senate—the budget resolu-tion. 
The budget resolution comes to the 
floor, and Senator E
NZIof Wyoming 
and Senator S ANDERS of Vermont lead 
the effort to debate the budget resolu-tion. This is not a law because it is never sent to the President. It is some-thing passed by the House and the Sen-ate that kind of says: The President told us we couldn’t spend anything more than X; we will tell you how we would spend it. It always is different from what the President suggested. So we get into a debate about how we are going to spend our Federal budget. 
That is what a budget resolution is 
all about, and we have to make choices—just as families make choices when it comes to things they buy for their families and for their homes. 
So I will talk about an amendment I 
am going to offer which gives us a choice. 
First, today on Capitol Hill we have 
visitors walking the corridors wearing purple sashes. If we look closely, writ-ten on those sashes it says Alzheimer’s Association. It is not unusual for us to get visits from people who are inter-ested in medical issues—cancer, diabe-tes, Alzheimer’s. The list goes on. They come here basically with very funda-mental requests: Can you find more re-search dollars to help us find a cure? Can you provide support to the families who are facing this disease? I have faced that so many times as a Con-gressman and as a Senator. 
I use this as an illustration, because 
Alzheimer’s is a disease and an issue which is becoming more dominant in America. I am about to state a sta-tistic which I didn’t believe when I heard it, and I went back and checked and double checked, and it is true. I have spoken on the floor here about 3 minutes. In that 3-minute period of time, three Americans have been diag-nosed with Alzheimer’s. One American is diagnosed with Alzheimer’s every 68 seconds in America. It is a disease 
which is starting to gallop across our Nation and affect more and more fami-lies. It is expensive, costly—costly, of course, to the victim who loses touch with the people they love and the life they want to lead; costly, too, to the caregivers—the children, the spouses, and others—who turn their lives around and start to care for the person with Alzheimer’s. 
Last year in America we spent $200 
billion on Medicare and Medicaid for Alzheimer’s victims, and, sadly, the 
projection is that in just a few years, we are going to see this figure surpass $1 trillion. It will literally eat up the Medicare and Medicaid programs as we know them. That is one disease, but it is one that is so serious that we have to take it seriously. 
I can speak in personal terms—and I 
bet everyone can—about cancer, what it has meant to my family, what it means to families all across America. 
Here is what it gets down to: Will we 
make a decision as a nation to make the right investment in biomedical re-search? We have the best biomedical research agency in the world—the Na-tional Institutes of Health. Nobody questions that. The Centers for Disease Control is right by its side in the work that it does. The Department of De-fense, Veterans Administration, even the Department of Energy, all do work in relation to medical research and medical technology. 
So the question that is posed to us— 
to this generation of Senators sitting on the floor—is this: Are we going to do further research in areas that can cure disease, alleviate human suf-fering, and, yes, reduce the cost to the government? 
I have found this is the most bipar-
tisan issue in the world. I have been all over Illinois, and we have a lot of Re-publicans, Democrats, and Independ-ents. When I stop to talk about bio-medical research, everybody is on board. The mother with the diabetic son, the father with a wife suffering from some form of cancer—they are all on board, they are listening. And they should. 
What I will offer as an amendment 
here is generally just a marker. It doesn’t mean that medical research will be enhanced or grow in size, but it basically puts us on record as to whether the United States Senate be-lieves that we should invest additional money into biomedical research. 
Why should we put more money into 
it? I went out to the National Insti-tutes of Health. There is a doctor out there named Dr. Francis Collins. I think he is one of the best. Francis Col-lins, back in 1988—if I am not mis-taken—was given the task of mapping the human genome. I am a liberal arts lawyer, so I am lost. The human ge-nome has something to do with our DNA and tells the people who research it a lot about us and diseases we are likely or not likely to have. So they mapped the human genome, which took years to do, and with that information they are making giant strides now in finding cures for diseases and break-throughs and identifying some of these issues. 
We all read about Angelina Jolie and 
what she is going through with her fear of cancer. It is based on a family his-tory, medical advice, and, yes, some-thing that has been found in her DNA through the human genome project that leads her to be more sensitive and worried about her own health. She is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.026 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1850 March 25, 2015 
famous actress, and that is why we pay 
close attention. But it applies to fami-lies across the board. 
Here is the point I am getting to. We 
are falling behind in biomedical re-search. In the last 10 years we have lost 23 percent of our spending power to fund medical research. That means that, 10 years ago, one out of every three promising research projects was funded. Today, it is one out of six. I don’t need to tell the Senator from Maryland, Mr. C
ARDIN , because NIH is 
in his State, and he knows what they do and he knows the researchers and Dr. Collins. 
I went to Dr. Collins, and I said to 
him: What can we in the Congress do to help you find cures for diseases? 
Senator, he said, it is very basic: 
Give us 5-percent real growth in our appropriation for 10 straight years—5 percent over inflation. Give me that, Senator, and I promise you—I promise you, we will pay for it over and over in saving money on medical treatment, in alleviating the suffering of disease that we face in this country. 
That is what I am trying to do. The 
American Cures Act is legislation I put in to do that. 
Well, what will it cost, Senator? It is 
easy to come up with some idea on the floor that is going to cost a lot of money and not pay for it. What will it cost us? 
Over a 10-year period of time, a 5-per-
cent real growth increase in NIH, CDC, and the other departments I men-tioned, over a 10-year period of time as additional spending comes to $150 bil-lion. 
In that 10-year period of time, we will 
appropriate more than $15 trillion in Federal spending. Work the decimal points. I am talking about a tiny sliver of a small percentage that goes into medical research. And I am also saying that I am willing to stand here as a Senator and promise you that medical research will pay for itself over and over and over again. 
I am of an age that I can remember 
the fear of polio—some folks with gray hair may remember that too—when, as a kid, kids were coming down with polio, crippled by it, many of them liv-ing in iron lungs, and parents were scared to death. We didn’t know where it was coming from. My mother had a theory that it had something to do with water standing in the street: 
Don’t you go play in that puddle. You 
may get polio. 
Who knew? No one knew. But we 
were afraid because we knew fellow classmates who were getting polio. 
And then, 60 years ago, along comes 
Jonas Salk. Every school child in America knew that name. We didn’t look forward to that shot; that is for sure. But the notion that we would be liberated from the fear of polio, that was such an amazing discovery that it was national and international news. Medical research can do that. Jonas Salk did that. We have done it over and over again. So now, will our generation give up 
on biomedical research? Will we decide that balancing the budget, eliminating the deficit is more important than a small contribution toward the National Institutes of Health? I hope not. The amendment I will offer will ask the Senate to go on record to support this effort. 
Senator M
ORAN from Kansas was here 
earlier. He has a similar amendment. I am going to vote for Senator M
ORAN ’s 
amendment. I hope he votes for mine. 
Let’s be bipartisan about this. Let’s 
find something we can agree on. Let’s make it biomedical research. Let’s make it a commitment to the NIH. 
I know that people we represent in 
every State of the Union will say: You did the right thing, Senator. Put poli-tics aside. Give the money to those re-searchers to find cures for those dis-eases. It is not only going to save us money; it is going to save lives. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from Nebraska. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the budget pro-posal that has been offered by Senate Republicans, which will help Nebraska families—and all American families— have a brighter future. 
For far too long, families have been 
paying more and forced to expect less from an increasingly inefficient and out-of-touch Federal Government. While we have made progress, our econ-omy is not where it should be, and, un-fortunately, the government’s spending habits remain unsustainable. 
Our $18 trillion debt isn’t just a 
threat to our economic security. It is a threat to our national security. It is time to offer bold solutions and tackle these problems. 
Republicans were sent to Congress to 
stop this irresponsible mentality—to stop wasteful spending, to balance our budget, and to allow our economy to grow and flourish. Families all across this Nation have been forced to tighten their belts. Now it is Washington’s turn. 
I am here today to highlight some of 
these initiatives and to show what Sen-ate Republicans are doing to safeguard the hard-earned tax dollars entrusted to us by the American people. 
Back home, many Nebraskans are 
wondering how this budget will affect their families and their daily lives. With that in mind, the budget we have presented will adhere to three basic rules—cut spending, balance the budg-et, and do it all without raising taxes. 
This budget cuts $5.1 trillion in 
spending over 10 years. The budget pre-serves the spending caps put in place by the Budget Control Act. 
Like many of my colleagues on the 
Armed Services Committee, I believe national defense must be the Federal Government’s No. 1 top priority. 
I have the honor of serving as chair-
man of the Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee. I fully understand the very real threats that our Nation faces each and every day. But in order 
for us to ensure our military men and women have the resources and training they need to fulfill the missions that we give them, we must make hard deci-sions and we must set priorities. 
Some red lines just won’t disappear. 
The red ink of our debt is here to stay unless we make some real changes. 
Our budget preserves the needed pres-
sure to compel Congress to make those hard decisions in order to properly fund the security of our Nation. This budget also provides much-needed resources for infrastructure improvements all across our Nation. It does this through a deficit-neutral reserve fund to re-build our crumbling infrastructure with a new highway bill in May. 
The budget resolution provides this 
mechanism so that a bill can move for-ward, allowing authorizers to find ei-ther new revenue or offsets in order to extend the life of the highway trust fund. 
Ultimately, the committees of juris-
diction have to write the policies and the deficit-neutral reserve fund gives them the flexibility to do so. 
As chairman of the commerce Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security, I know there is much work to do on our roads, our bridges, our ports, and our harbors. I also believe that infrastructure is an-other core duty and responsibility of the Federal Government. For us to meet that responsibility, we have to learn to live within our means. 
Second, this budget doesn’t raise a 
dime in taxes—not one dime. The an-swer to our debt crisis isn’t taxing hardworking Americans more. Rather, the answer rests in a government that is wiser—a more prudent steward of those tax dollars that every American entrusts us to spend wisely. 
This is a very timely topic because 
millions of Americans are preparing to file their taxes right now. An estimate from the National Taxpayer Advocate in 2013 indicates that Americans collec-tively spend 6.1 billion hours and $168 billion on efforts to navigate through our very confusing Tax Code and to file their taxes. 
Hard-working Americans—including 
many who work two or three jobs to support their families—should not be expected to dedicate these countless hours to comply with all these burden-some requirements, nor should they spend their money and have to hire ex-pensive accountants to do so. When the income tax was first ratified in 1913, the entire Tax Code was 400 pages. To-day’s Tax Code and the regulated rules now total more than 73,000 pages. While these regulations cause stress and frus-tration for families, they also create fi-nancial hardships that hold back busi-nesses, and they hold back job cre-ators. 
Tax day is an annual reminder that 
our complex laws desperately need to be reformed. I remain committed to promoting a simpler, fairer tax system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.031 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1851 March 25, 2015 
that provides certainty and one that 
encourages economic growth. More-over, the vast majority of economists agree the single best way to create jobs and the single best way to generate economic growth is through com-prehensive tax reform. 
This budget sets us on a path toward 
that needed reform. It is my hope that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will work with us so we can ac-complish this. Let’s take a moment now and look at the President’s budget proposal. His plan would raise taxes by $1.8 trillion to pay for new spending projects. 
I think the President’s budget is tone 
deaf. It is tired. It is the same old tax- and-spend policies that got us into this mess in the first place. There is noth-ing in it that actually cuts spending or addresses this mounting debt. 
Under the President’s budget, inter-
est rates alone will triple from the $229 billion we currently spend to more than $769 billion a year. Let me repeat that. We currently spend more than $229 billion per year on our interest alone. That is going to triple to over three-quarters of a trillion dollars by 2025. That is money we could use to re-invest in our military, we could use to pay down our national debt or that we could use to improve the Nation’s in-frastructure. I think the President’s proposal is a recipe for a national dis-aster. 
Our budget offers a realistic way for-
ward. Importantly, this budget helps to keep Congress on track regarding the appropriations process. For the first time in a long time, Congress is meet-ing the budgetary deadlines as pre-scribed by law. Passing appropriations bills on time allows us to provide the American people with more certainty in planning for their futures. 
I have been a Member of the Senate 
for 2 years. In that time, I have seen firsthand the regulatory burden that is hindering our small businesses and pre-venting growth. I have seen the regu-latory burden that hurts families and makes it hard for them to get ahead. Our budget provides a framework to lighten that burden, to lighten that burden of government and reduce the cost of responding to Washington bu-reaucrats. Because of the spending re-ductions in this budget, the CBO has estimated the size of the economy will grow by 1.5 percent per person in 2025. That is going to provide an additional $1,200 in income to families each year. That is the type of growth Nebraskans care about. With additional money in their pocket, middle-class families can save more and they can reinvest in their children and their future poten-tial. They can buy a home. They can save for their kids’ education. They can put something away for their re-tirement or maybe take a family vaca-tion. 
In order to make this budget work, 
we have to address things that don’t work. This week marks the fifth anni-versary of ObamaCare. That is a law that does not work. ObamaCare has 
been harming our economy and mil-lions of families ever since it was signed into law. I have been contacted by over 19,000 Nebraskans who have ex-pressed to me their concerns and their frustrations with this law. 
Passage of this budget provides Con-
gress the chance to send a bill to the President’s desk to repeal and replace ObamaCare once and for all. 
I would also like to touch on some of 
the amendments I will be offering and explain how they will help Nebraska’s families and Americans all across this Nation. My amendments cover a broad range of topics from national defense to pay equity, education, and regu-latory relief. My amendments help families. They help families have more economic security, and they ensure our own national security. 
One amendment, which passed yes-
terday with bipartisan support, will bolster the basic principle of equal pay for equal work. It reinforces and it up-dates existing law to protect employees from retaliation for seeking informa-tion or discussing their salaries. My nonretaliation language closely tracks one of President Obama’s April 2014 Ex-ecutive orders on that very same issue. This is a commonsense approach to a very important issue that impacts women all across our Nation. 
I have also worked across the aisle 
with Senator A
NGUS KINGfrom Maine 
on an incentive-based paid family and medical leave proposal. Our idea is not more one-size-fits-all redtape. It is a tax incentive for employers, particu-larly employers of hourly and low-wage workers. It offers a limited amount of paid leave so workers can meet the complex family needs they have. 
A common complaint I hear from Ne-
braskans is regulatory overreach, par-ticularly with the EPA. That is why I have offered an amendment that would prohibit the consideration of green-house gas emissions under the National Environmental Policy Act. The Obama administration has proposed guidance on how Federal agencies should con-sider greenhouse gas emissions and cli-mate change impacts while conducting NEPA reviews. This was not the intent of NEPA, and regulations like these could cause significant project delays. 
In my home State of Nebraska, 
NEPA reviews already take far too long, especially when it comes to our highway projects. Time and resources are being wasted on bureaucratic pa-perwork that adds no meaningful envi-ronmental benefit. My amendment would stop these burdens and end the unnecessary process that would delay operations without improving environ-mental outcomes. 
The American people want a govern-
ment that abides by commonsense principles. It is our responsibility to ensure their money is being respon-sibly used by this government, by us. Every day that we move forward and that we move our country forward, if we can not add the burdens onto the American people, that is a good day. 
This budget is a step in that direction. It provides the right tools to rescue a prosperous America for future genera-
tions. We have a responsibility to offer a better future, to offer a better future than the one we were handed. Let’s step up to the plate and make that happen. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, a budget 
is the statement of the principles and priorities of our country. I have heard a lot of my colleagues talk about spe-cific amendments, some of which I sup-port and some of which I oppose. But I think it is important first to talk about the underlying budget and what it stands for as far as the principles and priorities of America. On all counts, a review of the budget that is before us fails middle-income families in America. It doesn’t invest in job growth or opportunity or U.S. competi-tiveness. It doesn’t allow for a growing middle class, particularly to narrow the wealth disparities in America. It doesn’t end sequestration. 
Let me talk for a moment about se-
questration. We have had a lot of de-bate about this on the floor. Sequestra-tion should never take place. It is across-the-board, mindless cuts, no pri-orities. When we have been subject to sequestration, we have heard from all of our agencies, how they can’t plan, how they can’t enter into long-term agreements in order to carry out the missions they are responsible to carry out. It does not allow them the flexi-bility to deal with the current needs. It is wasteful. It costs taxpayers money, and they are not getting the benefits of those dollars. When we take a look at the budget that is before us, it not only would maintain those levels, it actu-ally accelerates some of the levels that would be established through these across-the-board cuts. 
Let me just give you the observa-
tions from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, which is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization which wrote that the Senate budget ‘‘cut[s] funding below the already-dam-aging sequestration levels in the years after 2016 for non-defense discretionary programs—the part of the budget that funds education, job training, early intervention programs for children, basic scientific and medical research, and transportation, all of which are important to increasing opportunity, raising productivity, and boosting long-term economic growth.’’ 
This budget is also not right for our 
Federal workforce. It does not give them the resources they need to carry out their very important missions to the American people. 
I want to underscore the fact that 
our Federal workers are the best in the world. They carry out their mission more efficiently and effectively than anyone in the world. My colleague Sen-ator D
URBIN was talking about the Na-
tional Institutes of Health. He talked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.036 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1852 March 25, 2015 
about the important research being 
done there, and they need greater tools in order to get the job done. I was meeting with constituents today on Parkinson’s who say, look, there are exciting things happening, but we need to fund the research. If we don’t fund the research, we are not going to get the answers. We have the capacity. Today at NIH, one out of every six eli-gible grants goes forward, five out of six do not. A few years ago, it was one out of three. We are moving in the wrong direction. This budget continues moving us in the wrong direction on re-search. I can mention, I will be talking to the Alzheimer’s groups, as Senator D
URBIN did. They need to understand. 
Last week, the cancer advocates were here to find a cure for cancer. They en-couraged us to increase this year’s budget at NIH by $2 billion in order to get back to where we were. That will not get us back to where we were, but if we continue with a $2 billion increase for a few years, we could get back to where we were a few years ago. The budget does not allow us to do it. 
This past week, I was visiting 
AstraZeneca at their biologics lab lo-cated in Frederick, MD. They are doing exciting things. I mention that because the research at NIH that will not go forward, as Senator D
URBIN pointed out 
when he was on the floor, not only af-fects NIH, it affects all the life science companies located in our communities. These are great jobs. This is job growth that is being held down. 
At AstraZeneca, they are working on 
the answers to deal with the diseases based upon our own individual DNA. That is what biologics lets us do. That is being slowed down because of a budg-et that will not allow NIH to reach its full potential. The budget we have will not give NIH the tools it needs. 
I could go to the FDA, which protects 
our food supply. We have the safest food supply in the world, but they need the resources to carry out their mis-sion. 
I could go to the EPA. We all like 
clean water and clean air. The Chesa-peake Bay is critically important to my State, our region, and this country. They depend upon the Environmental Protection Agency having the tools to protect our clean water and clean air. This budget does not allow for that type of resource so that we can reason-ably expect the mission to be accom-plished. 
As I pointed out earlier, it is also 
costing us economic growth because the partnership with the private sector is not there. 
I will point out another part of the 
environmental risk of this budget, and that is the EPA’s popular Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds. All of us are fighting for those loan funds because our local gov-ernments need them to improve their drinking water capacity, wastewater treatment facility issues. And we have had a majority of Senators say: Let’s increase those funds. In Maryland, those funds improve 
critical water infrastructure, which in turn helps us protect the water quality of the Chesapeake Bay. A healthy bay is critical to healthy Marylanders and a healthy Maryland economy. Without the support from the State revolving fund, many small communities—and these funds go to small communities— that are working hard to reduce their wastewater discharge in the bay will be 
without the critical financial resources they need to help protect the bay. 
Our large jurisdiction, the city of 
Baltimore, has used the State Water Quality Revolving Loan Fund that has funded the EPA’s Clean Water State Revolving Fund to upgrade the Back River wastewater treatment work. Without adequate resources, they can-not move forward on that. 
My point is, take a look at this budg-
et. I understand their numbers, but it doesn’t tell us how we spend the money. We can’t get the funds we need under the caps that are imposed on the nondefense discretionary spending, in-cluding the programs I just mentioned. 
This budget ignores tax expenditures. 
I think Americans would be surprised to learn that we spend more money in the Tax Code than we do in the appro-priations bills that are passed every year by Congress. Yet, there is no at-tempt in this budget to rein in those tax expenditures. There are many loop-holes that benefit the wealthiest and give incentives to companies to take their jobs overseas. There is no effort to rein in those types of wasteful tax expenditures. In fact, it has made it worse because it makes room for addi-tional tax breaks for America’s wealthiest. That is not what we should be doing. This is at the cost of our most vulnerable. Because we have made more room for those tax breaks, our most vulnerable are at risk. 
I will give one example in this budget 
document, which is Function 600. This category includes items such as SNAP, formerly known as food stamps, school lunch, and child nutrition programs. In the tax bill, this category includes the earned-income tax credit, the low-in-come part of the child tax credit. The budget allows the expansion of these tax credits to expire in 2017, thereby re-sulting in tax hikes for tens of millions of working families and their children. The budget would make major cuts in Pell grants, making it harder for low- income and middle-income families to send their children to college. 
We had a debate on the floor about 
the cost of a college education. It is much more difficult with this budget resolution, adding to the staggering debt American families are currently incurring. 
The budget fails to provide the re-
sources so we can rebuild America, the infrastructure investments. We talked on both sides of the aisle about the need to increase transportation spend-ing in this country so the United States can be more competitive, create more jobs, and maintain our existing systems. In Maryland, we have two major 
transit systems we want to move for-ward. Anyone who has experienced the traffic in this region knows how con-gested the traffic is in our part of the country. We have some help on the way with the Purple Line, but the budget that is submitted makes it difficult for these projects to move forward. 
I met with the people in regard to the 
modernization of our ports. The Port of Baltimore is critical to the economy of 
our State. It is important for U.S. com-petitiveness. It creates a lot of jobs. The dredging needs of the Port of Bal-timore and other ports around our country will be difficult to meet under the budget caps in this budget agree-ment. 
Lastly, I have some initial observa-
tions about the overall budget agree-ment. It is partisan. There was really no effort made to come up with a bipar-tisan budget. We should have done that. The American people want us to have a bipartisan budget. It will not be the budget I want, it will not be the budget the Democratic Party wants, it will not be the budget the President wants, but it will be a budget that will allow us to move forward, Democrats and Republicans working with the White House, to give the predictability this country needs and provide the in-vestments so important for the growth of our middle class and for job growth. 
I heard my colleague talk about the 
ability of this budget to allow for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. We just celebrated the fifth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act this past month. The budget allows for the re-peal, but it is interesting in that it doesn’t repeal the revenues. It takes the revenues we put in place but re-peals the benefits. There is a little bit of irony in that. And it will clearly add to the deficit. I will give the reason why, but they use a magic wand, so we don’t have to worry about that. Why would the repeal of the Affordable Care Act add to the deficit? Because the Af-fordable Care Act has helped us reduce the growth rate of health care spending in this country. You don’t have to take my word for it; the Congressional Budget Office said that Federal health care spending between 2011 and 2020 will be $600 billion less than they pre-viously estimated. The Affordable Care Act is bringing down health care costs. It is bringing down the Federal deficit. The Federal deficit through 2025 was adjusted down by $400 billion since the January projection. 
It is saving health care consumers, 
those of us who buy our insurance and use our health care system—it is now projected that because of the savings between 2010 and 2014, the years of the Affordable Care Act, the average fam-ily is saving $1,800 a year. These are re-sults from the Affordable Care Act that this budget will allow us to repeal. 
Look at the number of uninsured. It 
has been reduced by 16.4 million. We re-duced the uninsured rate by 35 percent. 
We increased the number of individ-
uals enrolled in Medicaid and CHIP. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.037 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1853 March 25, 2015 
The increased rate is at 17.5 percent. In 
Maryland, that is 300,000 more in those programs. 
We improved insurance coverage. We 
now have much better coverage, such as coverage for preventive care and screening tests. 
There are no caps. There are no an-
nual caps or lifetime caps. 
Parents can keep their children on 
their policy until age 26. 
Those enrolled in the program get 
value for their premiums. If not, the insurance company has to rebate the excess charges. Since 2011, $9 billion has been rebated to health care con-sumers. 
We ended preexisting conditions. If 
anyone doesn’t think that makes a dif-ference, I have a story about two Mary-landers, Jack and Akisha. They came to my office last year for help in navi-gating the Maryland health market-place. In August of 2014, they were able to apply for insurance through a spe-cial enrollment period, but while wait-ing to hear back about the status of their application, Jack suffered an in-jury. If that had happened in 1995 or 2005, that might have prevented Jack and Akisha from obtaining the cov-erage they so badly needed. But thanks to the Affordable Care Act, they got coverage and it covered everything. There was no exclusion. 
Coverage is now affordable. Seventy- 
one percent of the people who got in-surance through the Maryland ex-change got premium tax credits so they could afford their coverage. 
In Maryland, we reduced our unin-
sured rate from 12.3 percent in 2013 to 7.8 percent in 2015. We all benefit from that. It is not just people who have in-surance who benefit. Our premiums cover the cost of people who don’t have insurance. We don’t have to pay for those people because they now have in-surance. There are fewer people using emergency rooms. We are making health care more affordable. 
Since we closed the doughnut hole, 
8.2 million seniors have saved $11.5 bil-lion. In Maryland, the average savings for a Medicare beneficiary is $1,400. 
There are no copayments under the 
Medicare system. The solvency of the Medicare system is stronger today. 
I think the most exciting thing about 
the Affordable Care Act is how we are changing the delivery system in this country. Take a look at it. Deaths as a result of hospital-acquired conditions have been reduced by 17 percent since 2010. These are circumstances such as ulcers, infections, traumas, and falls— that has been reduced dramatically as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Medicare hospital readmissions are down. From 2012 until 2013, there were 150,000 fewer readmissions. 
The Affordable Care Act is working. 
All of these facts make one point abun-dantly clear: The Affordable Care Act has transformed our country for the better. It has brought quality, afford-able care to millions of Americans. It has expanded coverage for young peo-ple, minorities, and working families. 
In a span of only 5 years, it has saved seniors billions of dollars on their pre-scriptions, strengthened our safety net, and recovered a recordbreaking $19.2 billion in taxpayer funds from those committing health care fraud. The Af-fordable Care Act will continue to save our country billions of dollars into the future, and the budget we are acting upon would repeal that progress. 
There are other aspects of the health 
care program that are affected by the budget, including the attempt to turn Medicaid into a voucher program— Medicaid, which is for our most vulner-able, our seniors, and their long-term care needs. I hope we would not want do that, but the budget allows that. 
The budget just doesn’t add up. It 
creates deficits far beyond what we can do other than to use a magic wand to deal with it. This is not a budget we should be acting upon. A lot of amend-ments will be offered. I will be offering some amendments. I know some of my colleagues have offered amendments. 
First, I will point out that there are 
a lot of amendments that I hope we will not take up and pass. I urge my colleagues to take a good look at them. I will mention one, although I could mention many that give me a heart-ache. 
Senator B
ARRASSO , my good friend, 
has introduced a bill concerning the waters of the United States. To me, it sends a signal that Congress is uninter-ested in providing the regulatory com-munity clarity on the scope of the Clean Water Act. The proponents of this amendment used the vote to jus-tify passing legislation, either through appropriation riders or stand-alone measures, to undermine the process the EPA is undertaking to provide clari-fication on the scope of the Clean Water Act. I question the stated pur-pose of the amendment to protect water quality. 
We have a better choice. I thank Sen-
ator S
TABENOW for offering what I ex-
pect to be a side-by-side amendment. The Stabenow amendment clarifies the agriculture exemptions under the Clean Water Act while maintaining im-portant clean water protections. These two goals are not mutually exclusive. 
There are many amendments that 
have been offered. Senator D
URBIN  
mentioned one that I hope everyone will support on NIH funding and med-ical research. I am working on amend-ments dealing with small business. I am the ranking Democrat on the small business committee. We need to help provide more credit to our companies. 
The Affordable Care Act advanced 
oral health. I will be offering some ad-ditional amendments on oral health and racial profiling. I hope the Senate will go on record on voter enfranchise-ment. I hope we will go on record to make it easier for us to reach the con-sensus we need to pass these important bills. 
When the amendment process is over, 
I must urge my colleagues to reject the underlying budget. What we need is a 
bipartisan budget, one that invests in America’s future with a growing mid-dle class, keeps jobs in America, and reforms our Tax Code. Working to-gether, we can build a stronger, more prosperous America for all Americans. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 796 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 796. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 796. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to saving Medicare) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SAVING MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, which may include the creation of a point of order against legislation that accelerates the in-solvency of such Trust Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I will 
take a few minutes to talk about the current debate of the fiscal year 2016 budget. Isn’t it wonderful we have a budget that we have brought to the floor—something we haven’t had for I think it has been the last 5 years under Democratic leadership. Naturally, there are differences between both sides, but it is great that we are using this budget process and, hopefully, we will pass this budget and go on from there. The House is going to pass theirs, so I appreciate what they are trying to do over there as well. 
First and foremost, I wish to thank 
the chairman of the Budget Committee for all his hard work in putting this product together. He has done great work in producing a budget that I be-lieve most Senators can support, as well as finding a way to navigate some pretty treacherous minefields along the way. 
Let’s look at just some of what Sen-
ator E
NZI’s budget will accomplish. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.039 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1854 March 25, 2015 
The most striking thing about this 
budget is it balances in the 10-year window, eventually reaching a $3 bil-lion surplus. This shouldn’t be all that surprising, but given our Nation’s re-cent budgetary history, to some, it is. President Obama likes to brag about all of the deficit reduction that has taken place under his administration, yet the President has yet to send a bal-anced budget to Congress. More often than not, his claims of deficit reduc-tion are measured against an inflation baseline that routinely ignores the fact that almost all of the reduction can be attributed to increased revenues ex-tracted from hard-working American taxpayers with precious little coming in the way of any spending cuts. The Senate Republican budget prepared by the chairman of the Budget Committee would achieve $4.4 trillion more in def-icit reduction than President Obama’s most recent budget proposal. This is a statement about fiscal policy, with the recognition that now is the time to get our Nation’s fiscal house in order. 
The budget accomplishes its objec-
tives in a number of ways, most nota-bly by providing a path toward reining in our unsustainable entitlement pro-grams. Let’s keep in mind that when we are talking about our entitle-ments—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security in particular, just to mention a few—we are talking about tens of trillions of dollars in unfunded liabil-ities over the long term. Ever-growing programs have us on a path toward a fiscal crisis that threatens to swallow up our government and take our econ-omy down with it. 
The Senate Republican budget would 
allow us to begin to tackle each of these programs’ shortfalls, offsetting much of the deficits, and giving policy-makers in Congress and the adminis-tration more room to work toward lasting solutions to these problems. With each of these three major pro-grams, the budget would help stave off fiscal calamity and give us a real op-portunity for long-term reforms. 
Entitlement reform is one of the 
great causes of our time. If we are seri-ous about bringing down our deficits and debt and ensuring the solvency of our safety net programs, we cannot continue to kick the proverbial can down the road. 
I have been disappointed with each of 
President Obama’s budgets, none of which would make a dent in our enti-tlement programs. This budget before us this week would enable us to begin the process of finding long-term fixes to these programs to ensure Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security still exist in the future for our children and our grandchildren. 
In addition to putting our govern-
ment on a more fiscally sustainable path, this budget would support strong economic growth and job creation. Most notably, it contains a reserve fund designed specifically for this pur-pose, which includes, among other things, lowering the cost of invest-ment, reducing the costs to businesses 
and individuals from the Internal Rev-enue Code, creating a competitive fi-nancial sector, and improving congres-sional budgetary scorekeeping. 
Of course, the budget gives us a path 
forward on repealing the so-called Af-fordable Care Act, which continues to be an albatross on our economy and on the well-being of hard-working tax-payers. I don’t see how anybody can make out a case that it is not going to 
take us right into real difficulties, fi-nancially. It isn’t going to work, ei-ther. 
The budget specifically includes a re-
peal of Obama’s tax on medical devices. There is one for us. They needed $30 billion more, so they stuck in a gross sales tax on sales for all medical device companies. That is an idea I am totally opposed to, and the repeal of ObamaCare’s tax on medical devices is something I have been pushing for since the law was first enacted. Sooner or later we are going to win on that be-cause it has to be taken care of. This budget does that. An overwhelming majority of Senators—79, to be exact— voted to repeal this tax the last time we debated a budget in this Chamber. So I should not be the only one who is pleased to see this particular provision included in the budget. 
The budget also includes provisions 
specifically to repeal the individual and employer mandates—causes that I have also championed here in the Sen-ate. As I said, Senator E
NZIand his fel-
low members of the committee deserve a lot of credit for the work he and they have done thus far on the budget. I am very pleased to offer my support. 
I am aware that given the partisan 
climate we are working in, this budget has some detractors on the other side of the aisle. As I have listened to their arguments against the budget over the past few days, one thing has become pretty clear: My Democratic friends haven’t come up with any new argu-ments in a long time. Rather than con-structive proposals to help address our Nation’s fiscal difficulties, our friends on the other side of the aisle are con-tent to simply continue pretending that raising taxes is a fix-all elixir for all of our budgetary problems. 
Indeed, they have continued with the 
tired, debunked talking points, arguing that every problem will be solved if Re-publicans will simply allow for modest tax hikes on the so-called rich. How many times have we heard that? Yet even though our debt as a share of our economy is at levels not seen since the years surrounding World War II, it is most often the case that when my friends call for more taxes, often under the guise of closing unspecified ‘‘loop-holes,’’ they want to immediately spend it, ignoring the pile of debt the current administration has accumu-lated. 
We have been through that over and 
over and it is time for the American people to wake up and realize what they are doing to us. This budget helps us to understand that better. I would wager that few reasonable 
people, if put on the spot, would seri-ously argue that the American people are undertaxed. Yet if we hear the ar-guments coming from the other side, that appears to be their position. Yet we are taxed at the highest percentage of the total budget than we have ever been. So we have heard our colleagues lament the lack of tax hikes in Chair-man E
NZI’s budget, and we have al-
ready had some votes on amendments to raise taxes. What we have not heard, however, is a plan that would line up all of my colleagues’ spending prior-ities, which are vast and numerous, with enough tax hikes to cover the cost. Until my friends on the other side of the aisle either produce such a plan or acknowledge that there are not enough palatable tax hikes out there to pay for all the spending they support, no one should take their arguments against the budget seriously. 
Let’s take a look at this chart. By 
my staff’s reckoning, if we look at all the tax hikes my friends on the other side of the aisle put to a vote in the last Congress, including the so-called Buffett rule, taxes on corporate jets, oil and gas, and others, they are on the record for supporting about $69 billion in specific tax hikes that have not yet been enacted into law. Yet the first Democratic amendment to this budget purported to raise taxes by $478 billion. That is $408 billion more than what my friends on the other side have specified in the recent past. 
Now what does that mean? The Sand-
ers amendment, which we voted on yes-terday and almost all Democrats sup-ported, essentially proposed to raise taxes by over $400 billion with unspec-ified tax policy. Perhaps my Demo-cratic friends would care to tell the American people how they propose to raise that $400 billion in additional rev-enue, where the tax hikes will come from, and who is going to get hit by them. I will not be holding my breath waiting for an answer. 
So the Senate Democrats’ revenue 
raisers well is almost completely dry, as we see on this chart: revenue nec-essary for spending increases, $478 bil-lion; the Buffett rule, $45.151 billion; the oil and gas, $16 billion; tax compli-ance they say is $4.28 billion. If we look at the whole thing, the total offsets are $69.5 billion. That is a new bill. That is the total offsets they are talking about. It is unbelievable to me. 
As I said, there are definitely people 
who want to criticize this budget, but when it comes to taxes and revenues, the critics don’t have a leg to stand on. 
I wish to speak for a few moments 
about an amendment to the budget I plan to offer this week. My amendment addresses the need for comprehensive tax reform. The budget already in-cludes a deficit-neutral reserve fund for tax reform and administration. My amendment would add more detail to this fund to more fully describe what our tax reform efforts should look like. Specifically, it would make clear that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.041 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1855 March 25, 2015 
tax reform should be comprehensive 
and address individual, business, and international provisions of the Tax Code. It would also state that our re-form efforts should be aimed at cre-ating a Tax Code that is more efficient, progrowth, fair, and simple. It would put in place other principles for reform as well; namely, permanence, competi-tiveness, and promoting savings and in-vestment. It would set forth goals to reduce income tax rates while remain-ing revenue neutral. 
As most of my colleagues know, I 
have been advocating for tax reform for some time now. This amendment would set this effort off on the right path. 
I will have other priorities to discuss 
when it comes to this budget. I look forward to working with my colleagues to get them adopted. 
The Senate is doing good work with 
this budget. It is thankfully working to fulfill its responsibilities. Once again, I wish to thank our distinguished chair-man of the Budget Committee for his efforts on the budget. I urge all of my colleagues in the Senate to join me in supporting this product. 
MEDICARE SGR FORMULA  
Mr. President, I wish to take a few 
minutes to speak about the ongoing ef-forts in the House of Representatives to address the Medicare sustainable growth rate, or SGR, formula. 
As we all know, the House is poised 
to pass legislation that would perma-nently repeal and replace the SGR with an improved payment system that re-wards quality, efficiency, and innova-tion. This bipartisan exercise rep-resents what Congress is truly capable of when Members decide to set aside their differences and work together. 
Since SGR first went into effect, 
Congress has continually acted to pre-vent its reimbursement cuts from tak-ing place. This has meant numerous and repetitive SGR patches, usually cobbled together at the last minute be-hind closed doors, much to the tremen-dous concern of our physicians throughout this country. For years, this cycle has bothered Members of Congress in both parties. That is why over 2 years ago, former Finance Com-mittee Chairman Max Baucus and I set out to fix this problem once and for all on the Senate side. 
People said it was a lost cause and 
that our efforts were doomed from the beginning. But in late 2013, we intro-duced our legislation and got it re-ported out of the Finance Committee on a voice vote. That bill, which was also drafted with the input and support of the leaders on the relevant commit-tees in the House of Representatives, formed the basis for the legislation the House will be voting on this week. They deserve a lot of credit for this. It has taken a lot of work to get to this point, and we are not there yet, but we are getting close. We just need to finish the job. 
The House bill is important for a 
number of reasons. Yes, it includes the plan to repeal and replace the broken SGR system. I think everybody around 
here would like to do that, but there is more to it. The bill also includes a 2- year extension of CHIP, the Child Health Insurance Program that Sen-ator Kennedy and I put through a num-ber of years ago and a temporary ex-tension of key Medicare extenders that need immediate congressional action. This will give the relevant committees time to reform these programs in a re-sponsible manner. It also includes pro-visions to strengthen Medicare’s abil-ity to fight fraud and bolster existing program integrity efforts. Most impor-tantly, the bill includes a downpay-ment on entitlement reform without any tax hikes. 
For years, Members of Congress have 
been pushing for legislative fixes that will help rein in our unsustainable en-titlement programs to ensure they will be around for future generations. I per-sonally have been working very hard in this effort. 
In 2013, I put forward five separate re-
form proposals to Medicare and Med-icaid that were designed to be bipar-tisan in hopes that I could jump-start the legislation on entitlement reform. I shared those proposals with anyone who would listen and even some, in-cluding President Obama, who would not. 
Today, I am happy to say that two of 
those ideas—the limitation on the so- called Medigap first-dollar coverage and more robust means testing for Medicare Parts B and D—are included in the House’s SGR bill. For years, the idea of bipartisan Medicare reform seemed like a pipedream, particularly since President Obama and allies in Congress demanded that any changes to the program be coupled with signifi-cant tax hikes. But here we are, just a few votes away from enacting meaning-ful Medicare reforms into law. 
I commend Speaker B
OEHNER and Mi-
nority Leader P ELOSI for their efforts 
to reach a bipartisan deal on this legis-lation. They both deserve a lot of cred-it, as do those who are voting with them in the House. In addition to the leaders of the relevant committees, their work and their willingness to set aside partisanship for the greater good has been vital to this effort. This has not been easy by any stretch of the imagination. 
It was also encouraging to hear today 
that President Obama says he intends to sign the bill. Think about that. Spe-cifically, he said about the SGR legis-lation: ‘‘I’ve got my pen ready to sign a good bipartisan bill.’’ I commend him for that. It is my understanding that an official statement of administration policy will be forthcoming. This is super. This is something we ought to all applaud and be ready to do. 
I am not here to say the House bill is 
perfect; of course, it is not. I am aware that some of my colleagues in the Sen-ate are hesitant to support this pack-age and have made public statements indicating as much. Ultimately, I think anyone who is looking for a rea-son to vote no on the House bill could 
probably dig through it and find some-thing to oppose. This is true of any bill of this magnitude, especially in a di-vided government. Although I do have to say that some of the straw man ar-guments raised in the past week or so against this legislation have been in-teresting, to say the least. 
I know there are Senators who have a 
vision of what for them would be an ideal solution for SGR, CHIP or any other parts of this legislation. Indeed, I have my own thoughts as to how I would like to improve this bill, but I have been around long enough to know that anyone who waits around for a perfect bill better be prepared to wait for a very long time. We waited long enough for a solution on SGR. It is time to get this done. This is a good bill and it is coming at the right time. 
The time to act is now. I can’t imag-
ine another bipartisan opportunity like this coming around again any time soon, and I have been informed by Members of the House, that this is the last time they are going to increase SGR and take care of it. So we have to take this and get it through. Anyone who thinks we can continue to put this off to wait around for the perfect bill to come together is fooling themselves. Make no mistake, if we don’t do this now, we are looking at many more years of last-minute costly SGR patch-es, and I have been told the House is through. They have done their job, and it may be a long time before you can get another patch, which means we have to do the job here or every physi-cian in this country is going to hate everybody in this Senate. Well, they shouldn’t hate everybody; there are some of us who are pushing hard to get this done. 
Let’s get this done. I hope all my colleagues will support 
the House’s SGR package, especially if it is as big a vote as I have been indi-cating here today. I think it will be a big vote. I think they deserve a lot of credit. It solves some problems we couldn’t otherwise solve, and it also makes good changes to some of our en-
titlement programs that are long over-due. 
I want to commend Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Minority Leader P ELOSI . I want to 
commend them for the work they are doing. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Con-
necticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
Over the course of the next few days, 
we are likely going to debate a series of amendments relative to the ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran. It is my hope that over the course of this debate, on a handful of amendments that may be offered, that the way in which we conduct this debate and the way in which these votes come out is going to unify us rather than divide us. 
A lot has been made over the par-
tisan division that has been created 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.042 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1856 March 25, 2015 
over the past few weeks with respect to 
our support for negotiations, despite the fact that we have all said—Repub-licans and Democrats—that our pri-ority, our hope, is that we can divorce Iran from a nuclear weapons future through negotiation rather than through military action, despite the fact that historically we have all tried 
to keep close to the idea that politics stops at the water’s edge, that we un-derstand the limitations of our ability to substitute ourselves for the adminis-tration when negotiating foreign policy with foreign powers. So my hope is that this debate unites us because there is a lot to be united about. 
The fact is we all understand the ca-
tastrophe that would be wrought if Iran was able to obtain a nuclear weap-on. This is a country that has pledged over and over again to wipe Israel, America’s sacred ally, off the map. This is a regime that has killed Ameri-cans, has sponsored, funded, and orga-nized terrorism all over the world. It is also not just about Iran because we know what would happen in the region. Their Sunni rivals would have no choice but to become nuclear powers themselves. 
The stakes are high and we are all 
united around the common belief that it should be the policy of the United States and the policy of the Senate to make sure Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon, but I just want to make a cou-ple of additional points clear that should underscore the debate we are going to have about that simple, uni-fying principle. 
The first is that these negotiations 
that are occurring are about the future of Iran’s nuclear program. They aren’t negotiations about Iran’s support for terrorism or Iran’s role in fighting ISIS or Iran’s other weapons programs. I know this is hard to hear because the resolution of these other pressing issues is instrumental to preserving the security of America and our allies. But let’s all be clear that this set of ne-gotiations is about the future of Iran’s nuclear program, and for Congress at this point to step in and essentially move the goalposts and say we will only support the outcome of these ne-gotiations if they satisfy another set of concerns that we have—grave concerns about Iran’s policy in the region and the world—is disingenuous because we all supported a sanctions regime in-tended to get them to come to the table and talk about their nuclear pro-gram. Frankly, it becomes easier to solve many of these other vital issues if we remove the question of Iran’s po-tential nuclear weapons program from the laundry list of items with which we have great concerns about. 
Second, let’s talk about the role Con-
gress can play and how, again, that can be unifying if we choose to do it in the right way. If the negotiations fall apart, then we are likely all going to stand together in imposing a new set of sanctions on Iran. I don’t think there is disagreement at all within this body about the fact that within days of 
those negotiations failing, we will be back here imposing new crippling costs on the Iranian economy. If this agree-ment succeeds and there is ink put to paper, then this Congress reserves the right—has the right, has the ability— to statutorily stop the implementation of that agreement from going forward, 
once we are able to review it and look at its parameters, conditions, and ele-ments. 
We don’t need to vote on sanctions 
legislation today. We don’t need to vote on legislation establishing our ability to review the agreement be-cause we already reserve those powers. We already have the ability to pass sanctions in the event of failure or to vote on approval or disapproval in the event of success. But we aren’t in the room negotiating this deal, so if we want to respect our proper place in the constitutional order, then I think it makes sense for us to look at those who are negotiating who have said that a bright, bold, blinking signal of divi-sion within the American political sys-tem would be detrimental to negotia-tions. 
I want to see the product of these ne-
gotiations so I can use my power as a U.S. Senator to vote them up or down, but if we take steps now, if we vote on budget amendments that signal our support to take steps to undermine those negotiations by either precipi-tously passing sanctions legislation or setting up a process of approval or dis-approval before the negotiations take place, then I am limiting and I am de-creasing the likelihood that I will see that deal. We have a role to play, but that role comes at the end of these ne-gotiations rather than in the middle. 
Lastly, if we are serious that the pol-
icy of the United States is to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, then we have to be serious about what the con-sequences of the failure of negotiations truly are. It is disingenuous to suggest that there are credible and likely op-tions other than military action should these negotiations fail, especially if the U.S. Congress takes steps that allow the world community to blame us for the failure of those negotiations. Why is that? Well, because the easy thing to do would be to simply rein-state global sanctions if the negotia-tions fall apart, try to squeeze Iran even more tightly. But that is unlikely to happen if it is the United States that gets blamed for the failure of the negotiations. Why? Because our part-ners in those sanctions will not join us. They will walk away and either lift the sanctions or look to cut their own deals with Iran. 
It is easy to say we will just put the 
sanctions back in place, but it is im-possible, at best very difficult, to do if we are doing that unilaterally. Let’s be honest about what military action really means. It means setting back Iran’s nuclear program by 3 to 5 years, but it also means setting off a cata-strophic series of events in the region that will do great harm to our allies, 
great harm to U.S. security interests, dragging us into a conflict that in the end will not serve U.S. national secu-rity interests, especially given the fact that it will only temporarily halt Ira-nian nuclear ambitions. 
Now I still say we should keep on the 
table the potential of military action, but we should just be honest about the fact that if we take steps to undermine these negotiations today, if we, the U.S. Congress are blamed for these ne-gotiations falling apart, then it be-comes virtually impossible to put these sanctions back together; thus, giving us only one option, a military option, one that has grave and consequential aftershocks for the United States and for our allies. 
I simply come down to the floor 
knowing we are going to set forth in motion a series of amendments, many of them surrounding the question of Iran’s nuclear program, tomorrow. I am hopeful the result of those will be to signal this Congress’s unity, a unity that we have expressed many times over that we will not allow Iran to ob-tain a nuclear weapon and that a nego-tiated settlement is the preferable way to do that, reserving for ourselves all of the inherent powers of this body to pass sanctions if they fail, to approve or disapprove the deal if the negotia-tions succeed. The best way to disabuse Iran of the notion that they can ever obtain a nuclear weapon is in the next 48 hours for this Congress to stand united—united in our position to guar-antee a nonnuclear weapons future for Iran. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
AMENDMENT NO . 352 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up Roberts amendment No. 352. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. R OBERTS ], 
for himself and Mr. F LAKE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 352. 
Mr. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to Federal employee performance awards) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE AWARDS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reform of Federal employee per-formance award and bonus programs by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.044 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1857 March 25, 2015 
amounts provided in such legislation for 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, to get 
right to the subject, this amendment would restrict Federal Government em-ployees from receiving bonuses when they are delinquent in paying their Federal taxes. 
During this time of budgetary con-
straint, Federal agencies are looking for cost savings in order to avoid staff furloughs and cuts to important Fed-eral programs. Given these constraints, the government should not spend scarce taxpayer dollars by giving bo-nuses to Federal employees unwilling— let me underscore ‘‘unwilling’’—to pay their tax bills. 
We just learned this week that, ac-
cording to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, as of September 2014, 304,000 Fed-eral employees owe $3.5 billion in Fed-eral taxes. That is an increase of over $200 million in delinquent taxes owed by Federal employees from last year. While most Federal employees play by the rules—the great majority—it is in-credible that the delinquent tax debt of Federal employees has reached this level. 
Let’s look at one agency, everybody’s 
favorite agency, the Internal Revenue Service. Last year the Treasury De-partment’s Inspector General for Tax Administration issued a report on the Internal Revenue Service bonuses awarded to personnel who have vio-lated the tax laws or who have been subject to serious infractions of em-ployee policy. 
According to the Inspector General, 
close to $3 million was awarded to staff with violations on their records, with about half of that amount going to peo-
ple who have violated the Tax Code. Other personnel at the IRS received cash bonuses or other awards despite being cited for drug use, making vio-lent threats, fraudulently claiming un-employment benefits, and misusing government credit cards. 
In fact, the report indicates that 
close to 70 percent of the IRS personnel received some sort of personal reward. That is incredible. That is remarkable when you think about the sorts of problems your average taxpayer has in getting help from this agency. Under my amendment, seriously delinquent— let me underscore that again—seri-ously delinquent people who will not pay their back taxes, Federal employ-ees, regardless of agency, would be in-eligible to receive a bonus or cash award. However, if you make even the most minimal effort to pay your debt or you are suffering a hardship, the amendment would not block a bonus from being made. Awarding personnel bonuses to employees who have contin-ued tax liabilities today is unconscion-able and should be stopped. I look for-ward to support for this sensible re-striction on awards given to employees who owe the Federal Government. AMENDMENT NO . 462 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up Roberts amendment No. 462. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. R OBERTS ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 462. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to over-the-counter medications) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
RESTORE ACCESS TO MEDICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to over-the-counter medications, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, this 
amendment would repeal ObamaCare’s medicine cabinet tax. The health care law now prohibits individuals from using funds in their medical savings ac-counts, such as an FSA or an HSA, to purchase over-the-counter medications without a prescription. Fifty million Americans participate in FSAs and other health savings accounts. These accounts allow individuals to set aside their own money each year on a pretax basis to pay for health care expenses such as copayments and prescriptions, or over-the-counter medications. 
Rather than promoting cost effec-
tiveness and accessibility, this provi-sion instead directs participants to po-tentially more costly, less convenient, more time-consuming alternatives. Further, it injects unnecessary confu-sion and complexity into a system that was previously straightforward and easy for consumers to utilize. This pro-vision of ObamaCare restricts Ameri-cans’ choice and flexibility in how they manage their health care expenses and adds yet another burden on our physi-cians. It should be repealed. Folks should be allowed to spend the funds in these accounts as they see fit. 
I hope for support for these two 
amendments when we begin the pro-ceedings. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 515 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. V ITTER ], 
for himself, Mr. C RUZ, and Mr. I NHOFE , pro-
poses an amendment numbered 515. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to requiring the Fed-eral Government to allow states to opt out of Common Core without penalty) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE FED-ERAL GOVERNMENT TO ALLOW STATES TO OPT OUT OF COMMON CORE WITHOUT PENALTY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the Federal Govern-ment from mandating, incentivizing, or co-ercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific aca-demic standards, instructional content, cur-ricula, assessments, or programs of instruc-tion and allowing States to opt out of the Common Core State Standards without pen-alty, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, this 
amendment No. 515 is in response to a clear and a growing and a dangerous trend, specifically for the Department of Education to inappropriately inter-vene and use carrots and sticks, and weapons sometimes, to intervene in State education policy to promote cer-tain agendas over the rights of the States. 
This began in earnest in 2010 when 
the U.S. Department of Education began offering funding through Race to the Top grants to States participating in a State consortium working toward a ‘‘common set of K–12 standards.’’ Over time, it became increasingly clear that this was all about mandating com-mon core and forcing it on States. 
In 2011, the Department of Education 
took the next step. It offered waivers to No Child Left Behind in exchange for the adoption of ‘‘college- and ca-reer-ready standards in reading/lan-guage arts and mathematics and aligned assessments.’’ Again, this is clearly all about common core. 
Now, during a time when States are 
facing increasing budget shortfalls and an inability to meet the progress re-quirements outlined in No Child Left Behind, funding and waivers were a very enticing option. They were a set of carrots and sticks that had an im-pact. This heavyhanded coercion of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.011 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1858 March 25, 2015 
States to adopt specific standards and 
assessments is unprecedented and it is something we should all be against. It goes against the tradition of State and local control of public education. 
My amendment specifically would 
create a spending-neutral reserve fund to rightly prohibit the Federal Govern-ment from taking similar actions to mandate, incent, or coerce States to adopt the common core State stand-ards or any specific set of standards, instructional content, curriculum, as-sessments, or programs of instruction. 
My amendment would also allow 
States who have already adopted cer-tain standards to opt out without fear of the Federal Government pulling back those incentives or grants or waivers. I firmly believe these deci-sions should be in State and local hands. This is really crossing the line into the Federal Government using co-ercive tactics in that regard. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 811 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up my amendment No. 811. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. V ITTER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 811. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENDING WASHING-TON’S ILLEGAL EXEMPTION FROM THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AF-FORDABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that all Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all political ap-pointees of the Administration procure their health insurance on the individual exchange in the same way as Americans at the same income level, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, this sep-
arate amendment is about a different but equally important topic. It restores our pledge to America that Congress as well as the President and the Vice President and their political ap-pointees live under the same rules Washington passes on America, specifi-
cally with regard to ObamaCare. 
This amendment is my ‘‘no exemp-
tions for Washington from ObamaCare’’ amendment. It says that Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, their political appointees go to the exchange for their health care just like every other American does who is going to the exchange. No spe-cial rules, no special exemptions, no special subsidies. We live by the law going to the exchange just like all Americans. 
This amendment specifically does 
not apply to congressional staff. It is about Members of Congress, the Presi-dent, the Vice President, their political appointees. I think it should be the first rule of American democracy that what Washington passes on America, it lives with itself. Same way, same rules, no special exemptions, no special sub-sidies, no special rules. 
We specifically passed that with re-
gard to ObamaCare and the exchanges when we passed a Senate floor amend-ment in this regard. Unfortunately, after the passage of ObamaCare, and when Washington folks understood what that language meant, there was a furious attempt to get out from under that language. That ended up resulting in a special Executive order and OPM rule promulgated by President Obama that completely frustrates the clear language and intent of that Senate floor amendment. 
This budget amendment would say: 
No, we are going to live by what we said, and we are going to apply to our-selves ObamaCare and getting our health insurance on the exchanges, just as we would have that operate with re-gard to all other Americans. 
I urge support for this amendment as 
well. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I can utilize a felt pen during my presentation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today 
I rise to discuss the budget blueprint we are debating here in this Chamber and that we will be voting on here on the floor of the Senate shortly. In eval-uating this budget, this budget pro-duced by my Republican colleagues, I am asking the question: Is this a budg-et designed to work for working Ameri-cans? That is just a simple core ques-tion. 
If your vision of America is that you 
want families to thrive, then you are going to design a budget for those working families to thrive. So that is a key question as we discuss this blue-print. It is certainly clear that a budg-et designed to work for working Ameri-cans means jobs. It means quality, af-fordable education. It means retire-ment security. It means financial fair-ness for consumers. It means fixing a Tax Code that is stuffed full of favors for the wealthy and well-connected and instead directing resources to establish a foundation for working families to do well and provide us all the foundation 
for raising their children so they can get a good start in life. 
I thought we should go through and 
evaluate how this budget performs on basic items related to the success of working families. We have here a little scorecard so we can keep track. The middle-class budget report card, Sen-ate GOP budget. How does it do? 
Well, let’s start at looking at invest-
ment in infrastructure. Europe is spending 5 percent of its gross domestic product on infrastructure. China is spending 10 percent. In America, only 2 percent. We are vastly underbuilding our infrastructure, which means we are failing to create good-paying jobs now, which is a foundation for the success of working families, and we are imper-iling the success of our future economy by failing to make this investment. 
Indeed, we have a huge infrastructure 
deficit. There is no effort to address this deficit in this budget. Oh, the budget does have symbolic language that recognizes theoretically the need to invest in infrastructure but does not direct resources to that effect. So in committee and on the floor, we have offered amendments to say: Let’s make a real investment in this effort, not just happy words. 
Well, in committee, it was rejected 
on a party-line vote, 10 to 12. Then yes-terday on the floor Senator S
ANDERS  
offered an amendment that would take and direct a substantial investment to taking—closing egregious tax loop-holes—and directing those resources to building the infrastructure in America. It would create 9 million jobs across this country. And what happened? The Republicans resoundingly rejected it. 
Why is that the case? Why do they 
not see the need to invest in infrastruc-ture in America—voting, as we have, 45 Democrats saying yes, let’s invest in infrastructure, let’s create jobs, and 52 of my colleagues across the aisle say-ing, No way, no how, we are not going to do the important work to address the deficit in infrastructure? 
So, unfortunately, this budget gets 
an F when it comes to infrastructure. 
Surely, as we turn to education, we 
will find this budget does a somewhat better job. We all understand that early childhood education has an in-credible return, so surely this budget invests in Head Start to give our chil-dren of challenged families the ability to start on a path to success. We know we have a world knowledge economy in which education is essential. So, sure-ly, this budget provides for more eligi-ble children to participate in the Head Start Program. 
But if that was your assumption, you 
will be sorely disappointed, because this budget makes cuts to Head Start that would kick 110,000 children off the program over a 10-year period. It is di-rect damage to the success of 110,000 children, and that is before you com-bine it with sequestration cuts. At that point the estimate is it would cut 620,000 American children out of Head 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.049 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1859 March 25, 2015 
Start over this coming decade. That is 
just wrong. 
Let’s turn to higher education. One 
of the biggest stresses for American families is the galloping inflation in tuition and the declining ability of Pell grants to cover a small portion of that tuition for our most financially chal-lenged families. So, surely, this budget invests in Pell grants. I certainly would have expected it to. But, indeed, we find it cuts $101 billion over 10 years out of Pell grants. In other words, this budget is designed to continue to close the doors of opportunity for our stu-dents from financially challenged fami-lies across this country. 
I believe in opportunity. I believe in 
the American dream. But this budget, the Republican budget, believes in clos-ing the doors on opportunity in this Nation. That is just wrong. 
Well, Pell grants aren’t the only 
component of higher education that helps make college affordable. Another piece is low-interest loans. Most fami-lies are going to have to borrow to help finance higher education. In fact, of those students who have college debt, the average debt today, coming out of college, is about $26,000. That is the av-erage. Many of our children have debts at $50,000 or $75,000 or $100,000 coming out of a 4-year college. That kind of feels like the size of a home mortgage as a millstone around their neck. So surely this budget lowers interest rates on our students’ loans so they can refi-nance their loans to take advantage of the current low interest rates. Wouldn’t that be a wonderful thing to do, to create opportunity? 
We had a vote on this floor for an 
amendment to do just that, to enable our students to refinance, to take ad-vantage of the current lower interest rates—and my Republican colleagues defeated that amendment 53 to 46. 
Not only that, but their budget has a 
provision that gets rid of the no-inter-est period when a student on a Stafford loan is in college and gets rid of the 6- month grace period—no-interest rate period—when a student graduates from college. This is estimated, for a student who is starting college in 2015, to in-crease the cost of their interest pay-ments by about $5,000 to $7,000 as they repay their loan. 
So, Head Start, savaged in this budg-
et—just simply wrong. Pell grants, sav-aged in this budget—just simply wrong. Interest accruing increased—and that is just wrong. 
It is clear there is no commitment to 
education in this budget, the founda-tion for opportunity. This budget, no question about it, that is an F on edu-cation. 
Let’s turn to another area. Hopefully 
we can get a better grade. Food secu-rity. Food security for American fami-lies. A lot of families are having a very tough time putting food on the table. But what do we find? We find this budget has a $660 billion reduction over 10 years in programs that support low- income Americans, explicitly including the SNAP program—the SNAP pro-
gram, the name we now use for food stamps. 
There is a quote attributed to Queen 
Marie Antoinette, who was the wife of Louis XVI. During the French Revolu-tion, she was reported to have said, when told that the citizens were pro-testing the high price of bread because they were spending 50 percent of their income just on bread: ‘‘Let them eat cake.’’ 
That has become a symbol of a ruler 
completely out of touch with the chal-lenges faced by ordinary citizens. 
So what do we have in this budget? 
We have in this budget provisions that say to hungry children across America, to children of challenged families across America: Let them go hungry. 
So here, too, only one grade is earned 
by this budget in food security, and that is an F for failing our children on food. 
Let’s turn from our children to our 
seniors on Medicare, for example. This budget recreates the Medicare dough-nut hole. This is the doughnut hole seniors fall into when they get no cov-erage to help them buy drugs after an initial period in which they got some subsidies, and then they fall off a cliff into the doughnut hole. 
Well, 53,000 seniors would pay more 
for their drugs in just my State next year. That is about 5 million seniors across the course of this country who are now going to be ensnared in this doughnut hole. 
Moreover, this budget cuts $430 bil-
lion out of Medicare. So whether it is getting rid of key provisions designed to help our seniors, such as eliminating the doughnut hole or simply solid in-vestment in our health care program for seniors, this budget too gets a fail-ing grade. That is an F for failing our seniors on Medicare. 
How about consumer protection? We 
have made a lot of progress in con-sumer protection. We used to have con-sumer protection split between a whole series of agencies. Of course, the key agency in all of it was the Federal Re-serve. The Federal Reserve has mone-tary personnel in the penthouse—that was really what they were paying most attention to—and folks kept coming to the Federal Reserve and saying: Hey, there are these new predatory home mortgages that are going to do enor-mous damage to families across the country, and the Federal Reserve had no response to this. They did not act. In fact, they had consumer protection locked in the basement of the Federal Reserve, and they threw away the key. They were simply totally uninterested. 
So back in 2009 and 2010, we said: 
Let’s consolidate these programs that have responsibility for consumer pro-tection to one agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and let’s make sure this agency has the funding, like every other financial regulator, so that it can’t be essentially starved to death by those legislators who, on be-half of powerful special interests, don’t believe in consumer protection. The 
CFPB, the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau, has returned $5 billion back to consumers who were cheated, and it has prevented billions more from being stripped away through other predatory practices. 
So you would think that all 100 Mem-
bers of this Senate would stand and say: We want a budget that strengthens the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau because it does so much that is right in America in ending cheating, ending predatory practices against working Americans. 
But, no, what we have in this budget 
is an effort to eliminate the financial independence of the CFPB. If you can think about it as oxygen to a scuba diver—folks want to be able to step on that air hose or constrict that air hose, starve that agency to death. So this budget gets an F on consumer protec-tion. 
Well, certainly, since this budget 
does so much to cut food, cut Head Start, cut Pell grants, increase interest rates, fails to invest in infrastructure, and it does so much damage to our sen-iors on Medicare, certainly it is asking for some sacrifice from our richest Americans, some bit of sacrifice from the corporate fat cats who are getting egregious tax loophole benefits. 
In particular, one loophole that I 
think drives every American citizen nuts is a loophole that subsidizes the shipment of our jobs overseas. Can’t we all agree to shut down that loophole? 
Well, you would think so. But we had 
a vote on shutting down this loophole in committee, and a party-line vote said: No, we are going to leave this loophole in place. 
So in terms of protecting American 
jobs by shutting down a loophole that funds our adversaries overseas or our competitors overseas, this budget gets an F. 
How about tax fairness for the middle 
class? I have heard a lot of happy words about fighting for the middle class. Is there something in this budget that proceeds to say the best off are going to pay their fair share so that middle- class Americans get a better break? 
In 1995, the richest Americans paid 
about 30 percent of their adjusted gross income in taxes. But by 2012, that rate had dropped to 17 percent. 
So does this budget rectify that? 
Does this budget say folks at the top end should pay their fair share? No, it doesn’t, not one slim dime extracted on behalf of fairness from the best off in our society. 
So what we have here, attack the 
middle class, no tax fairness, so there is an F grade on tax fairness. 
Attack the middle class in every pos-
sible way. Attack the children, attack food security, fail on infrastructure, fail on consumer protection, and pro-ceed to protect all the egregious provi-sions for the very best off in our soci-ety. 
It is unfortunate to see such a dra-
matically terrible budget put before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.051 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1860 March 25, 2015 
this body. I think the American citi-
zens can only be deeply disappointed to see a budget put forward intended to accelerate and increase inequality in our Nation, destroy our jobs, ship them overseas, underfund food security, fail-ure on investment for our infrastruc-ture, a failing grade all around. 
We can do much better. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am 
sure the Senator from Oregon is right. We can do much better. We sure as hell didn’t do any better for the last 6 years. 
SEQUESTRATION  
Mr. President, I wish to talk for a 
few minutes—and I have a couple of my colleagues waiting, so I won’t take as long as perhaps I would—about seques-tration. 
Sequestration was a poison pill that 
originally was designed to force Repub-licans and Democrats to sit down to-gether and reach a bargain that would entail increasing some revenues and also budget cuts. And the looming axe that would fall out there was seques-tration, which was believed at the time that because sequestration was so ter-rible it would force the two parties to-gether to come to an agreement. Well, we know they never did, and we know now, ever since 2011, we have been liv-ing with sequestration. 
While we have been living with se-
questration, the world has turned into a place of enormous turmoil and threats to the security of our Nation, which has escalated dramatically in those intervening years. At some point, I would like to come to the floor, maybe later, showing the world in 2011 and the world in 2015. 
Thanks to a feckless foreign policy, 
leading from behind and abandoning our allies, this administration has caused the world to be in more turmoil and not in just the opinion of this Sen-ator. Every witness before our Com-mittee on Armed Services has agreed on one thing. These witnesses have been Madeleine Albright, Henry Kis-singer, George Shultz, Brent Scow-croft, Zbigniew Brzezinski, and I could go on and on. We have had the smart-est minds in America before our com-mittee and every one of them has said exactly the same thing, no matter whether they served under Republican or Democratic administrations, they said they have never seen the world in more turmoil. 
So sequestration, if there ever was a 
reason for it, is long gone. The fact is not only are we not going to be able to defend this Nation, but we are going to put American lives at risk. That is not the opinion of this Senator from Ari-zona, it is the opinion of every one of our service leaders who have, again, been before our committee. 
So now we are not repealing seques-
tration, but we have this—and it is a gimmick—overseas contingency oper-ations, which was not designed for this but is now a way of increasing our spending on defense. I would much 
rather have had us face the issues square head-on and increase our de-fense spending in the normal way in the budgetary process. That didn’t hap-pen. So now as we begin our votes on the budget, I am faced with two choices, and this body is faced with two choices: either the increases in over-seas contingency operations or go back to sequestration. Those numbers are not acceptable. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to go ahead and pass this budget and give our military what they need. In fact, they need more than what is in the budget before us, but at least it is some ability to address the challenges to our Nation. 
I just want to mention we are not 
only talking about the defense of our Nation, we are talking about the lives of the men and women who are serving in the military. In the view of our mili-tary commanders, their lives are being put at risk. I don’t know how anyone in this body, no matter how they feel about defense, could vote in a way that would put the lives of the men and women serving in the military at greater risk. I don’t know how anyone would do that. 
All four service chiefs agreed, during 
questioning from Senator K
ING of 
Maine, that ‘‘American lives are being put at risk.’’ The Secretary of Defense testified before the committee, ‘‘Se-questration threatens our military’s readiness, the size of our warfighting forces, the capabilities of our air-naval fleets, and ultimately the lives of our men and women in uniform.’’ 
The National Defense Panel, put to-
gether with some of the brightest minds in America, said unless seques-tration is reversed, ‘‘the United States could find itself in a position where it must either abandon an important na-tional interest or enter a conflict for which it is not fully prepared.’’ 
I don’t know anybody who is more re-
spected than Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft by all, and he said: 
Absolutely, I would [repeal sequestration]. 
It is a terrible way to determine force struc-ture strategy, or anything like it. It’s under-mining our ability to do what we need to do to retain . . . alert for the contingencies of the world. 
General James Mattis: ‘‘No foe in the 
field can [wreak] such havoc on our se-curity that mindless sequestration is achieving.’’ 
General Jack Keane: ‘‘Sequestration 
is not only irresponsible, in the face of emerging challenges, it is downright reckless.’’ 
GEN Ray Odierno said the following: 
Sequestration is the single greatest barrier 
to the effectiveness of our Armed Forces—to its Training, Readiness, and Modernization. I assure you that ending sequestration is the most prudent measure we can take for ensur-ing that our military is able to meet the de-mands of global security now and in the fu-ture. 
General Odierno went on to say: 
The choices we must make to meet seques-
tration-level funding are forcing us to reduce our Army to a size and with limited capabili-
ties that I am not comfortable with. If we follow this path to its end, we will find a hol-low Army. 
If we do not have the resources to train 
and equip the force, our Soldiers, our young men and women, are the ones who will pay the price, potentially with their lives. 
That is from the Chief of Staff of the 
U.S. Army. The young men and women are the ones who will pay the price, po-tentially with their lives. 
Gen. Mark Welsh, Chief of Staff of 
the Air Force, said: ‘‘The vulnerabili-ties sequestration introduces into our force will encourage our adversaries, worry our allies, limit the number of concurrent operations we can conduct, and increase risk to the men and women who fight America’s next war.’’ 
Secretary of State George Shultz, 
one of the most revered men in Amer-ica, had this to say: ‘‘Sequestration seems to me like legislative insanity.’’ 
Secretary of State Madeleine 
Albright: ‘‘I’m very concerned about sequestration and the deep cuts that have been taken . . . I think it jeopard-izes America’s military reach.’’ 
The Director of National Intelligence 
said: 
. . . just based on my best professional judg-
ment and having served in this business for a long time I’m very concerned about it. And if we revert to sequestration in 2016, the damage to the intelligence community will be quite profound. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff: 
In an age when we are less certain about 
what will happen next, but quite certain it will happen more quickly, we will be further away and less ready than we need to be. Sim-ply stated, sequestration will result in a dra-matic change in how we protect our nation and how we promote our national interests. 
Lt. Gen. John Kelly, the commander 
of U.S. Southern Command: 
If sequestration returns in FY16, our abil-
ity to support national security objectives, including conducting many of our essential missions, will be significantly undermined. 
....  I  would tell you in Latin America, in 
Southern Command, [sequestration] will be, just simply put, a catastrophe. It will essen-tially put me out of business. 
The commander of our Southern 
Command, who is responsible for our Southern Hemisphere, goes on to say: 
If sequestrations happen, I will be down to 
maybe one Coast Guard, maybe two Coast Guard cutters. That means of the 158 [met-ric] tons [of cocaine] I would expect to get this year, I probably if I’m lucky will get 20 tons. 
Admiral William Gortney, Com-
mander of the Northern Command: ‘‘Sequestration targets both current and future readiness and risks a hollow force undertrained and underprepared for today’s emerging threats.’’ 
My friends, I will come to the floor 
one more time with a map—a map of the Middle East and a map of other parts of the world where the United States is under almost unprecedented threat. 
We are faced with the prospect of 
threats to the United States of Amer-ica and the men and women who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.052 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1861 March 25, 2015 
serving it in uniform. We are moving 
forward with OCO, which is very unsat-isfactory but a way through this at least for 1 year. I would point out this is only for 1 year and that the ability of the Defense Department to plan is in great jeopardy. This makes it incred-ibly difficult, but we are where we are. 
I understand, as do my friends on 
both sides of the aisle, that we need to increase defense spending and that there are a lot of needs in the country. All of them are serious and compelling, but I don’t know anything more com-pelling right now than what our mili-tary leaders have told us, which is that we are putting the lives of the men and women serving in uniform at risk. 
So I say to my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle, as dire as the deficit is, and it is a challenge to the future of our children as well, right now we are facing a far greater risk. I hope we can pass this budget with the OCO in it and then sit down and seriously work to re-peal this Damocles sword called se-questration. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
quotes I read from earlier. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
ALL SERVICE CHIEFS (1 /28/15) 
Each of the four service chiefs agreed dur-
ing questioning from Senator King (I–ME) that ‘‘American lives are being put at risk’’ by sequestration. 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ASH CARTER (3 /4/15) 
‘‘Sequestration threatens our military’s 
readiness, the size of our warfighting forces, the capabilities of our air-naval fleets, and ultimately the lives of our men and women in uniform.’’ 
NATIONAL DEFENSE PANEL (2014)  
‘‘The defense budget cuts mandated by the 
Budget Control Act (BCA) of 2011, coupled with the additional cuts and constraints on defense management under the law’s seques-
tration provision, constitute a serious stra-tegic misstep on the part of the United States. Not only have they caused signifi-cant investment shortfalls in U.S. military readiness and both present and future capa-bilities, they have prompted our current and potential allies and adversaries to question our commitment and resolve. Unless re-versed, these shortfalls will lead to a high risk force in the near future.’’ 
Unless sequestration is reversed, ‘‘the 
United States could find itself in a position where it must either abandon an important national interest or enter a conflict for which it is not fully prepared.’’ 
BRENT SCOWCROFT (1 /21/15) 
‘‘Absolutely, I would [repeal sequestra-
tion]. It is a terrible way to determine force structure strategy, or anything like it. It is undermining our ability to do what we need to do to retain . . . alert for the contin-gencies of the world.’’ 
GENERAL JAMES MATTIS (1 /27/15) 
‘‘No foe in the field can [wreak] such havoc 
on our security that mindless sequestration is achieving.’’ 
GENERAL JACK KEANE (1 /27/15) 
‘‘Sequestration, is not only irresponsible, 
in the face of emerging challenges, it is downright reckless.’’ 
GENERAL RAY ODIERNO (1 /28/15) 
‘‘Sequestration is the single greatest bar-
rier to the effectiveness of our Armed Forces—to its Training, Readiness, and Mod-
ernization. I assure you that ending seques-tration is the most prudent measure we can take for ensuring that our military is able to meet the demands of global security now and in the future.’’ 
‘‘Should sequestration or sequester funding 
levels return in FY16, the Army will have to further limit the readiness of forces around the world while slashing Army moderniza-tion, extending and postponing maintenance cycles, and standing by as the conditions of our facilities deteriorate.’’ 
‘‘With an increase in threats around the 
world that have rendered some of our plan-ning assumptions optimistic, we must ac-knowledge that the FY16 post-sequestration spending cap, which was set almost four years ago, has not kept pace or accounted for an increasingly complex and dangerous world . . . With the velocity of instability in-creasing around the world . . . now is not the time to be dramatically reducing capability and capacity.’’ 
‘‘If we are forced to take further 
endstrength reductions beyond the planned levels in the President’s budget due to se-questration, our flexibility deteriorates, as does our ability to react to strategic sur-prise. We are witnessing firsthand mistaken assumptions about the number, duration, lo-cation, and size of future conflicts and the need to conduct post-stability operations. These miscalculations translate directly into increased military risk.’’ 
‘‘A return to sequestration-level funding 
would require the Army to size and equip the force based on what we can afford, not what we need, increasing the risk that when called to deploy, we will either not have enough Soldiers or will send Soldiers that are not properly trained and equipped.’’ 
‘‘The choices we must make to meet se-
questration-level funding are forcing us to reduce our Army to a size and with limited capabilities that I am not comfortable with. If we follow this path to its end, we will find a hollow Army.’’ 
‘‘If we do not have the resources to train 
and equip the force, our Soldiers, our young men and women, are the ones who will pay the price, potentially with their lives.’’ 
ADMIRAL JONATHAN GREENERT (1 /28/15) 
‘‘A return to sequestration in FY 2016 
would necessitate a revisit and revision of the DSG. Required cuts will force us to fur-ther delay critical warfighting capabilities, reduce readiness of forces needed for contin-gency response, forego or stretch procure-ment of ships and submarines, and further downsize weapons capacity.’’ 
‘‘We will be compelled to go to fewer 
places, and do fewer things. Most impor-tantly, when facing major contingencies, our ability to fight and win will neither be quick nor decisive.’’ 
GENERAL MARK WELSH (1 /28/15) 
‘‘A return to sequestered levels of funding 
in FY16 will reverse any progress we made in addressing our infrastructure and facility maintenance and exacerbate our problems with readiness and modernization. It will also make it impossible for us to meet the operational requirements of the Defense Strategic Guidance.’’ 
‘‘Our overall readiness as a force is already 
significantly impacted by the size and age of our current aircraft fleet. It is now the smallest and oldest in the history of our service. It is also the least ready—less than half of our combat coded units are fully com-bat capable. As Secretary James and I testi-fied a year ago, a return to sequestered lev-els of funding in FY16 will multiply the num-ber of very tough choices we will be forced to make in our FY16 POM recommendations. All of them impact our ability to do the jobs the Nation, and the joint force, expect of 
us.’’ 
‘‘We will not have sufficient force struc-
ture to meet the fundamental requirement to simultaneously Defeat an adversary, Deny a second adversary, and Defend the Home-land.’’ 
‘‘The vulnerabilities sequestration intro-
duces into our force will encourage our ad-versaries, worry our allies, limit the number of concurrent operations we can conduct, and increase risk to the men and women who fight America’s next war.’’ 
GENERAL JOSEPH DUNFORD (1 /28/15) 
‘‘In order to maintain the readiness of our 
forward deployed forces, we’ve assumed risk in our home station readiness, moderniza-tion, infrastructure sustainment, and qual-ity of life programs. As a result, approxi-mately half of our non-deployed unites, those who provide the bench to respond to the unexpected, are suffering personnel, equipment and training shortfalls. In a major conflict, those shortfalls will result in a delayed response and/or additional casual-ties. We’re investing in modernization at an historically low level.’’ 
‘‘BCA funding levels with sequester rules 
will preclude the Marine Corps from meeting the requirements of the Defense Strategic Guidance. Sequester will exacerbate the challenges we have today. It will also result in a Marine Corps with fewer active duty battalions and squadrons than would be re-quired for a single major contingency. Per-haps disconcerting, it will result in fewer Marines and sailors being forward deployed in a position to immediately respond to cri-ses involving our diplomatic posts, American citizens or interest overseas.’’ 
‘‘The foundation of the all-volunteer 
force. . .is trust. Sequestration will erode the trust that our young men and women in uniform, civil servants and families have in their leadership. And the cost of losing that trust is incalculable.’’ 
SECRETARY OF STATE GEORGE SHULTZ (1 /29/15) 
‘‘Sequestration seems to me like legisla-
tive insanity.’’ 
SECRETARY OF STATE MADELEINE ALBRIGHT (1 / 
29/15) 
‘‘I’m very concerned about sequestration 
and the deep cuts that have been taken. . . I do think it jeopardizes America’s military reach.’’ 
DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE JAMES  
CLAPPER (2 /26/15) 
In the case of the Intelligence Community, 
the impacts ‘‘are more insidious in that pre-dicting when we have a lesser capability will eventuate in a failure is hard to quantify. But just based on my best professional judg-ment and having served in this business for a long time I’m very concerned about it. And if we revert to sequestration in 2016, the damage to the intelligence community will be quite profound.’’ 
ASH CARTER (3 /4/15) 
‘‘The prospect of sequestration’s serious 
damage to our national security and econ-omy is tragically not a result of an economic emergency or recession. It is not because these budget cuts are a mathematical solu-tion to the nation’s overall fiscal challenge— they are not. It is not because paths of curb-ing nondiscretionary spending and reforming our tax system have been explored and ex-hausted—they have not. It is not due to a breakthrough in military technology or a new strategic insight that somehow makes continued defense spending unnecessary— there has been no such silver bullet. And it is not because the world has suddenly be-come more peaceful—for it is abundantly clear that it has not. Instead, sequestration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.054 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1862 March 25, 2015 
is purely the collateral damage of political 
gridlock. And friends and potential enemies around the world are watching.’’ 
‘‘Under sequestration, our military—and 
our national security—would have to take on irresponsible and unnecessary risk—risk that previous Administrations and Congres-sional leaders have wisely chosen to avoid.’’ 
‘‘Allowing sequestration to return would 
deprive our troops of what they need to ac-complish their missions.’’ 
‘‘All who bemoan unnecessary Pentagon 
program delays and the associated cost over-runs should know that sequestration will only make these problems worse.’’ 
MARTIN DEMPSEY (3 /4/15) 
‘‘The PB16 budget. . .is what we need to re-
main at the lower ragged edge of manageable risk in our ability to execute the defense strategy. However, we have no slack, no margin left for error or strategic surprise.’’ 
‘‘Funding lower than PB16, especially if se-
questration-level cuts return next year, com-bined with a lack of flexibility to make the reforms we need, will render the overall risk to our defense strategy unmanageable. In other words, our Nation’s current defense strategy will no longer be viable.’’ 
‘‘In an age when we are less certain about 
what will happen next, but quite certain that it will happen more quickly, we will be fur-ther away and less ready than we need to be. Simply stated, sequestration will result in a dramatic change in how we protect our na-tion and how we promote our national inter-ests.’’ 
GENERAL JOHN KELLY , COMMANDER , U.S. 
SOUTHERN COMMAND (3 /12/15) 
‘‘If sequestration returns in FY16, our abil-
ity to support national security objectives, including conducting many of our essential missions, will be significantly undermined.’’ 
‘‘Limited tactical ISR allocation and na-
tional technical focus is impairing virtually every one of our assigned missions and ex-posing the southern approaches to the United States to significant risk. Sequestra-tion will compound this chal-lenge. . .[S]equestration will likely evis-cerate our already limited ISR capacity.’’ 
‘‘Its potential return in FY16 would jeop-
ardize our progress; undermine our credi-bility and [Latin America’s] trust in our commitments; and present renewed hard-ships for our civilian and military work-force.’’ 
‘‘I would tell you in Latin America, in 
Southern Command, [sequestration] will be, just simply put, a catastrophe. It will essen-tially put me out of business.’’ 
‘‘If sequestrations happen, I will be down 
to maybe one Coast Guard, maybe two Coast Guard cutters. That means of the 158 [met-ric] tons [of cocaine] I would expect to get this year, I probably if I’m lucky will get 20 tons.’’ 
ADMIRAL WILLIAM GORTNEY , COMMANDER , 
NORTHERN COMMAND , (3/12/15) 
‘‘Sequestration targets both current and 
future readiness and risks a hollow force undertrained and underprepared for today’s emerging threats. The across-the-board cuts required to meet sequestration spending lev-els beginning again in FY 2016 mean critical capabilities USNORTHCOM and NORAD de-pend on to accomplish our missions could be in jeopardy, even as our potential adver-saries remain persistent and innovative.’’ 
ADMIRAL CECIL HANEY , COMMANDER , U.S. 
STRATEGIC COMMAND , (3/19/15) 
‘‘The President’s FY16 Budget supports my 
mission requirements, but there is no margin to absorb risk. Any cuts to that budget in-cluding those imposed by sequestration will hamper our ability to sustain and modernize our military forces, and will add significant risk to our strategic capabilities now and in 
the future.’’ 
Mr. M CCAIN. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
AMENDMENT NO . 443 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and I be al-lowed to call up amendment No. 443 and that the amendment be made pend-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. G ARDNER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 443. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to protecting privately held water rights and permits) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING PRI-VATELY HELD WATER RIGHTS AND PERMITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting communities, busi-nesses, recreationists, farmers, ranchers, or other groups that rely on privately held water rights and permits from Federal takings by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, when 
you walk into the capitol of Colorado, there in that great rotunda is a mural on the wall by Thomas Hornsby Ferril, and it starts out with a very simple phrase that reads: ‘‘Here is a land where life is written in water.’’ So dur-ing this budget I will be offering amendment No. 443 to make sure we are protecting that lifeblood of Colo-rado—our water—and to make sure our State property rights, State law, is able to prevail against the intrusions by the Federal Government. 
Over the past several decades, we 
have watched as the Federal Govern-ment has attempted to assert bypass flows or Federal reserve water rights that impede our ability to carry out private water rights and to, indeed, protect Colorado private water rights. Whether it is the imposition of a by-pass flow on a ditch that is going through Forest Service ground or per-haps the new Forest Service ski area water rule or the groundwater rule they are now discussing, these are, once again, challenges to the suprem-acy of State water law. 
This government has a long history 
of yielding to State water law—making sure that State water law is supreme 
when it comes to how we carry out and manage our State water rights. Over the years, bipartisan coalitions in Col-orado, Wyoming, and beyond have emerged to make sure we are pro-tecting our water rights, to make sure the Federal Government isn’t coming in outside of our system of water law. 
Colorado is extremely complex. We 
are the only State in the Union that carries out our water law, our surface water rights in the way we do. Unfortu-nately, whether it is the Forest Serve, the Department of Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture, other agen-cies have continued to seek their ways to impose a water right at the Federal level without going through the same channels, the same water law system that other people in Colorado do—peo-ple who by rights, by law, and by our constitution have the rightful owner-ship of Colorado water rights and water permits. 
This amendment protects commu-
nities, businesses, recreationists, farm-ers, and ranchers that rely on these privately held water rights and permits from Federal takings. The amendment recognizes the longstanding authority to manage water according to our State law. 
Today, water rights and permit hold-
ers face challenges, and this can come to an end when we put into our budget our principles, our purposes, and our efforts in making sure we put policies forward in the next several months that respects Colorado water law. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
this amendment, which is a vote to protect constitutionally held private water rights and permits. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 777, AS MODIFIED  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Sanders amendment No. 777 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CUTTING CARBON POLLUTION TO PREVENT HUMAN-IN-DUCED CLIMATE CHANGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting Americans from the impacts of human-induced climate change, which may include action on policies that re-duce emissions by the amounts that the sci-entific community says are needed to avert catastrophic climate change, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.017 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1863 March 25, 2015 
2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 
2016 through 2025. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have the fol-lowing Senators added as cosponsors to his amendment: Senators B
OXER , MAR-
KEY, and S CHATZ . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 801 
(Purpose: To build on the Bipartisan Budget 
Act of 2013 by restoring a below-sequester level cut of $9,000,000,000 to nondefense dis-cretionary spending in 2017, replacing se-questration in 2016 and 2017 and increasing funding above sequester levels by a total of $148,000,000,000 for the 2 years, increasing defense and nondefense discretionary spending above sequester levels by equal amounts, eliminating the overseas contin-gency operations gimmick contained in the committee-reported resolution, and offsetting the net increase in defense and nondefense discretionary spending by clos-ing tax loopholes). 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 801. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY], for herself, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , and 
Mr. K ING, proposes an amendment numbered 
801. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as 
many of us here have said before, a budget is far more than simply num-bers on a page. A budget is a statement of values, of priorities, the kind of Na-tion we are, and the kind of Nation we want to be. 
For Democrats, that means our budg-
et should help us move toward an econ-omy that is built from the middle out, not from the top down, and a govern-ment that works for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
When Democrats wrote our budget 
last Congress, we made our values and priorities crystal clear. We put jobs, economic growth, and the middle class first. We replaced the automatic budg-et cuts evenly among defense and non-defense investments, with an equal mix of responsible spending cuts and rev-enue raised by closing wasteful tax loopholes used by the wealthiest Amer-icans and biggest corporations. We ad-dressed our long-term deficit and debt challenges fairly and responsibly. And we kept our promises that we have made to our seniors and families. 
The Republican House didn’t simply 
accept our budget, of course. But I am very proud that coming out of the ter-rible government shutdown at the end of 2013, we were finally able to break through the gridlock and dysfunction to reach a bipartisan budget deal that put in place a budget for 2 years, pre-vented another government shutdown, 
and rolled back the worst of the auto-matic cuts. 
That deal wasn’t the budget I would 
have written on my own and it wasn’t the one Republicans would have writ-ten on their own, but it did end the lurching from crisis to crisis, it helped workers, it helped our economy, and made it clear that there is bipartisan support for rolling back sequestration in a balanced way. 
Our bipartisan deal was a strong step 
in the right direction, and I was hope-ful we could work together to build on it. But Republicans have taken a very different approach this year. 
Instead of building on our bipartisan 
budget deal, this Republican budget would be a huge step backward. Instead of moving us toward a government that works for all of our families, this budg-et would push us toward a budget that works for the wealthy and well-con-nected, but actually leaves the middle class and working families behind. 
We know there is bipartisan support 
to replace sequestration in a balanced and fair way. Not only did we prove that with our bipartisan budget deal last time, but Democrats and Repub-licans across the country have contin-ued to come out against the senseless cuts to defense and nondefense invest-ments. 
But in this Republican budget—a 
budget that aims nearly 70 percent of all its spending cuts at programs that combat poverty, that cuts more than $1 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, that calls for a total of $5 trillion in spending cuts—in this budget, my Re-publican colleagues couldn’t even find a single penny to pay for more invest-ments in education, research, or de-fense investments for this coming year. 
To put that in perspective, the budg-
et agreement I reached with Chairman P
AULRYANin 2013 found $85 billion in 
savings to pay for sequester relief over 2 years. That is less than 2 percent of the total savings this Republican budg-et claims to have in it. And yet the across-the-board cuts to both defense and nondefense priorities remain in place. Why is that? 
Well, instead of using a tiny fraction 
of the enormous cuts this budget has in it to pay for investments that both Re-publicans and Democrats agree must be made, it relies on a gimmick and in-creases OCO funding to appear to patch over the problem on the defense side, but then doesn’t actually allow for the increased OCO funding to be even spent, and does nothing at all for non-defense investments such as education, research, jobs, and infrastructure. 
I know our Republican colleagues are 
sincere when they say they want to find a way to increase the caps, espe-cially for defense purposes, but this budget in front of us today simply does not do that. Gimmicks and lip service are not enough for me, and I don’t see why they are enough for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, espe-cially given the deliberate choice not to use any of the $5 trillion in cuts in this to pay for some relief, a choice that should greatly concern anyone 
who genuinely wants to fix this prob-lem. 
So I come to the floor to offer an-
other way—a way that would make it clear that we will in fact fix these senseless across-the-board cuts known as sequestration. 
My amendment builds on the Bipar-
tisan Budget Act of 2013 and extends the replacement of sequestration through fiscal years 2016 and 2017. This amendment maintains the principle that Democrats will not abandon—that sequestration should be replaced even-ly across defense and nondefense in-vestments. And it builds on the idea 
that sequestration should be replaced with a mix of responsible spending cuts and new revenue raised by closing wasteful tax loopholes. 
By providing Defense with real re-
sources to replace the sequester cuts, it gets rid of the OCO gimmick that was added in committee. 
Finally, it includes language to auto-
matically release the additional de-fense and nondefense funding to the Appropriations Committee upon the in-crease in the statutory caps, similar to language that we passed in the pre-vious budget. 
Now we all know there is going to 
have to be a solution to these auto-matic cuts. President Obama has said he will not sign spending bills that lock in sequestration. And the fact is we simply can’t make the investments we need to make on both defense and nondefense if these caps remain in place. 
We should be able to give our appro-
priations committees the guidance they need to write responsible bills at bipartisan levels, and not wait for an-other crisis to hit before we come to-gether and make a deal. 
I know there are Republicans who 
understand how devastating the auto-matic cuts are for our defense and non-defense investments. I know there are Republicans who understand the value of investing in jobs, infrastructure, education, and research. I know there are Republicans who have seen the im-pact of sequestration in their States the way I have seen in my home State of Washington. And I know there are Republicans who look at this budget and wonder why it couldn’t use some of the trillions of dollars in cuts to rein-vest in American innovation or in our investments. 
So I am ready to work with any Re-
publican truly interested in building on our bipartisan budget deal in a bal-anced and responsible way. I know my colleagues will stand with me because, to us, this is about middle-class eco-nomics, plain and simple. 
We believe that when working fami-
lies do well, they spend more, they boost demand, and they grow the econ-omy in a healthy and sustainable way. We believe when low-income families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Apr 01, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S25MR5.REC S25MR5rljohnson on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1864 March 25, 2015 
are offered a hand up and an oppor-
tunity to get a job or earn more or join the middle class, that means more tax-payers, less need for housing, less need for nutrition support, and it means a growing economy. We believe the wealthiest Americans and biggest cor-porations should pay just a bit more toward their fair share. And we believe that replacing these automatic cuts in a fair and responsible way is an impor-tant part of moving toward an econ-omy that works for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this amendment so we can agree now on responsible and realistic top-line spending numbers for this year, so we can restore these investments in crit-ical defense and nondefense programs, and so we can start to allow the appro-priations committees to do their work and not wait until September for an-other crisis, another government shut-down, and the whole country looking at us as if we can’t manage our way anywhere. 
If my Republican colleagues have any 
other ideas for how we get this done, my door is open, and I am ready to get to work. But I hope we can support this amendment when we vote on it later this afternoon so we can get to work and not have another summer, another fall where the American public looks at Congress wondering if we can’t get our act together. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak briefly on an amend-ment I have already submitted in the budget bill, but which also qualifies as a ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ So I am going to do a two-for here. 
As I have said previously, I am com-
ing to the floor every week to point out a waste of funds that, if eliminated and addressed, can save the taxpayer a lot of money. We have the thermometer growing in terms of the amount of money we have been able to offer—in terms of programs that simply are not working, can be reformed or changed or dropped, and save the taxpayer a lot of dollars. 
This week’s waste addresses a well- 
intentioned Federal program that has moved away from its original intention of addressing an important social need. Officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, this program is more commonly known to the American public as food stamps. 
This program started under Presi-
dent Kennedy in the early 1960s as a temporary lifeline to those in need. Over time, the program grew. More than 30 years later, the Republican Congress, with a Democratic Presi-dent—President Clinton—reformed welfare in 1996. During that reform, they made reforms to the SNAP pro-gram, or the food stamp program by adding some qualifying information. These reforms required that in order 
to qualify for food stamps, able-bodied adults had to register for work and ac-cept a job if it was offered to them or go to a training program in order to qualify for food stamps. That was in the law. It was a welfare reform pro-gram that was supported by both Democrats and Republicans, under a Democratic President and a Republican Congress, and history has shown that it worked. 
In 2009, our current President, Presi-
dent Obama, as part of the stimulus law, modified this program and put it in a position where it now is spending a lot more money, and removed essen-tially those requirements that were agreed to by both Democrats and Re-publicans. As a journalist said: Today, SNAP is ‘‘an open-ended income-sup-plement program that discourages work.’’ 
According to the Wall Street Jour-
nal: 
Between 2008 and 2013, SNAP recipients 
grew by nearly 69%. By contrast, the poverty rate increased just 16.5% during the same pe-riod. 
With our economy recovering and 
more job opportunities becoming avail-able, I have submitted this amendment to reinstate the requirements that was agreed to, as I said, in a bipartisan way under President Clinton. 
This legislation, if we make this re-
form, has been scored as saving at least $19 billion over a period of time—no small amount. It is good stewardship of our financial resources at a time when we need to have that stewardship be-cause of the credit crunch we are now in. 
What we add here to the ever-grow-
ing thermometer that tries to take us to $100 billion of savings for taxpayers is a $19 billion chunk of savings that has been documented as achievable simply by returning the program to the place where it was implemented by both Republicans’ and Democrats’ sup-port. 
In addition to the aforementioned 
amendment, I would also like to very briefly discuss two other important amendments I have submitted to the debate on the budget bill now before us. 
AMENDMENT NO . 595 
Mr. President, I therefore ask unani-
mous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside and that I be allowed to call up amendment No. 595, and that the amendment be made pending. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. C OATS ], for 
himself and Mr. W ARNER , propose an amend-
ment numbered 595. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund to improve cybersecurity) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE CYBERSECURITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased sharing of cybersecu-rity threat information while protecting in-dividual privacy and civil liberties interests, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this 
amendment, which I will briefly state the intent of here and which I have of-fered, along with Senator W
ARNER , 
would help to strengthen our cyber se-curity defenses by calling for increased sharing of information on cyber secu-rity attacks and threats. 
Millions of Americans have been sub-
ject and impacted by cyber attacks on companies and universities, to mention a few, and the Coats-Warner amend-ment would help to strengthen our de-fenses against cyber attacks by calling for greater information sharing, but in a way that protects individual privacy and civil liberties. 
AMENDMENT NO . 368 
Mr. President, I now ask unanimous 
consent that the pending amendment be set aside and that I be allowed to call up amendment No. 368, and that the amendment be made pending. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. C OATS ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 368. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing States the Medicaid flexibility they need to imple-ment innovative reforms to improve care and enhance access for our Nation’s most vulnerable) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING STATES THE MEDICAID FLEXIBILITY THEY NEED IMPLEMENT INNOVATIVE RE-FORMS TO IMPROVE CARE AND EN-HANCE ACCESS FOR OUR NATION’S MOST VULNERABLE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Medicaid that allows States the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.060 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1865 March 25, 2015 
flexibility to build off of successful State in-
novations to ensure our Nation’s most vul-nerable Americans have improved access to quality care while reducing taxpayer costs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, this 
amendment calls for States to have the flexibility to seek innovative Medicaid reforms that can both strengthen the program and make more efficient use of taxpayer dollars. 
My State of Indiana has been a leader 
in innovative Medicaid reforms and the advancement of consumer-driven health care under the leadership of our former Governor Mitch Daniels and our current Governor Mike Pence. 
I believe States should have the op-
portunity to innovate the Medicaid Program by using flexible, accountable financing mechanisms that are trans-parent and that hold States account-able for efficiency and quality health care systems. 
This program, carefully developed 
under two Governors, has now provided those in Indiana, of lower income, op-portunities to enter into a program that uses innovative, cost-saving tech-niques, but provides quality health care with participation by our pro-viders and the hospitals, with partici-pation by our State, and with require-ments that give the consumer more choices and provide for more quality of care. It is something that I think can serve as a model as we go forward try-ing to address our health care needs and reform of the Affordable Care Act or repeal with suggested substitutes that will achieve the goals of providing quality care to people who are of low income but at a much lower price and with much less regulation than is cur-rently within the ACA. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 545 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak on my amendment, No. 545, which is an amendment that stands for the principle of building on the work of the bipartisan Menendez-Kirk legislation to call for consequences should Iran cheat on its obligations of the agreement with the United States. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, we should 
stand for the principle remembering the 290 Americans who have died at the hands of Iranian terror, including 13 Americans from Illinois. Let me read their names: James Lewis from Illi-nois, William Sheil from Illinois, Alvin Belmer, David Gay from Illinois, Jo-seph Livingston from Illinois, John A. Phillips, Jr., who went to church with me, Eric Pullman, and Gary R. Scott— all killed at the hands of Iranian ter-ror. In the memory of these Americans, we want to make sure we carry out a sense of the Senate that expresses our views that if Iran cheats on this agree-
ment, there should be sanctions. 
I call on all Members to make sure 
they back the old bipartisan coalition of Menendez-Kirk. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the time until 4:45 p.m. today be equally divided between the managers or their designees, and that at 4:45 p.m., the Senate vote in re-lation to the following amendments in the order listed, with no second-degree amendments in order prior to the votes: Stabenow No. 755; Barrasso No. 347; Sanders No. 777, as modified, on climate change; Blunt No. 350 on EPA; Hatch No. 796 on Medicare; Bennet-Sta-benow No. 601 on Medicare; Murray No. 801 on sequester replacement; Cotton No. 481 on Israel. 
I further ask unanimous consent that 
there be 2 minutes equally divided be-tween the managers or their designees prior to each vote, and that all votes after the first in this series be 10 min-utes in length. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. For the information of all 
Senators, there will be up to eight roll-call votes at 4:45 p.m. I allocate time to the Senator from Montana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
AMENDMENT NO . 388 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, last 
night, I offered amendment No. 388, to ensure the States and local govern-ments are the driving force behind the national monument designations. I ask unanimous consent to add Senator H
ATCH as a cosponsor to my amend-
ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DAINES. This is a fair and com-
monsense proposal that I believe Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle can sup-port. Before major land decisions are made by the Federal Government, the people affected most by these decisions should have a seat at the table and have their voices heard. I was confused when I heard the senior Senator from Nevada claim this morning that my amendment would in some way gut or repeal law, providing the ability for na-tional monument designations to take place. That is simply false. In sharp contrast, it is designated to strengthen the law by ensuring that the voice of the people is heard as designations are considered. After all, it is the people who are affected by these decisions, not politicians in Washington. 
As a fifth-generation Montanan and a 
lifelong sportsman, I treasure and am committed to protecting our public lands. I deeply appreciate that land-marks like Pompeys Pillar in Montana or Lehman’s Cave in Nevada have been protected for future generations. But there is a difference between targeted designations to protect historic land-marks and designating hundreds or 
even thousands or millions of acres against the will of the States and local residents. 
The Senator from Nevada is saying 
that Washington, DC, should have more influence over local land use deci-sions than the folks in Western States who live and work on this land every day. I disagree. I believe the farmers, the ranchers, the sportsmen, the com-munity members, and the State and local governments should have a say in local land decisions. I remind him the 1906 act was designed to prevent dam-age to specific sites of historical, sci-entific or cultural significance. 
As the law States, ‘‘. . . the smallest 
area compatible with the proper care in management of objects to be pro-tected.’’ The law was not intended to block out access or damage operation of nearby landowners. The law was not intended to be used as a way for a President, as they are leaving office, to unilaterally make decisions without consulting the States in the local com-munities. 
Strengthening the role of locally im-
pacted residents and States is vitally important because, unfortunately, Presidents of both parties have also abused the Antiquities Act, desig-nating unjustifiably excessive, large- scale pieces of ground through unilat-eral action despite local opposition from land users. 
Let me remind the Senator from Ne-
vada of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument designation. Local residents oppose that designation. Since the monument was designated in 1996, there has been a reduction in grazing. Development of a large coal mine has stopped. Local rural commu-nities are struggling. 
Wouldn’t it have been better to pro-
tect the Grand Staircase in a way that also protected local communities? Look to New Mexico, where the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument was designated in 2014 May against the will of local communities. 
Representative S
TEVE PEARCE had a 
bill to protect 50,000 acres of land, which he worked with local residents and affected communities to imple-ment. That bill was ignored, and the administration instead introduced a monument of 500,000 acres that touches all the way to the Mexican border. 
During President Obama’s first term, 
an internal document surfaced from the Interior Department revealing the Obama administration’s plans to use the Antiquities Act to designate 14 new national monuments, comprising mil-lions of acres across our country. One of the areas on the list is 2.5 million acres of land across northern Montana, connecting Canada’s Grasslands Na-tional Park to the Bitter Creek Wilder-ness Study Area. Right in the middle of this designation are significant swaths of public lands. This potential designa-tion is very contentious in Montana, which I believe Montanans must have a voice in determining whether it goes forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.030 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1866 March 25, 2015 
During a recent House Natural Re-
sources Committee hearing, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell confirmed that she wants public input and local input in Antiquities Act designations. So why would anyone oppose elevating State and local input in these designa-tions? 
Despite the claims made by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, my amendment will not repeal the Antiquities Act. It is not going to gut the law. It will not repeal existing protections on our national parks and national monuments. It will not prevent future designations from being made. My amendment simply en-sures that local residents and the States have a meaningful voice in de-termining monument designations. 
In 2010, former Interior Secretary 
Salazar stated during a Senate hearing that the administration would have a conversation and dialogue with people locally and across the country before any monument designations occur. 
My amendment simply holds this and 
future administrations accountable to what they said they would do, and it protects the voice of the people in deci-sions such as this. Protecting the voice of the people should not offend Mem-bers of this body. It should be our abid-ing commitment. It should be our pri-ority. 
AMENDMENT NO . 465 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 465. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. D AINES ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 465. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to Second Amendment rights) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to upholding Second Amendment rights, which shall include preventing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives from impinging upon those rights, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, my 
amendment will establish a deficit- neutral reserve fund for legislation to make sure the ATF does not infringe 
on our Second Amendment freedoms. This amendment ensures that Amer-ican sportsmen aren’t left with empty relics good for nothing more than mounting on the mantel, symbols of a bygone era of American freedom, until even the relics are taken. 
AMENDMENT NO . 387 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up amendment No. 387. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. D AINES ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 387. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral 
reserve fund relating to postal reform) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO POSTAL REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the United States Postal Service, which may include measures addressing the nonprofit postal discount for State and na-tional political committees, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, article I, 
section 8, clause 7, of the U.S. Con-stitution specifically provides for the establishment of the U.S. Postal Serv-ice. However, the Postal Service cur-rently teeters on the brink of insol-vency. In fact, a January 2015 Congres-sional Research Service report states that the Postal Service has reached its statutory borrowing limit of $15 billion and has run up more than $40 billion in deficits since fiscal year 2007. However in the midst of the Postal Service’s fi-nancially tenuous circumstance, State and national political committees are granted postal discounts which can amount to as high as a 26-percent re-duction in the standard rate paid by nonprivileged users. 
Congress would do well to put State 
and national local committees on the same playing field as ordinary Ameri-cans. The Postal Service would cer-tainly benefit from these groups paying the ordinary postage rate. Particularly in rural States like Montana, the Post-al Service plays an important role in the vitality of our communities, and it connects people. Accordingly, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting budget amendment No. 387, which would signal the Senate’s willingness 
to address the postage discount it pro-vides to State and national political committees. 
I thank the Chair. I yield back my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in opposition to the Repub-lican budget resolution. I would ask— there are time restraints here. I will go as far in my speech as I can and then ask the remainder be included in the R
ECORD . 
Mr. SANDERS. The Senator has 8 
minutes. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Please let me know— 
is that done without objection? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Can the Presiding Of-
ficer tell me when 7 minutes have elapsed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, the 
budget the Republicans in the Senate have presented us with imagines a fu-ture where we give even more tax breaks to millionaires and special in-terests, while pulling the rug out from under working families. Instead of ad-dressing the major challenge facing our Nation today—that middle-class fami-lies continue to face an economy rigged against them and their efforts to attain a better future for themselves and their family—this budget is fun-damentally misaligned with the values of working Americans. 
Over the last 30 years, we have seen 
Wall Street and giant corporations make record profits and middle-class families have been left behind. Accord-ing to the Economic Policy Institute, over the last 30 years, wages for the top 1 percent rose almost 10 times as fast as those for the bottom 90 percent. Last year, Oxfam calculated that the 400 wealthiest individuals in our coun-try have more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans. As a result, today the concentration of income at the very top has risen to levels last seen in the 1920s—a time of vast in-equality that ended in economic dis-aster for our entire Nation. 
We have a responsibility to turn back 
this dangerous trend, and Minnesotans know how to do it. We have done it in Minnesota. We know how to grow our economy. We know that we grow it from the middle out, not the top down. 
Paul Wellstone had a saying: We all 
do better when we all do better. And we all do better when people in the middle have money to spend. A higher percent-age of middle-class people are entre-preneurs. There is more social and eco-nomic mobility when there is a strong middle class. We all do better when we all do better. Even those at the top do better. We saw that during the Clinton administration when every quintile was helped. 
Minnesotans know that a middle- 
class budget would ensure health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.065 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1867 March 25, 2015 
access and fair workplaces for all 
Americans so that families can con-centrate on doing the best job they can as workers, community members, par-ents, daughters, and sons instead of worrying about whether taking time off for a sick child will get them fired or whether a long-term illness will bankrupt their family. 
So we could and we should be 
crafting a budget that supports middle- class families and those aspiring to be in the middle class. Opening up eco-nomic opportunity, helping to lay the foundation for economic growth, and supporting innovation are key to a dy-namic economy. 
We could have a budget that makes 
smart investments, finds sensible sav-ings, and makes sure everyone is pay-ing their fair share of taxes, but that is not the budget the Republicans have crafted. Instead of stability and oppor-tunity for the middle-class Minneso-tans, the Republican budget proposal would slash billions of dollars in in-vestments that grow our economy. The Republican budget would do nothing to close the loopholes that disproportion-ately benefit large corporations and superwealthy individuals. 
Since 2010, we have seen more than $4 
in spending cuts for every $1 in rev-enue. The new Republican budget would make that situation even worse. This budget would bring that to $10 in spending for every $1 in revenue, and these cuts are coming directly at the expense of programs that serve middle and lower income families. 
The budget would cut over $6 million 
in job-creating research in my State of Minnesota alone, where we are making crucial investments in areas such as re-newable energy and health innova-tions. In fact, the Economic Policy In-stitute says the cuts in the Republican budget would result in over 45,000 jobs lost in Minnesota. It would also cut funds for workforce training to help Minnesotans compete for 21st-century jobs. Over 35,000 workers would lose ac-cess to training opportunities, accord-ing to the Department of Labor. Con-sidering the skills gap that every Sen-ator on this floor acknowledges to me exists in their States, that just makes no sense whatsoever. 
The Republicans would cut education 
in their budget. We are talking about Head Start Programs. The Republican budget would cut 620,000 children from Head Start. We would lose those slots over 10 years. In Minnesota, that means 883 fewer slots for preschoolers who would benefit from early childhood programs. 
I will tell you something about Head 
Start. This quality early childhood education program has a return on in-vestments of $8 to $16 per child, and I will explain why. A child who has had a quality early childhood education is less likely to be in special education, less likely to be left back a grade, and has better health care outcomes. The girls are less likely to get pregnant in adolescence. They graduate from high school at a higher rate. They are more 
likely to go to college, graduate from college, have better jobs, pay more taxes, and they are much less likely to go to prison. That is why you have an $8 to $16 return for each kid who has a quality early childhood education. This is wrong. It is also wrong because kids are only 3 years old once, and they are beautiful children. They deserve this, and their parents deserve this. This is wrongheaded. 
The Republican budget not only hits 
early childhood education, it hits Pell grants. In Minnesota, 160,000 students last year were able to go to college be-cause of the Pell Grant Program. When my wife Franni and I went to college, a full Pell grant paid for almost 80 per-cent of a full public college education. Today, it pays for less than 35 percent. Further cuts will make it even harder for students to pay for college. Yet my colleagues want to cut Pell grants fur-ther. We should not be doing that, and that is why I am offering an amend-ment to restore funding for Pell Grants in this budget. 
And that is also why I have worked 
with Senator W
ARREN on the amend-
ment to make higher education more affordable by allowing Americans to refinance student debt. Student debt is now over $1.3 trillion and this is hold-ing back our economy because recent grads are less likely to buy a home, start a new business, or purchase other big-ticket items like a car because they are tied to this debt. Unfortu-nately, our amendment failed, but I am going to keep working with Senator W
ARREN on this commonsense issue. 
One of the other keys to prosperity is 
infrastructure, and unfortunately, the Republican budget does nothing to ad-dress our Nation’s crumbling roads, bridges, dams, levees, water systems, waste water plants, airports, and rail systems. And yet investing in infra-structure is one of the best ways to help businesses and create millions of middle-class jobs in the short and long- term. 
As I said, the Republican budget also 
seeks to repeal the Affordable Care Act, even though we know that 16.5 million Americans now have health coverage because of the Affordable Care Act. In Minnesota, since the Af-fordable Care Act fully went into ef-fect, the uninsured rate has dropped by over 40 percent, and now 95 percent of Minnesotans have health insurance. But under the Republican budget, we would go back to the days when some-one with a pre-existing condition could not get health insurance. We would go back to the days when half the bank-ruptcies in this country were linked to someone getting sick, and back to the days when women were charged more than men for health insurance. 
That is not what Americans want. 
Americans don’t want to go back to the days of high-cost, low value health care. 
Americans don’t want a budget that 
will undercut the very sources of pros-perity for the middle class. We can af-
ford to make the investments we need for the future, and do it in a fiscally re-sponsible way. Part of that is fixing our broken Tax Code. Our economy loses hundreds of billions of dollars from a wasteful, inefficient, and, frank-ly, unfair Tax Code riddled with loop-holes. If we reform our Tax Code to make it fairer and more efficient—by doing things like closing the loophole 
on what is called carried interest—we can afford to invest in education, infra-structure, and innovation to help American workers compete in the glob-al economy. 
Instead, the Republican budget would 
allow U.S. companies to continue to shift billions in profits to tax havens and middle-class jobs overseas. It al-lows millionaires and billionaires to pay lower rates on their income than many middle-class taxpayers. 
On top of this, the Republican budget 
leaves the deck stacked in favor of the rights of big corporations and Wall Street ahead of American workers. Americans want a fair chance. They want equal pay for equal work. They want us to preserve the promise of So-cial Security for their generation and generations to come. And they want everyone who works full time to be able to keep their family out of pov-erty. These are the things that could be in a budget that supports the middle class. 
Finally, let me note that the Repub-
lican budget is filled with fiscally irre-sponsible budget gimmicks. Not only is it very vague about a lot of the cuts it would make, the budget also uses an off the books account, the Overseas Contingency Operations Fund, which falls outside of the budget caps, to sig-nificantly increase defense spending without paying for it. And even as the Republican budget repeals the Afford-able Care Act, it doesn’t say how it will replace the savings and revenue from the bill. This isn’t even smoke and mir-rors, it is right out there for us to see. This budget also repeals a rule the Sen-ate has had in place since 2007 to pro-hibit reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit. 
Again, the Republican’s budget plan 
for America is fundamentally out of step with the values of working Ameri-cans. It’s the same tired trickle-down plan we have seen fail time and time again. It’s a plan that says we can re-duce our deficit and spend billions more on defense without raising a nickel of new revenue. It’s a plan that says we can grow our economy by cut-ting health care for seniors and chil-dren and the poorest in our society. It’s a plan that says that cutting pre- school and college aid is a better in-vestment than closing tax loopholes that encourage giant, multinational corporations to use elaborate account-ing tricks and ship jobs overseas. This plan just doesn’t make sense. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has consumed 7 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I will 
end by saying that this is not even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.079 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1868 March 25, 2015 
smoke and mirrors; this is riddled with 
gimmicks and is fundamentally unfair to working Americans. It is the same trickle-down economics that we have seen fail time and time again. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
budget and embrace a real plan that supports middle-class families and those aspiring to the middle class. We need a budget that builds on the progress we made since the great reces-sion and takes us into a better future for all Americans. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. How much time does 
the Democratic side have? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic side has 5 minutes remain-ing. 
AMENDMENT NO . 350 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to respond and speak as to why I am in opposition to the Blunt amendment which requires a point of order for a carbon tax. 
The scientific community is not in 
debate. The scientific community tells us that climate change is real. It is caused by human activity and by a very significant increase in carbon emissions. The scientific community tells us that climate change is already causing devastating problems in our Nation and around the world. The sci-entific community tells us that if we do not get our act together—not just the United States but China, Russia, India, and the entire world—the planet we will be leaving for our kids and grandchildren will be substantially less habitable than the planet we enjoy. 
We have a moral responsibility to re-
spond to this crisis, and we have to use every tool we can in our arsenal. What does that mean? It means we need to invest heavily in weatherization and energy efficiency so we don’t waste en-ergy. It means we have to move aggres-sively toward wind, solar, geothermal, biomass, and other sustainable ener-gies. It also means we have to tell those people who are producing carbon in significant amounts and are causing the problem that they cannot continue to do that with impunity. They will have to pay a tax on that. 
We can argue about how we go for-
ward in transforming our energy sys-tem and how we cut carbon pollution, but we should not pick out one par-ticular approach and say that it is going to require 60 votes to go forward. 
I strongly object to Senator B
LUNT ’s 
amendment. 
What we will be doing is offering a 
side-by-side. This side-by-side could not be simpler. The American people and the scientific community are pret-ty clear when it comes to climate change: It is, in fact, real, and it is caused by human activity. What we will do is offer a side-by-side to estab-lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to recognize that climate change is real, is caused by human activity, and that Congress needs to take action to cut carbon pollution. Young people all over this country 
want action. While many of my Repub-lican colleagues refuse to acknowledge the reality that climate change is caused by human activity, many Re-publicans outside of Capitol Hill, in fact, do understand that. We have prominent conservative economists and economic advisers, such as Nobel laureate economist Gary Becker, Mitt Romney’s former economic adviser Gregory Mankiw, and former Reagan adviser Art Laffer, who have all called for taxing carbon. It is not a radical idea. These are conservative Repub-licans who understand that people who are causing the problem cannot do that with impunity. 
More recently, George Shultz—I 
think we all know George Shultz is the former Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of State under Presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan— published an op-ed in the Washington Post calling for a carbon tax. The idea of a carbon tax is something that is gaining more and more support from Democrats, Republicans, Independents, people who are very worried about what is happening to our environment. 
In terms of the side-by-side, I person-
ally am strongly opposed to Senator B
LUNT ’s amendment, which just looks 
at a tax on carbon. I should also say that as a coauthor, along with Senator B
OXER , with regard to a carbon tax, we 
put huge amounts of money into help-ing those families who might see high-er utility bills. That is probably the main source of funding allocation. So we are aware of the problem, and we address it in our legislation, and it should be addressed in any legislation. 
But once again, in terms of the side- 
by-side, we are going to give our Re-publican colleagues an opportunity—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrat’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 434 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 434. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amendment. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
himself and Mr. C RAPO , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 434. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for an adjustment to 
committee allocations for wildfire suppres-sion funding) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ADJUSTMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUP-
PRESSION FUNDING. 
If a measure becomes law that amends the 
adjustments to discretionary spending limits established under section 251(b) of the Bal-
anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)) for wildfire sup-pression funding, the Chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate may ad-just the allocation called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the appropriate committee or committees of the Senate, and may adjust all other budgetary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolu-tion, as necessary, consistent with such measure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 777, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, since my 
friend from across the aisle raised the issue of climate change, I will use the remainder of my time to talk about that issue because I will urge my col-leagues to vote no on amendment No. 777. 
We voted earlier—and it was a unani-
mous vote—that climate change is real. I believe virtually everyone agrees that over time the Earth’s cli-mate has shifted at various levels of speed and in various directions. 
I had an opportunity to go on a trip 
to China, and we visited one of the country’s labs researching climate change. I had the opportunity to tour the lab with the Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN . One of the amazing things 
was—as we finished the tour after look-ing at five different ways the scientists were measuring what caused climate change and how real it was—when Sen-ator D
URBIN said to me: I am sure glad 
Senator I NHOFE is not with us because 
this backs up everything Senator I
NHOFE has been saying. 
So climate change is an issue that 
has not really been resolved among all the scientists, even in some countries that have different opinions than we do. 
Every snowstorm, every heat wave 
that we have today—we have changed it from global warming to climate change because now we are blaming ev-erything on this phenomenon. One of the comments I made is that instead of spending $5 billion on one side to prove there is climate change and another $5 billion on the other side to disprove cli-mate change, maybe we ought to spend $10 billion a year just on fixing things. 
So I think there are some problems 
with the amendment, and I hope my colleagues will vote no. 
I see that it is almost time for the 
vote, so I yield back our time. 
Go ahead and start on the vote. 
AMENDMENT NO . 755 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 755, offered by the Senator from Michi-gan, Ms. S
TABENOW . 
The Senator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
urge my colleagues to support the Sta-benow amendment. 
This amendment would establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund that would do a few things. First of all, it would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.080 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1869 March 25, 2015 
ensure that the Clean Water Act is fo-
cused on protecting water quality, up-holding the existing exemption in the Clean Water Act for agriculture, ranch-ing, and forestry that has existed for decades so our foresters and ranchers have the certainty they need. It would ensure that we rely on scientific evi-dence as we examine the impact that water quality has on the different types of water bodies, and it provides certainty to landowners and rural com-munities that are guided by the scope of the Clean Water Act. 
I appreciate my colleague from Wyo-
ming and his approach. I believe mine is much more specific. It is deficit neu-tral instead of spending neutral, so it allows us to offset any changes we would like to make to support these ef-forts through either revenues or spend-ing cuts as opposed to a spending-neu-tral reserve fund. Most importantly, it makes very clear support for both the Clean Water Act and agriculture. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. We would be happy to take 
that amendment. We would prefer to do that by voice vote because we have a lot of votes pending. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ac-
tually would prefer a recorded rollcall vote. I appreciate that offer, but I would ask for a recorded rollcall vote. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
support the Stabenow amendment. Ranchers and property owners in rural America think the EPA is out of con-trol. I agree. It is right to rein in the EPA and restore current protections and exemptions for rural America. 
A key area where the Stabenow 
amendment falls short is excluding cit-ies, suburbs, and the job-creating busi-nesses and working families that reside outside of rural America. 
My amendment, which will be next, 
addresses concerns raised by the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the National Association of Counties, which want certainty regarding the EPA’s power grab. 
The Senator from Michigan does 
things to protect farmers and ranchers from the EPA. My amendment is sup-ported by the American Farm Bureau. This support is because my amendment is specific and holds the EPA and the Corps to the promises they have al-ready made. 
I thank the Chair. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, we yield 
back the time in opposition. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, if 
there is time remaining, I would sim-ply say that I think our amendment is stronger and much more specific. Also, it upholds two goals: supporting the 
Clean Water Act, which has for 40 years protected us with clean fishing and drinking water—and in our beautiful Great Lakes, certainly all that we hold dear—but it also clarifies specifics for agriculture, ranchers, foresters, and communities. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 99, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 87 Leg.] 
YEAS—99 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 755) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 347 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 347, offered by the Senator from Wyo-ming, Mr. B
ARRASSO . 
The Senator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 347 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise 
in support of my amendment No. 347, an amendment to hold the EPA and the Army Corps to their word about the scope of their proposed waters of the United States rule. The administration says there is a lot of misunderstanding with their proposed waters of the United States regulation and what it covers. 
Time and time again, we have heard 
from the EPA and the Corps that this rule would not cover things such as 
puddles, rainwater, snowmelt, and irri-gation ditches. The Barrasso amend-ment would help to make sure this rule is crystal clear by listing out those things the EPA and the Corps have in-dicated or led folks to believe would not be covered under the rule. 
So if you believe the waters of the 
United States rule does not go far enough, that the Federal Government should be in the business of regulating puddles in our constituents’ backyards, then vote against my amendment. That is what voting against my amend-ment would mean. That is why I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment to pro-tect the waters of the United States. 
I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Is there a sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, we 
just voted together on a very specific amendment that makes it clear that all of our traditional agriculture, for-estry efforts, all of the local govern-ment efforts that are occurring in this country right now will continue even under a revised clean water rule, which, by the way, is only having to be done because of two Supreme Court de-cisions that created a tremendous amount of confusion for communities and farmers and ranchers. 
Unfortunately, regardless of what 
was just said, the Barrasso amendment is very general, very broad. It does not add any clarity. It would keep the con-fusion that is out there. I would urge that we vote no. We have already made a clear statement here in the Senate. We do not need to go back to what the Supreme Court did when in 2006 they had five different opinions coming from nine different Justices and created chaos. We do not need two different amendments that say two different things. We just did something very clear and specific. Let’s hold that and vote no. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 88 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran 
Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.082 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1870 March 25, 2015 
Hoeven 
Inhofe Isakson Johnson King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill 
McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse 
Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—40 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 347) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 777, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 777, as modified, offered by the Senator from Vermont, Mr. S
ANDERS . 
The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this 
amendment could not be simpler. 
The scientific community has been 
very clear in telling us that climate change is the great environmental cri-sis of our time. It is caused by human activity, it is real, and it is already causing devastating problems in the United States and throughout the world. 
This amendment establishes a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund to recognize that climate change is real, it is caused by human activity, and that Congress needs to take action to cut carbon pol-lution. 
Let us stand with science. Let’s pass 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
AMENDMENT NO . 350 WITHDRAWN  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, without 
using the minute from our side, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw Blunt amendment No. 350. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 777, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, this 
really wasn’t the week of the Senator from Vermont. In an article in the Wall Street Journal on Monday, ‘‘The Myth of the Climate Change ‘97%,’’’ they say the 97 percent figure came from 79 re-spondents out of 3,146. 
Secondly, today is the day they final-
ized the annual Gallup poll. The Gallup poll came out and made the statements that came to the conclusion that the current level of worry on global warm-ing and climate remains at record lows, 
right behind the loss of tropical rain forests. 
So don’t vote for this based on the 
assumption that the 97 percent figure is accurate or that people care that much. 
Mr. SANDERS. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Sanders amendment No. 777, as modi-fied. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 49, 
nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 89 Leg.] 
YEAS—49 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Graham Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—50 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 777), as modi-
fied, was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 796 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-
utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 796, offered by the Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH . 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, we all 
know Medicare is on an unsustainable course. Independent actuaries at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—CMS—estimate that, over the next 75 years, the program has $35 trillion—that is with a T—in unfunded obligations. CBO says that, without reforms, 
Medicare’s hospital insurance trust fund will be insolvent early in the dec-ade following 2025. And according to the Medicare trustees themselves, the hospital insurance trust fund could be insolvent as early as 2021. At that time Medicare will no longer be able to pay out full benefits to seniors. 
We need to reform Medicare in order 
to save Medicare. We have a moral ob-ligation to put Medicare on a sustain-able path. It is crucial we ensure its solvency into the decade if we want to keep the promise we have made to those at or near retirement. 
That is where we are, and that is 
about all I am going to say about it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
There is 45 seconds remaining in op-
position to the amendment. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I 
think there is no objection to the amendment on this side. If the Senator would like a voice vote, we would be fine with that. 
Mr. HATCH. A voice vote would be 
fine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 796) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 601 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 601. 
The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I rise 
today in offering an amendment with Senator S
TABENOW to guarantee we 
keep a sacred promise to our Nation’s seniors to protect the Medicare Pro-gram for years to come. 
The budget we have in front of us 
doesn’t balance our values or priorities as a country. Unfortunately, it misses the mark entirely for our seniors. To put it into perspective, the Senate Re-publican budget cuts the Medicare Pro-gram by almost three times as much as the House Republican budget. 
My amendment ensures we protect 
our seniors from any effort to cut Medicare beneficiaries’ guaranteed benefits, privatize Medicare into a pre-mium support plan or increase out-of- pocket spending on drugs or prevention services. 
In 2013, over half the Medicare bene-
ficiaries had incomes below $23,000 a year. We can’t attempt to balance the Nation’s budget on the backs of our seniors. There is a reason why the Na-tional Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare is urging a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the Republican budget. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the Bennet-Stabenow amendment, and I yield whatever time remains to the senior Senator from Michigan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I will raise 
a point of order against this amend-ment. The amendment offered by my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.033 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1871 March 25, 2015 
friends across the aisle would prohibit 
consideration of certain Medicare leg-islation. 
I know all my colleagues are com-
mitted to preserving Medicare. We all want Medicare to be there for today’s and tomorrow’s seniors, and right now its finances are deteriorating rapidly. However, my colleague’s amendment is not germane to the budget resolution. 
The Committee on Finance has juris-
diction over the Medicare program. The Committee on the Budget does not. The Bennet-Stabenow amendment instructs the Committee on Finance how to write a Medicare reform bill— language that is inappropriate to in-clude in a budget resolution. In fact, adopting this amendment would kill the privilege of the budget resolution. 
For this reason, I am compelled, as 
chairman of the Committee on the Budget, to raise a point of order against the amendment. 
Mr. President, the pending amend-
ment, No. 601, is not germane to the budget resolution now before the Sen-ate. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this amendment under section 305(b)2 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, pur-
suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for the purpose of the pending amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays on protecting Medicare. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TILLIS ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 46, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 90 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats 
Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe 
Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 46, the nays are 53. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment fails. 
AMENDMENT NO . 801 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 801, offered by the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY . 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, Demo-
crats and Republicans agree that the automatic spending cuts across defense and nondefense investments are ter-rible policy, and it has to be fixed. 
I am proud that the bipartisan budg-
et act that we passed last Congress did exactly that for the past 2 years. It of-fered us a template for how we can tackle this challenge in a bipartisan way once again. That deal succeeded because it rolled back cuts to defense and nondefense equally, and it did it with a balanced and responsible mix of savings and new revenue. 
The amendment before us builds on 
that deal and extends the sequester re-lief for 2 more years. We don’t need to rely on gimmicks in this budget or the hopes that we are going to solve this later. We need to fix this now. 
In 2013, it took a government shut-
down to bring both sides to the table to get a deal for this. I am hoping we don’t have to wait for another crisis, and I encourage our colleagues who op-pose sequestration to support this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, if we want 
to change the Budget Control Act of 2011, we need to pass the bill to do so later in the year. The budget resolu-tion cannot fix sequestration. This par-ticular amendment increases both de-fense spending and nondefense spend-ing. Without a justification, it calls for spending $148 billion more than allowed by the BCA. The BCA requires the de-fense program to receive half of the re-ductions. That is not the case here. With nondefense limits, much work re-mains to eliminate inefficiencies in the nondefense side of the ledger. 
According to the CBO, there are 260 
programs spending $293 billion in the 2015 budget that are not operating under a current authorization. That means the policy experts haven’t done their work. So we can’t tell if we need that much more money. This amendment seeks more money 
for nondefense. This amendment calls for an increase in spending and pays for it by extracting more taxes from Amer-ican taxpayers. The tax increases in this amendment total $120 billion. Fi-nally, perhaps the most important rea-son—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. ENZI. I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment offered by the Senator from Washington, Mrs. M
URRAY . 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 46, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 91 Leg.] 
YEAS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 801) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 481 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 481, offered by the Senator from Arkan-sas, Mr. C
OTTON . 
The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, for dec-
ades, this Congress has provided bipar-tisan support to the U.S.-Israel alli-ance in part because the support of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.072 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1872 March 25, 2015 
American people for the Israeli people 
is so strong. Unfortunately, for almost as long, the United Nations has singled out Israel for unfair, discriminatory treatment, whether it is the 1975 Zion-ism is Racism Resolution or the recent obsession of the Human Rights Coun-cil. 
It has been the longstanding U.S. pol-
icy to prevent unfair, discriminatory treatment against Israel at the United Nations and other international insti-tutions. I believe it is urgent that this Congress reaffirm that policy. 
This amendment will allow a funding 
mechanism to adjust funding to the United Nations or other international institutions should they target Israel for unfair, discriminatory treatment. I hope we never need this mechanism, but I believe it is critical that Congress reaffirm our commitment to the U.S.- Israel alliance in preventing unfair, discriminatory treatment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who 
yields time in opposition? 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I be-
lieve there is general support on this side of the floor for that amendment, and I suggest a voice vote. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
amendment offered by the Senator from Arkansas, Mr. C
OTTON . 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 99, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 92 Leg.] 
YEAS—99 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NOT VOTING—1 
Cruz 
The amendment (No. 481) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
just to get things in order here, I ask unanimous consent that first Senator P
AUL be recognized to call up an 
amendment and then after that, that Senator W
YDEN be recognized to call up 
an amendment and for 3 minutes; that Senator C
OONS be recognized to call up 
an amendment and for 3 minutes; that Senator B
ALDWIN be recognized to call 
up an amendment and for 2 minutes; that Senator M
ANCHIN be recognized to 
call up an amendment and for 3 min-utes; and then I be recognized to call up an amendment. 
Mr. SANDERS. Reserving the right 
to object, I would like 1 minute to bring forth eight amendments. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Can we let Sen-
ator P
AUL, who is simply calling up an 
amendment, proceed first? 
Mr. SANDERS. Sure. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I so modify my 
request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
an objection to the request, as modi-fied? 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, are they going back and forth or exactly in that order? Nor-mally, we allow both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator restate? 
Mr. ENZI. I was suggesting that he 
revise his unanimous consent request so that we would go back and forth from side to side, rather than a whole lot of people going on one side, and people waiting on the other side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the further modification? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Just a clarifica-
tion. As I understand it, the order I asked will be the order on the Demo-cratic side. There will be an inter-spersing of Republicans as they come to the floor, but everybody is going to be kept to 2 or 3 minutes rather than there being long speeches because if someone is going to give a long speech, they should go to the end. We are just trying to call up a lot of amendments quickly. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Reserving the right to 
object, the Senator from Kentucky and I would just like to make our amend-ments pending. If we could just get that done. 
Mr. SANDERS. So would we. Mr. M
CCAIN. Good. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the request as further modi-fied is so ordered. 
The Senator from Kentucky. 
AMENDMENT NO . 940 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 940. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. P AUL] 
proposes an amendment numbered 940. 
Mr. PAUL. I ask unanimous consent 
that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase new budget authority 
for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050) with offsets) 
On page 14, line 2, increase the amount by 
$76,513,000,000. 
On page 14, line 3, increase the amount by 
$48,578,000,000. 
On page 14, line 6, increase the amount by 
$112,990,000,000. 
On page 14, line 7, increase the amount by 
$87,604,000,000. 
On page 14, line 11, increase the amount by 
$29,603,000,000. 
On page 14, line 15, increase the amount by 
$11,863,000,000. 
On page 14, line 19, increase the amount by 
$6,396,000,000. 
On page 14, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,274,000,000. 
On page 15, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$15,750,000,000. 
On page 15, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$19,950,000,000. 
On page 16, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$4,998,000,000. 
On page 16, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$15,498,000,000. 
On page 16, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$14,700,000,000. 
On page 17, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$9,100,000,000. 
On page 17, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$11,900,000,000. 
On page 17, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$4,200,000,000. 
On page 17, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$2,100,000,000. 
On page 18, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$700,000,000. 
On page 20, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$6,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$8,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 1, decrease the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 21, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$500,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$10,920,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$13,720,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$3,080,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.083 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1873 March 25, 2015 
On page 29, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$280,000,000. 
On page 33, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$29,520,000,000. 
On page 33, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 34, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$11,480,000,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENT NOS . 697, 798, 800, 812, 951, 345, AND 817  
EN BLOC  
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: amend-ment Nos. 697, 798, 800, 812, 951, 345, and 817. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to calling up the amend-ments en bloc? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 697 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund for legislation that reforms and strengthens elementary and secondary education) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming and strengthening ele-mentary and secondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 798 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund for legislation to allow Ameri-cans to earn paid sick time) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR LEGISLATION TO ALLOW AMER-ICANS TO EARN PAID SICK TIME. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve workplace ben-efits and reduce health care costs, which may include measures to allow Americans to earn paid sick time to address their own health needs and the health needs of their families, and to promote equal employment opportunities, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 800 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to a comprehensive ap-proach to crude-by-rail safety) 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO A COMPREHENSIVE AP-PROACH TO CRUDE-BY-RAIL SAFETY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the safe movement of crude oil by rail, which may include— 
(1) strengthening design standards for rail 
tank cars; 
(2) rapidly phasing out the legacy rail tank 
car fleet for crude-by-rail operations; 
(3) improving railroad operations to reduce 
derailments; 
(4) limiting the volatility of crude oil 
shipped by rail; 
(5) disclosing crude-by-rail train move-
ments to States and first responders; or 
(6) increasing resources that provide for 
the training and equipping of first respond-ers to respond to worst-case accidents, 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 812 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to provide women with afford-able access to comprehensive health care, including preventive services (such as con-traception and breast cancer screenings), improve maternal health, and ensure that a woman has the same benefits and serv-ices no matter what part of the United States she lives in, all of which is critical to improving the health and well-being of women, children, their families, and soci-ety as a whole, and is an essential part of a woman’s economic security and oppor-tunity) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADVANCE WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE INTO THE 21ST CENTURY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving women’s healthcare services, which may include measures to— 
(1) expand comprehensive preventive serv-
ices, including full access to contraceptive coverage for all women; 
(2) invest in access to women’s primary 
care by investing in nurse practitioners and other health care providers; 
(3) improve maternal safety and quality of 
care; 
(4) provide compassionate assistance 
through emergency contraception and awareness for survivors of rape; or 
(5) ensure that women have access, aware-
ness, and are provided the full range of pre-ventive services, including contraception, breast cancer screenings, mammograms, do-mestic violence screenings and counseling, and more as provided for by the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. AMENDMENT NO . 951 
(Purpose: To establish and fund a new Fed-
eral-State partnership to expand access to high-quality preschool programs for chil-dren from low- and moderate-income fami-lies, offset with revenue from closing loop-holes) 
On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$3,900,000,000. 
On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$3,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$3,900,000,000. 
On page 6, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,309,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$5,941,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,907,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$9,508,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,309,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$5,941,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$7,907,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$9,508,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,809,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.090 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1874 March 25, 2015 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,141,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,807,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$6,208,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$2,831,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$4,063,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$3,398,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$3,734,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$3,956,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,125,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$6,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,073,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$17,281,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$14,450,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$10,387,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$6,989,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$3,255,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$701,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,125,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$6,266,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,073,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$17,281,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$14,450,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$10,387,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$6,989,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,255,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$701,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$1,300,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,300,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,250,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$3,250,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$5,780,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$5,780,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,580,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,580,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$8,960,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$8,960,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$59,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$59,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$161,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$161,000,000. On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$327,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$327,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 345 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to increasing funding for Federal investments in biomedical and basic scientific research) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR FEDERAL INVESTMENTS IN BIO-MEDICAL AND BASIC SCIENTIFIC RE-SEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for Federal in-vestments in scientific research, which may include helping find cures for life-threat-ening and chronic illnesses, increasing our national security, supporting new energy technologies, or supporting innovative solu-tions that advance private sector efforts to grow the economy and create millions of middle jobs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 817 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to provide tax benefits to pa-triot employers that invest in American jobs and provide fair pay and benefits to workers and to eliminate tax benefits for corporations that ship jobs or profits over-seas) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE TAX BENEFITS TO PA-TRIOT EMPLOYERS THAT INVEST IN AMERICAN JOBS AND PROVIDE FAIR PAY AND BENEFITS TO WORKERS AND TO ELIMINATE TAX BENEFITS FOR CORPORATIONS THAT SHIP JOBS OR PROFITS OVERSEAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to income taxes paid by businesses, which may include measures providing tax 
breaks for companies that have not inverted, have maintained or expanded their United States workforce, or have provided livable wages and health care, and may also include measures ending tax breaks that encourage businesses to ship jobs offshore, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 360 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendments to call up my amendment No. 360. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], 
for himself and Mr. F LAKE , proposes an 
amendment numbered 360. 
Mr. M CCAIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to deterring the migra-tion of unaccompanied children from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DETERRING THE MI-GRATION OF UNACCOMPANIED CHILDREN FROM EL SALVADOR, GUATEMALA, AND HONDURAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to deterring the attempted migra-tion of unaccompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras into the United States, which may include the expe-dited removal of unlawful entrants from non-contiguous countries and for providing in- county consulate processing of refugee appli-cations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 708 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendment No. 708. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
himself and Mr. B ENNET , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 708. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.093 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1875 March 25, 2015 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to simplifying and ex-panding tax incentives for higher edu-cation to boost student attendance and completion) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SIMPLIFYING AND EX-PANDING TAX INCENTIVES FOR HIGHER EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to simplifying and expanding tax in-centives for higher education to boost stu-dent attendance and completion at colleges and vocational schools, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. WYDEN. The first of the three 
amendments I call up would expand and simplify the tax credits to help students afford the sky-high costs of a college education. 
Students and their families today 
spend hours wading through a Byzan-tine web of tax incentives for college and too often miss out on opportunities in the Tax Code to pay for their edu-cation. Students are taking on loan debt that weighs them down for years. 
AMENDMENT NO . 791 
Second, Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside in order to call up the Wyden, Murray, Stabenow amend-ment No. 791. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
himself, Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW , 
proposes an amendment numbered 791. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike reconciliation instruc-
tions to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions and Finance and require regular order) 
Strike title II. 
Mr. WYDEN. This amendment would 
delete the reconciliation instructions in Section 201 of the budget resolution. 
When it comes to tackling the big 
economic challenges in this country, the best legislation is bipartisan legis-lation. Using the procedural tactic called budget reconciliation is a guar-anteed path to partisanship and grid-lock. It would be particularly dam-aging in the cause of tax reform, where Democrats and Republicans under-stand, just as in 1986, there is an oppor-tunity for common ground. 
I also think it would be very unfortu-
nate to use reconciliation to appeal the Affordable Care Act. If it is repealed, 
America goes back to the dark days when health care was reserved for the healthy and the wealthy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 870 
Finally, Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the pending amend-ment be set aside in order to call up amendment No. 870. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. W YDEN ], for 
himself, Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. 
WARNER , proposes an amendment numbered 
870. 
Mr. WYDEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to extending tax provi-sions expiring in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, such as those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EXTENDING TAX PRO-VISIONS EXPIRING IN 2013 OR 2014 FOR 2 YEARS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending tax provisions that ex-pired in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, which may include provisions and policies like those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. WYDEN. This amendment deals 
with the stop-and-go tax cuts known as extenders. Last December, the Senate approved a package of tax extenders for the 2014 year. That law expired before the ink could dry. By New Year’s Day, taxpayers were thrown back in the dark about what they will owe in the future. 
Let’s not repeat that mistake. A grab 
bag of tax breaks is nobody’s idea of perfect tax policy. My amendment will definitely move the ball forward on tax policy. It will send a clear signal that the Senate is ready to put these tax in-centives in place through the year 2016. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 453, 452, 457, AND 456 EN BLOC  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up my amendments Nos. 453, 452, 457 and 456 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 453 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of Transportation prioritizes the construction of projects that are of na-tional and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors on the National Highway System, which will im-prove the safe, secure, and efficient move-ment of people and goods through the United States and facilitate economic de-velopment and create jobs in the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRIORITIZING THE CONSTRUCTION OF INFRASTRUC-TURE PROJECTS THAT ARE OF NA-TIONAL AND REGIONAL SIGNIFI-CANCE AND PROJECTS IN HIGH PRI-ORITY CORRIDORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the prioritization of the Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States on projects that are of na-tional and regional significance and projects in high priority corridors of the National Highway System by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 452 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of the Interior enters into can-didate conservation agreements with each of the relevant 11 Western States before the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice makes a listing determination on the greater sage-grouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ENSURE THAT THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR ENTERS INTO CERTAIN CANDIDATE CONSERVA-TION AGREEMENTS WITH WESTERN STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) determinations, which may include determining whether the great-er sage-grouse warrants protection, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.087 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1876 March 25, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 457 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to prohibition of Vet-erans Benefits Administration executive bonuses until the backlog of disability claims for veterans is eliminated) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ELIMINATION OF CER-TAIN BONUSES FOR EMPLOYEES OF THE VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINIS-TRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to bonuses paid by the Department of Veterans Affairs, which may include pro-hibitions on awards to employees responsible for eliminating the backlog of claims, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 456 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to ensuring that med-ical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs meet the privacy, dignity, and safety needs of women veterans) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT MED-ICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEET THE NEEDS OF WOMEN VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs meet the needs of women veterans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, before I 
begin, I thank all of those involved with this intricate process. Senate Budget Committee chairman M
IKE 
ENZI and ranking member B ERNIE  
SANDERS have worked tirelessly lead-
ing up to this point. It certainly is not an easy process, and I do not want their efforts to go unnoticed. 
I stand here today to discuss many 
important issues that concern my con-stituents across the great State of Ne-vada. These are issues that I hope to address during this year’s budget proc-ess to improve the quality of life in the Silver State. 
I have filed several amendments to 
this year’s budget ranging from infra-structure and tourism, to medical care at VA facilities, and to protecting our way of life in Nevada with the support of the Second Amendment. These amendments will deliver needed solu-tions. 
Developing critical infrastructure for 
Nevada is a top priority of mine. It re-mains the first step toward long-term 
job growth and sustainability. Truck-ing, tourism, and trade needs are met when proper infrastructure is in place. 
In fact, I filed amendment No. 466 
that would help promote travel and tourism here in the United States. Last year, over 40 million visitors came to the Silver State, supporting almost 400,000 jobs. The future Interstate 11, and the many other important highway projects throughout our Nation, have the potential to open more markets for tourism and trade, which will create jobs and improve our economy. In Ne-vada, we are a State that welcomes more visitors, both domestic and inter-national, on a yearly basis. We want more people to experience all our State has to offer and strive to provide the best services to those already visiting Nevada. 
I recognize there are limited re-
sources dedicated for transportation and infrastructure. I believe it is im-portant we prioritize roads and bridges that give us the biggest bang for our buck. It is important we expand high priority corridors and projects of re-gional and national significance, be-cause those are the types of projects that will spur long-term economic de-velopment. 
One example of these critical 
projects is the proposed I–11 corridor. This future highway would connect Phoenix and Las Vegas, the two largest cities in the Nation not connected by an interstate, cutting the travel time by over 1 hour. It would provide new economic development opportunities in the Southwest and would play a large role in boosting the global competi-tiveness of the region. My amendment, amendment No. 453 would prioritize Federal investments in infrastructure projects with national and regional sig-nificance such as the I–11 corridor. 
In Nevada, we have a local resident 
called the sage grouse. Listing the sage grouse as an endangered species would have a devastating impact on Nevada’s economy. Like many of the other States, Nevada’s Ecosystem Council has spent years diligently developing a robust action plan to avoid a listing. Further collaboration between the Fed-eral Government, the State, and local stakeholders will go a much longer way to protect and balance both Nevadans’ way of life and the sage grouse popu-lation. My amendment, amendment No. 452, says the Department of the In-terior should enter into State con-servation agreements with each of the 11 States with sage grouse populations. State plans should be given the oppor-tunity to show results before the Fed-eral Government intervenes. 
If the Federal Government adds the 
sage grouse to the endangered species list, it would devastate rural econo-mies across these affected States, in-cluding Nevada. States must be given an opportunity to show they can foster a sustainable sage grouse population. 
Since becoming a member of the Sen-
ate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, ad-dressing the backlog of disability 
claims has remained one of my top pri-orities. The fact that Nevada’s vet-erans continue to have one of the long-est waiting times in the Nation at 257 days on average is unacceptable. That is why I invited VA Secretary Robert McDonald to come and see what is going on in the Silver State. It is also why I offered amendment No. 457. This amendment says we should prohibit bo-nuses for certain VA executives until the backlog of veterans’ disability claims is eliminated. Our veterans have been waiting too long, and my amendment brings us one step closer to eradicating the backlog. 
Furthermore, ensuring America’s 
veterans receive timely and quality health care is also a promise our na-tion must keep. And as our military continues to have more women in uni-form, VA facilities must adapt to the meet their specific health care require-ments. That is why my amendment No. 456 is so important because it keeps this promise by ensuring VA medical facilities properly meet the needs of women veterans. Safety, privacy, and dignity should be accounted for in every VA hospital and clinic. As I con-tinue holding the VA accountable in my role on the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, quality health care and timely benefits will remain a pri-ority of mine, and it is a priority now as we consider the budget resolution. 
As an avid sportsman and gun-owner, 
I enjoy our way of life in Nevada, but I am concerned by actions from this administration that would directly in-fringe on the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens. 
Recently, the Bureau of Alcohol, To-
bacco, Firearms and Explosives, ATF, issued a proposal that would ban pop-ular .223 caliber ammunitions, severely limiting access to one of the most widely used cartridges in America for sporting purposes. That is why I filed amendment No. 454 to protect law-abid-ing American citizens’ Second Amend-ment rights and prohibit the ATF from reclassifying ammunition primarily in-tended for sporting purposes. This issue is important to Nevadans, and it is im-portant to me. Amendment No. 454 makes sure that the constitutional rights of Nevadans are protected. 
There are an estimated 400,000 un-
tested rape kits sitting in law enforce-ment and crime lab storage facilities across the Nation. Each one of these untested rape kits represents a missed opportunity to help bring justice and healing to a survivor of sexual assault. That is why I filed amendment No. 455. This amendment prioritizes the elimi-nation of the rape kit backlog to hold perpetrators accountable and help pre-vent these despicable crimes from hap-pening in the first place. 
Finally, I would like to discuss a 
sense of the Senate amendment I filed regarding the bipartisan principles of no budget, no pay legislation, Amend-ment No. 45l. My sense of the Senate would endorse the solutions in No 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.129 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1877 March 25, 2015 
Budget, No Pay that would encourage 
Members of Congress to come to the table and work together to pass their own budget and appropriations bills on time in order to receive pay. It just makes sense—if Members of Congress do not do their jobs, they should not get paid. And by the way, we also say pay is not retroactive. 
My amendments take the needs of 
Nevadans into consideration and make them a national priority. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues in order to make them a re-ality. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 343, 391, 392, 394, AND 802 EN  
BLOC 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the fol-lowing amendments en bloc: Nos. 343, 391, 392, 394, and 802. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 343 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to preserving manda-tory appropriations for agricultural con-servation programs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRESERVING MANDA-TORY APPROPRIATIONS FOR AGRI-CULTURAL CONSERVATION PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the importance of preserving mandatory appropriations for agricultural conservation programs, which may include financial and technical assistance, conserva-tion easements, and working land manage-ment assistance, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 391 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the expansion of ac-cess to the income tax credit for employee health insurance expenses of small employ-ers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EXPANSION OF AC-CESS TO THE INCOME TAX CREDIT FOR EMPLOYEE HEALTH INSUR-ANCE EXPENSES OF SMALL EMPLOY-ERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expansion of access to the income tax credit for employee health insurance ex-penses of small employers by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 392 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to promoting the use of college savings accounts while students are in elementary school and secondary school) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING THE USE OF COLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the use of college sav-ings accounts while students are in elemen-tary school and secondary school, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 394 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expendi-tures for startup companies) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SPECIAL TREATMENT OF THE INCOME TAX CREDIT FOR RESEARCH EXPENDITURES FOR STARTUP COMPANIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 802 
(Purpose: To offset the costs of the war 
against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$8,800,000,000. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor to speak about our Nation’s war against ISIS and why we must pay for it responsibly. As our Nation’s Armed Forces continue their critical mission to degrade and destroy ISIS, which is already months underway, we need to consider another part of our strategy—paying for the war. This is not a new concept. Our Nation has a long history of paying for our military missions. In fact, every war since the Revolutionary War, to the first Gulf War, was paid for. 
Through each of our Nation’s armed 
conflicts, new revenue streams not only provided the resources our mili-
tary needed, they reminded the Amer-ican people that our country was at war and we all needed to contribute to the effort. But after 14 years and 2 wars that have cost our Nation trillions of dollars, I fear we have forgotten this important lesson from our history. 
We cannot write another blank check 
for a war. Paying for a war against ISIS is the right thing to do. It is fis-cally, morally, and militarily respon-sible. As we continue to debate this war authorization in Congress, we need to be honest with the American people and each other about what it will cost our Nation. That is why, as we debate the budget this week, I have offered an amendment that requires us to raise the revenue to pay for the fight against ISIS. The American people deserve no less. 
I urge my colleagues to join me on 
this amendment to pay for a critically important war against ISIS and ensure we fight this battle together as one country. 
Thank you. With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 432 
(Purpose: To provide additional resources to 
create the opportunity for more Americans to obtain a higher education and advanced job skills by supporting two free years of community college paid for by raising rev-enue through requiring millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share) 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 432, which is cospon-sored by Senators S
CHUMER , SANDERS , 
and S TABENOW . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wisconsin [Ms. B ALD-
WIN], for herself, Mr. S ANDERS , and Mr. S CHU-
MER, proposes an amendment numbered 432. 
Ms. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of Tuesday, March 24, 2015, 
under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, my 
amendment would create a free com-munity college program, making a bold investment in our Nation’s students, its workforce, and the future of our economy. It pays for this investment in a balanced way, and my amendment would actually reduce the deficit by enacting the Buffett rule—asking mil-lionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share of taxes while giving our stu-dents a fair shot at the opportunities a higher education brings. I believe every student in America deserves a fair shot and an affordable education, and I be-lieve a college education should be a path to the middle class, not a path into debt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.136 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1878 March 25, 2015 
Inspired by programs in Tennessee 
and Chicago, this spring President Obama proposed a program that would allow students to attend community college for 2 years at no cost. This will give students who are willing to work hard the opportunity to obtain a cer-tificate, an industry-recognized creden-tial, or associate’s degree. That pro-vides the skills they need to access in- demand jobs or earn credits they can transfer into a 4-year institution. 
I would urge all my colleagues to 
support the Baldwin, Schumer, Sand-ers, Stabenow amendment in order to support higher education, to support free community college, and invest in our students and our workforce. 
AMENDMENT NO . 436 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside in order to call up Baldwin amendment No. 436. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Wisconsin [Ms. B ALD-
WIN], for herself, Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE , propose an 
amendment numbered 436. 
Ms. BALDWIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To preserve the point of order 
against reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit or reduce a sur-plus) 
Strike section 405. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, 
amendment No. 436 is also cosponsored by Senators W
ARNER , MCCASKILL , and 
WHITEHOUSE . This amendment is very 
simple. It would strike section 405 of the chairman’s mark. Section 405 eliminated a point of order against rec-onciliation legislation which either in-creases the deficit or would reduce a surplus. 
I see no good reason why we should 
be making it easier to increase the debt and deficit that the majority claims to care so much about. If their reconciliation legislation is so impor-tant, then they ought to pay for it. If this amendment fails to be adopted, we will find ourselves in the same situa-tion we were in the early 2000s. 
In 2001 and 2003, the then-Republican 
majority used reconciliation to pass a $1.3 trillion tax cut in 2001 and then an-other $350 billion tax cut in 2003. Both of these efforts were entirely unpaid for. Not a single dime was offset. So much for fiscal responsibility. It was not until 2007, when Chairman Conrad took control of the Senate Budget Committee, when a point of order was put into place to stop reconciliation from being used as a tool to add to the deficit. Let’s not use the reconciliation process to add to our deficit. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
commonsense amendment. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 694 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up amendment No. 694. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. 
MANCHIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 
694. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to investing in ad-vanced fossil energy technology research and development) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN AD-VANCED FOSSIL ENERGY TECH-NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investing in advanced fossil en-ergy technology research and development at the Department of Energy, to reduce the impacts of climate change while ensuring the reliability of the electric grid, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I agree 
with my friends that we cannot deny that climate change is real and that humans do contribute to it. However, we also cannot deny that we will con-tinue to rely on fossil fuels for decades to come, including for the bulk of our electricity. Coal, specifically, is one of the only two baseload fuels we have that we are able to run 24/7, rain or shine. 
With new regulations, we are facing 
more pressure on our baseload coal. Last winter during the polar vortex, the PGM system that provides elec-tricity for West Virginia and the elec-tricity we are using right now in DC will be running full capacity. We saw a record number of plant outages when they were most needed. 
Further threats to our reliability 
could result in rolling blackouts, which puts the lives of the most vulnerable, the elderly, the sick, and the poor at risk. The Fossil Energy Research and Development Program at the Depart-ment of Energy supports a group of 1,000 projects, including $7 billion of private sector investment, representing 55,000 jobs across the United States. 
Research supported in this program has led to cleaner burning plants over the past decade, and we have reduced pollutants and increased the efficiency of coal-fired powerplants. 
Right now, DOE has $8 billion of fos-
sil energy loan guarantees that need to be utilized. The best way to reduce im-pacts of climate change while still en-suring a reliable electric grid is to in-vest in the research and development of advanced fossil fuel technology. To combat climate change, I would ask for the support of this amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 578 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and call up amendment No. 578. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. 
MANCHIN ] proposes an amendment numbered 
578. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to addressing meth-amphetamine abuse in the United States) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ADDRESSING METH-AMPHETAMINE ABUSE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing methamphetamine abuse in the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, this 
amendment would encourage our coun-try to increase our investment in com-batting methamphetamine use. Meth abuse has devastated communities across the country. Meth can cause violent behavior and psychosis. In the long run, it changes the way the brain 
works, causing long-term emotional and cognitive problems. 
Domestic meth labs, fueled by de-
mand from addicts, endanger commu-nities and the environment. In 2013, in West Virginia, law enforcement offi-cials seized 533 meth labs. That was an 86-percent increase over 2012. I have fought in my State to address meth abuse from every angle: reducing ac-cess to the products that are used to make meth, taking down meth labs, and improving treatment for addicts. 
But this is a national problem, not 
just a West Virginia problem. It re-quires a national response. During 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.092 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1879 March 25, 2015 
committee markup I had a similar 
amendment to enhance investments in efforts to reduce prescription drug abuse and heroin abuse, which passed by voice vote. 
This drug addiction is devastating 
families and communities all over America. Too many young people have lost before their lives begin, and too many adults are being pulled away from productive lives. We must change. Congress must do more to combat meth abuse. That is why I urge the sup-port of my amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 700, 867, AND 895 EN BLOC  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside; further, that three amendments be called up en bloc. They are amendments Nos. 700, 867, and 895. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 700 
(Purpose: To ensure high-income earners pay 
a fair share in taxes and to use the revenue to invest in repairing our Nation’s bridges, coastal infrastructure, and damage from wildfires) 
On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 19, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 2, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 6, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 11, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 14, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 18, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 19, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 2, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 16, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 20, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 6, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 14, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 18, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 22, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. On page 26, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 26, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 867 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to making it more dif-ficult for corporations and billionaires to secretly influence elections by making un-limited undisclosed campaign expendi-tures, and to prevent such entities from evading campaign finance law, including through making false statements to gov-ernment agencies) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR COR-PORATIONS TO SECRETLY INFLU-ENCE ELECTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to campaign finance reform, includ-ing disclosure of campaign spending and the prevention and enforcement of false state-ments to the Government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 895 
(Purpose: To prohibit budget resolutions 
that support cutting over $1,000,000,000,000 in spending without identifying specific programmatic effects) 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 4 l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS THAT SUPPORT CUT-TING OVER $1,000,000,000,000 IN SPENDING WITHOUT IDENTIFYING SPECIFIC PROGRAMMATIC EFFECTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a concurrent resolution on the budget that would reduce new budget authority or outlays during the fiscal years covered under the resolution by more than $1,000,000,000,000 (as compared to the fiscal year before the budget year for the resolution) unless the committee print ac-companying the resolution identifies the specific programmatic effects proposed to meet the recommended levels and amounts in the resolution. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 632 AND 633 EN BLOC  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside so I can call up amendments Nos. 632 and 633 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.095 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1880 March 25, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 632 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REASONABLE ACCOM-MODATIONS FOR PREGNANT WORK-ERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to increase employment opportunities and prevent employment dis-crimination, which may include measures to prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers, to provide pregnant work-ers with a right to workplace accommoda-tions, and to ensure that employers comply with requirements regarding such workplace accommodations for pregnant workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 633 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to enhancing the child and dependent care tax credit) 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENHANCING THE CHILD AND DEPENDENT CARE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing the child and depend-ent care tax credit in order to offset the growing costs of child care, including by making the credit fully refundable, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, just a 
brief description of both. Both are def-icit-neutral reserve funds. The first provides reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers. That is No. 632. We have had a standard in place for a quarter century pursuant to the Amer-icans with Disabilities Act that indi-viduals who have a disability in the workplace are given reasonable accom-modations at the worksite. 
We should have the same for preg-
nant workers. We have a case that was decided today by the Supreme Court, Young v. UPS. This was a mixed result, but I think Peggy Young, the plaintiff in that case, got a good result. But there is still not a clear standard which we could place in the law, just like we have in the context of an individual with a disability in the workforce. So we need a clear standard to increase employment opportunities and prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers. 
Secondly, amendment No. 633 is a 
further development of existing poli-cies as it relates to childcare. We have 
had in the Tax Code now for a long time a tax credit for families who are paying for the cost of childcare. 
That tax provision is a way to pro-
vide tax relief to offset childcare ex-penses for families. The problem, though, is under current law—as it is currently structured—it doesn’t pro-vide the kind of relief it should. In fact, the way it is designed now, very few families are able to benefit from it. I want to make it—I think it should be refundable. That is the best way to pro-vide a measure of relief that is not there now for families. 
Childcare for some families—if it is 
not the most expensive part of their budget, it is often second or third— thousands of dollars. It has gone up across the country by some 70 percent in less than 30 years. We need to help families be able to pay for something as essential as childcare. That is what that amendment is about. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 842, 843, 952, AND 953 EN BLOC  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up en bloc amendments Nos. 842, 843, 952, and 953. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 842 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to consumer financial protection) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSUMER FINAN-CIAL PROTECTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to consumer financial protection, which may include measures ensuring that the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion has authority and autonomy to con-tinue to protect consumers from predatory lending, misleading or abusive behavior in the financial marketplace, or other unscru-pulous practices, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 843 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to restoring reductions in the Republican budget to the Stafford loan program that would mandate that students currently in college pay interest on their loans before they have received their education benefits, to make college more affordable, to reduce the debt burden of students, and to help graduates afford to pay back student loans) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE COST OF ATTENDANCE AT AN INSTITU-TION OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND ENSURING THAT STUDENTS CAN AF-FORD TO PAY BACK STUDENT LOANS BY AVOIDING NEW MANDATES THAT STUDENTS PAY INTEREST. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the cost of attending an institution of higher education and ensuring that students who graduate can afford to pay back their student loans, which may include avoiding new mandates that students pay in-terest on Stafford loans while attending an institution of higher education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 952 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to establishing a more level playing field in trade agreements) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to trade agreements, which may in-clude measures ensuring that trade agree-ments put United States manufacturers on a level playing field with manufacturers in for-eign countries with low environmental and wage standards, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 953 
(Purpose: To save student financial aid and 
reduce the student loan debt levels in the Republican budget by 15 percent by elimi-nating new mandated interest charged while students are still in school) 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$2,031,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,776,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$4,147,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,479 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,785,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12 ,increase the amount by 
$5,404,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$5,735,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$6,075,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$6,387,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,876 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.143 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1881 March 25, 2015 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$2,876,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,015,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,250 ,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,945,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$3,375,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,125,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,545,000,000. On page 29, line 11, increase the amount by 
$ 4,270,000,000. 
On page 29, line 12, increase the amount by 
$3,680,000,000. 
On page 29, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,405,000,000. 
On page 29, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,530,000,000. 
On page 29, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,910,000,000. 
On page 29, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,665,000,000. 
On page 29, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,025,000,000. 
On page 30, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,795,000,000. 
On page 30, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,140,000,000. 
On page 30, line 6, increase the amount by 
$4,925,000,000. 
On page 30, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,250,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
AMENDMENT NO . 825 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside and that I be permitted to call up amendment No. 825. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ] proposes an amendment num-
bered 825. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To expand the deficit-neutral re-
serve fund for veterans and servicemembers) 
On page 54, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(6) vocational programs of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that improves vocational rehabilita-tion and counseling for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and members of the Armed Forces with severe injuries or ill-ness; 
(7) improving research at the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that expands research on post-trau-matic stress disorder, traumatic brain in-jury, or toxic exposures; 
(8) improving the delivery of health care 
and benefits to veterans or members of the Armed Forces, which may include legislation that improves delivery of health care and benefits to victims of military sexual trau-ma; 
(9) improving the delivery of care and ben-
efits to veterans, which may include legisla-tion that enhances oversight and investiga-tions by the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General; 
(10) maintaining and enhancing access, 
choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146); 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
this amendment builds on the reserve fund in section 307 to provide for better medical research into the issues affect-ing women in our military, most par-ticularly women who become veterans, which is a neglected aspect of health care in our Veterans Affairs health care system. 
It focuses on military sexual trauma, 
which is continuing to be a scourge in the military, and its effects. But it also deals more generally with the need for research into post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury, which is unfor-tunately lagging in our Veterans Af-fairs system, as determined as our VA is to do more of it. 
It would also build on existing pro-
grams for job training and vocational rehabilitation so our veterans entering the job market and seeking to become productive in well-paying jobs will be able to fulfill that ambition. It essen-tially fills in some of the gaps left by the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act which this body passed not long ago, to meet the emer-gency as well as the sustained needs of our veterans that are unfulfilled by our present VA. 
It is our obligation to do better for 
our Nation’s heroes, keep faith with them and leave no veteran behind when it comes to jobs and health care. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak briefly about four of the amendments I have brought up this evening to provide some background and detail. 
AMENDMENT NO . 391 
First, I would like to speak about 
amendment No. 391, an amendment I have offered that would help small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.152 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1882 March 25, 2015 
businesses to provide health insurance 
to their employees. 
The Affordable Care Act made impor-
tant strides toward making health care more affordable and accessible to mil-lions of Americans. One of the ways the ACA was intended to expand coverage was through business tax credits, to help business owners who want to do right by their workers and provide health insurance. These tax credits were a good first step. 
But over the past 2 years, it has be-
come clear we need to do more, to ex-pand and simplify them to help more small businesses. Although many peo-ple I speak with have benefitted great-ly from the new coverage afforded by the ACA, I have also spoken to many small business owners in Delaware who have wanted to take advantage of the tax credit but could not because it was too complicated or they did not qual-ify. 
We need to listen to these concerns 
and strengthen our health care system so it works for everyone. That is why I am offering my amendment to expand access to the ACA’s small business tax credit, which is based on legislation I have introduced with eight of my col-leagues. The small business owners I speak with who do not see their em-ployees as labor costs or lines on a bal-ance sheet, who see them as members of their family and a key part of their business and community, those small business owners want to do right by their workers and help ensure that their health care needs are covered. 
We should do everything we can to 
help them meet those goals. So I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment to expand health care tax credits for small business owners. 
If I might very briefly speak to the 
three remaining amendments I have made pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 394 
Amendment No. 394 is cosponsored by 
Republican Senator P ATROBERTS of 
Kansas and is also cosponsored by Sen-ator S
CHUMER . It is the startup innova-
tion credit. It makes the research and development tax credit accessible to early-stage and startup companies, an important way that we can take a long-established tax credit that is of real benefit to significant, profitable companies that invest heavily in R&D and make it accessible to those fast- growing, early-stage companies in our economy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 392 
Second, I have the college savings 
bill. This is amendment No. 392 with Senator R
UBIO of Florida. It is a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund that encour-ages the use of college savings ac-counts. Study after study has shown that if young children have even as lit-tle as $500 in a savings account for col-lege, they are three times more likely to enroll in college. 
Access is also reliant on afford-
ability. College savings accounts make college more affordable and thus more accessible, but it also lifts young peo-ple’s sights and helps them focus on 
the importance of a college education. 
AMENDMENT NO . 343 
The last amendment is No. 343, which 
provides for support for farm bill con-servation programs, which have been cut over the last 5 years by $2 billion. 
It is important that we preserve the 
long bipartisan-supported conservation programs in our farm bill that make a huge difference for farms of all kinds across our Nation. 
I urge my colleagues to support each 
of my amendments I discussed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
AMENDMENT NOS . 341, 539, AND 795 EN BLOC  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside to call up my amendment Nos. 341, 539, and 795 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 341 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the promotion of United States offshore energy production) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROMOTION OF UNITED STATES OFFSHORE ENERGY PRODUCTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the expansion of United States offshore energy production that would result in American job growth, lower energy prices, economic growth, and stronger national se-curity by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 539 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to improving Medicaid based on successful and bipartisan State demonstration projects) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING MEDICAID BASED ON SUCCESSFUL AND BIPAR-TISAN STATE DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives that would improve the Medicaid program and provide stable and predictable funding for long-term services and supports under the program, including initiatives that are based on successful and bipartisan State demonstration projects, by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the 
period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 795 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to authorizing Federal permitting for manufacturing and energy construction projects relating to national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone lower than a certain ex-isting standard) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AUTHORIZING FED-ERAL PERMITTING FOR MANUFAC-TURING AND ENERGY CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS RELATING TO NA-TIONAL PRIMARY OR SECONDARY AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STANDARD FOR OZONE LOWER THAN A CER-TAIN EXISTING STANDARD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency of the national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone, which may include a prohibition on with-holding Federal permits for manufacturing and energy construction projects in States that are in nonattainment with the most re-cent effective ozone national primary or sec-ondary ambient air quality standard, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, speak-
ing first to amendment No. 341, a prin-cipal challenge in our society today is how do we create better jobs with bet-ter benefits for working families. 
There are some industries that clear-
ly have done that. Those include the energy industry and, by extension, the low cost energy being produced domes-tically that in turn is creating new manufacturing jobs. 
To further this process, I will first 
point out that over 85 percent of the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf is closed off to energy exploration and produc-tion. 
Opening the American OCS, as it is 
called, will provide hundreds of thou-sands of jobs and increase our national security by increasing our energy secu-rity. 
My amendment encourages the secu-
rity and these jobs by opening up America’s Outer Continental Shelf to energy exploration and production. 
Amendment No. 539. I am a doctor. I 
have been working in the public hos-pital system of Louisiana for the last 25 years caring for the uninsured. I am so aware of the importance of safety- net programs such as Medicaid. I point out, though, that Medicaid is a broken program—so broken that it is bank-rupting State governments and con-tributing to our runaway national debt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.099 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1883 March 25, 2015 
The question is how do we preserve 
this important program but, at the same time, also preserve the financial integrity of our State government, of our Federal Government, and, if you will, ultimately the pocketbook of the taxpayer. 
This amendment would build upon 
proven models that will provide finan-cial security for the patients who ben-efit from Medicaid as well as for the States that provide those benefits for those Medicaid patients. 
This is an important beginning to re-
form Medicaid to preserve its benefits, but, again, to protect the American taxpayer. 
Lastly, amendment No. 795. I return 
to what I said earlier. A chief challenge now is how do we create better jobs with better benefits for working fami-lies. Those jobs oftentimes are in con-struction, mining, and manufacturing. 
The EPA is promulgating new regula-
tions which they estimate for ambient air quality standards, which they esti-mate the cost of compliance will be $3.9 billion in the year 2025. 
This is estimated to decrease our 
gross domestic product by $140 billion, a $3.9 billion cost, leading to a $140 bil-lion decrease in our economy. Inevi-tably, there are lost jobs associated with it, working families that are less well off. 
The EPA would prevent construction 
of manufacturing and energy-intensive enterprises. 
My amendment ensures the Amer-
ican energy and manufacturing renais-sance is not interrupted by EPA’s cost-ly regulation. It preserves those jobs for the American people. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
AMENDMENT NO . 715 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside, and on behalf of Senator B
ENNET call up amendment 
No. 715. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. C OONS ], 
for Mr. B ENNET , proposes an amendment 
numbered 715. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To create clean energy jobs 
through predictable and fair incentives for renewable energy) 
On page 55, beginning with line 24, strike 
through line 2 on page 56 and insert the fol-lowing: tax on medical device manufacturers; 
(4) operations and administration of the 
Department of the Treasury; or 
(5) creating clean energy jobs, including 
extending over a reasonable period of time, as a bridge to tax reform, expired and expir-ing tax credits for renewable energy produc-tion and investment, Mr. COONS. I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 607 AND 743 EN BLOC  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, at 
this time I ask unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside to call up Senator T
HUNE ’s amendments 
Nos. 607 and 743 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 607 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to allow for the permanent elimination of the Federal estate tax) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PERMANENTLY ELIMINATE THE FEDERAL ESTATE TAX. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in the Federal income tax laws, which may include eliminating the Federal estate tax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 743 
(Purpose: To reduce funding for the General 
Services Administration by $1,000,000 until 50 percent of counties in nonattainment for the 1997 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for ground–level ozone as of January 30, 2015, achieve the air qual-ity standard set forth in the 1997 NAAQS, and direct those funds to the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency for the purpose of helping munici-palities reach attainment with the 2008 NAAQS for ground–level ozone, acknowl-edging that (1) given limited State and Federal resources and the delay of the Ad-ministrator in issuing to States implemen-tation guidance for the 2008 ground-level ozone NAAQS, priority should be given to achieving the 2008 standard, (2) the Admin-istrator has not sufficiently implemented that standard, (3) focusing by the Adminis-trator on the most polluted areas that are in nonattainment with that standard would benefit public health, and (4) pro-mulgating a lower standard at this time would impose undue costs on the economy and workforce of the United States) 
On page 20, line 13, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 17, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 25, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. On page 21, line 1, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 4, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 5, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 9, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 12, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 13, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 16, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 17, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 20, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 24, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 25, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 43, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 43, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 838 AND 770 EN BLOC  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside to call up my amendments Nos. 838 and 770 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 838 
(Purpose: To establish a spending-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the disposal of cer-tain Federal land) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.101 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1884 March 25, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to sell or transfer to, or exchange with, a State or local govern-ment any Federal land that is not within the boundaries of a National Park, National Pre-serve, or National Monument, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 770 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF ARCTIC POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have two amendments that I want to speak to very briefly this evening that I hope we will have an opportunity to consider tomorrow when we move to a very accelerated process. One of them relates to lands and one relates to water—our oceans and how we move about on our oceans. 
The first amendment I would like to 
speak to is an amendment that would establish a neutral reserve fund for land sales, transfers, and exchanges. 
Before I get to describing that, I 
want to take just a couple of minutes and speak to the overall budget itself in comparison and contrast to that submitted by the President. The budg-et before us is a stark contrast to the President’s request, which simply pre-tended that sequestration didn’t exist, never came remotely close to bal-ancing, and would have led to the re-turn of trillion dollar deficits by 2025. 
The Republican budget we have in 
front of us, as compared to the Presi-dent’s request, while far from perfect— believe me, far from perfect—does present a very significant choice be-tween a direction on energy that takes us backwards and a proposal that we see laid out in this Republican budget that gives us a clear choice when it comes to the future of our energy and natural resources policy. 
The President’s budget featured tens 
of billions of dollars of tax hikes and fees for our Nation’s oil, gas, and coal producers. It would have stripped away offshore revenue sharing, which is a matter of fairness and should be ex-panded to all coastal producing States. 
I know that is an issue the Chair and 
I agree on. The President’s budget also ignored 
basic responsibilities such as cleaning up abandoned legacy wells that the Federal Government drilled. They drilled these years ago, decades ago, and while we have seen major spending increases at most agencies and depart-ments, in the one area where they are obligated to do the cleanup, we are not seeing that addressed. The President’s budget would have done nothing to pro-mote resource development even in places where there is overwhelming public support for it, such as my State of Alaska, which has seen restriction after restriction placed upon it by this administration. I have had an oppor-tunity to speak many times on this floor about that. 
Instead, the President sought new 
programs to subsidize the high costs of his regulatory plans, and he has tried to find ways to avert the serious con-sequences, such as the weakening of the reliability of our electric grid that will consequently fall on its weight. 
Ultimately, the President’s budget 
would have led to lower energy and mineral production in our country. It would have lowered energy and mineral security. It would have led to fewer jobs, lower revenues, higher prices, and higher dependence on others. It would have lavished subsidies as it deepens our debt. It takes us in exactly the wrong direction when we talk about our energy future, our energy security. 
The President’s budget would have 
done nothing to turn around the nega-tive trends we are seeing in production on Federal lands either. His energy proposals are about as balanced as the budget that he offered. 
As we have seen increased oil produc-
tion around the country, we have seen the benefits that it has yielded in terms of lower prices, we have seen the jobs that it has created, and we have seen the opportunities for us. Yet this oil production is not happening on our Federal lands. It is going gangbusters on State and private lands. Natural gas production has outright declined for years on Federal lands, and the Presi-dent’s regulators are now hard at work to ensure that coal follows suit. 
We talk a lot about the conventional 
fuels—fossil fuels—and it is important to recognize that we are seeing similar patterns on Federal lands when it comes to other energy sources. The President talks a lot about increasing generation from our renewables. I agree. It is something we need to move towards. We are seeing increased re-newable production, but are we seeing it on our Federal land? It may come as a surprise to the Chair and to others in this body what we heard from rep-resentatives of the wind industry. 
My staff asked what percentage of 
wind projects are actually on Federal land? And surely, given the commit-ment we have to renewable energy, one would expect that to be a high percent-age. The answer back was hardly any. Some 98.6 percent of wind projects are apparently on State and private land— 98.6 percent. Not even 2 percent are on 
Federal land. 
That stat shows what we mean and 
why we are right when we say it is in-credibly hard to develop any type of energy on Federal lands. Secretary Jewell said as much in front of our committee. She said: It is just hard to do so on Federal lands. 
So I am glad to be here as the chair-
man of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources to affirm that we have a better way forward. 
The energy revolution—renewable 
and petroleum—in this country has been on State and private lands. That is a fact. So I have filed an amendment that would complement language that is already in the resolution by focusing on sales, transfers or exchanges of land with State or local governments. 
The budget resolution already con-
tains language for land acquisition and conservation efforts. So nothing in the language that we have included in this amendment actually sells, transfers or exchanges a specifically identified piece of property. Any legislation en-abled by this spending-neutral reserve fund will have to go through the proc-ess and be voted either up or down in regular order. 
The language does specify what can-
not be considered, and that is any land that is located within a national park, within a national preserve or a na-tional monument. Those would con-tinue to be protected. 
This language would provide balance 
by enabling the types of exchanges, sales or transfers with States or local governments that are often used to craft balanced, comprehensive land policies, such as we did in the lands package on NDAA that we passed last Congress. 
When we have an opportunity to con-
sider this amendment, a vote for it is really a vote in support of—as a pri-ority of this Congress—comprehensive approaches to land policies to facili-tate economic development, empower States, and improve our conservation systems. 
I would encourage Members to take a 
look at what I have offered here this evening and what I hope we will be able to take up for a vote tomorrow. 
The second matter, very briefly—and 
I know the Senator from Colorado is here as well, and others wish to speak tonight—is an amendment I have of-fered just now that I hope we will have a chance to vote on which focuses our priorities as a nation on what is hap-pening in the north. 
We are an arctic nation. Now we are 
by virtue of my home State. But it is not just Alaska. We are an arctic na-tion, and as such we have responsibil-ities, we have obligations. There is ac-tivity happening in the north country that is without question. 
What is also without question is that 
as an arctic nation, we are woefully be-hind in certain infrastructure related to our Arctic. What do most people think of when they think of the Arctic? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.157 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1885 March 25, 2015 
Ice. How do we move through the Arc-
tic Ocean filled with ice? An ice break-er. And it is not just for commerce, it is from a national security perspective, it is from a research perspective. It is for all those things that, again, would allow us to be a leader as an arctic na-tion. 
This is not easy for us, because ice 
breakers don’t come cheap. But it should be a priority for us, as a na-tional asset, for an arctic nation. 
I won’t go through the list of what 
other nations have in terms of their as-sets, but suffice it to say our neighbors to the east in Russia have over 30 ice breakers. The ice breaker capacity our Canadian friends have is six. 
But it is not just arctic nations that 
have arctic capacity through their ice breakers. It is nations such as China. Think how far away China is from the Arctic. India is considering building an ice breaker. Think how far away they are. It begs the question: Why, as an arctic nation, are we not stepping up? So I am challenging my colleagues: Think broader. 
I invited all Members of the Senate 
to join the Arctic Caucus and under-stand again what it means for you and your respective States, the benefits, but also the obligations. 
I look forward to the discussion on 
the issue of how we build out our arctic capacity and our infrastructure, and I also look forward to further discussion on how we can do more to ensure the opportunities we have for our economic development and our energy security can continue on the lands we are blessed to have as a nation, and the op-portunities that will be made further available if we are able to move for-ward with the ideas I have proposed this evening. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Colorado. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 485, 490, AND 852 EN BLOC  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside to call up the Ayotte amendments numbered 485, 490, and 852 en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments are called up en 
bloc. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 485 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to provide equity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE EQUITY IN THE TAX TREATMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY OF-FICER DEATH BENEFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing tax equity for death benefits paid to the families of public safety officers who lose their lives in the line of 
duty, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 490 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on community banks) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS THE DISPROPORTIONATE REGULATORY BURDENS ON COMMU-NITY BANKS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating disproportionate reg-ulatory burdens on community banks, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 852 
(Purpose: To establish a deficit-neutral re-
serve fund relating to providing small busi-ness regulatory relief and preventing dupli-cative regulations for investment advisors) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING SMALL BUSINESS REGULATORY RELIEF AND PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE REGULATIONS FOR INVESTMENT AD-VISORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating regulatory burdens on small businesses, fostering small business export growth, and preventing duplicative regulations for investment advisors by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, earlier 
today I came to the floor to talk about the danger this Republican budget poses to our economic and national se-curity. I would like to expand on why this budget is out of balance and to fur-ther highlight the risks of using OCO, as some of my colleagues on the other side have proposed, instead of elimi-nating the sequester. 
This budget, instead of taking a bal-
anced approach to growing our econ-omy and fiscal responsibility, like rais-
ing revenue by closing egregious tax loopholes and investing that revenue in job creation measures, doubles down on unrealistic and unfair cuts to programs that help grow and strengthen Amer-ica’s middle class. This perverse stand-ard is evident across this budget and it reinforces a disturbing trend by my 
colleagues on the other side—if it is a broad- based investment in our econ-omy, like investing in infrastructure or providing aid to jobseekers, then it must be paid for by cuts on the backs of middle-class Americans; but, if it is for a set of powerful special interests like the extension of tax expenditures then the deficit doesn’t matter to many of my colleagues on the other side. This sort of double standard is what causes the American people to feel that Congress is out of touch. 
Most alarmingly, this budget does 
not eliminate the automatic spending reductions, known as the sequester, contained in the Budget Control Act. The Senate Republican budget leaves hundreds of billions of dollars in dev-astating automatic cuts to discre-tionary spending in place and then makes an additional $236 billion in cuts over 10 years to investments for mid-dle-class families. These cuts to our non-defense and defense budgets will cause substantial harm to our eco-nomic and national security. That is why we have to eliminate the seques-ter—and why there must be balance in relief for non-defense and defense sides of the ledger. 
Every senior civilian and military 
leader in the Department of Defense who has come before the Armed Serv-ices Committee has warned that if de-fense budgets are subject to sequestra-tion, we will likely not be able to meet the national defense strategy without an unacceptable level of risk. It will have a damaging impact on our mili-tary readiness, modernization, and the welfare of our service members and their families. 
Earlier today I mentioned the testi-
mony of Admiral Gortney and General Kelly and how the non-defense and de-fense sides of the budget work together to protect our homeland. Indeed, heli-copters and cutters from the Coast Guard, which falls on the non-defense side of the ledger, are critical to stop-ping drug smuggling and human traf-ficking into the homeland. And Gen-eral Kelly made clear that, because of the limited number of Coast Guard cut-ters available, they are only stopping about 20 percent of the traffic—and there is a direct correlation: the more cutters they have, the more trafficking they can stop. 
Senator M
CCAINand Senator G RAHAM  
have been trying repeatedly to increase spending for defense accounts. Their absolute commitment to the men and women of the armed services is without question. However, they have been compelled, by those opposed to an in-crease of the base budgets of the Armed Forces and who favor the continuation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.106 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1886 March 25, 2015 
of sequestration, to resort to a budg-
etary gimmick. 
They would use the Overseas Contin-
gency Operation account to try and in-crease defense spending to the Presi-dent’s base level of $561 billion. 
First, I believe we should just elimi-
nate the sequester all together, and that means going to the Budget Con-trol Act cap of $577 billion for defense in FY16. Second, using OCO as an es-cape valve as my Republican col-leagues have suggested isn’t sustain-able. It is a gimmick and as we have heard in testimony, OCO funding isn’t flexible as discretionary spending and could damage our long-term readiness. 
General Odierno, Chief of Staff of the 
Army, made this point: 
So first, I would just say there’s a risk to 
not funding the base, in putting it in OCO, because with that has to come flexibility within OCO for us to spend it on the things that are necessary. So . . . because OCO has limits and it has restrictions, and it has very strict rules that have to be followed. And so if we’re inhibited by that, it might not help us. What might happen at the end of the year, we have a bunch of money we hand back because we’re not able to spend it. 
General Welsh, Chief of Staff of the 
Air Force, made a similar point in de-scribing the Air Force’s need for mod-ernization and how one-off funding through OCO particularly constrains its platform-based force. 
That is not how we should support 
the greatest fighting force in history. This may seem to be a clever way to bypass the Budget Control Act, but it has real ramifications for our men and women in uniform. 
Indeed, the problem with these ap-
proaches is that they don’t work. And, it seems even Senator G
RAHAM ’s 
amendment to boost OCO funding in the budget runs into technical difficul-ties. Indeed, it does not appear to do what it purports to do—to boost de-fense spending—because it fails to lift the actual OCO cap. Now, it is true that a budget resolution isn’t law, but plays an important role in the process of governing and setting the rules for our appropriations process. 
Now, I expect there will be an at-
tempt to correct that on the floor, but we shouldn’t be engaging in these di-versions to begin with. We should be crafting a budget that is serious and acknowledges our economic and secu-rity needs. 
So my colleagues and I are offering 
several amendments in order to dem-onstrate there is a better path and to address some of the glaring problems with this budget. However, as we have seen with Senator S
ANDER ’s reasonable 
attempt to provide $478 billion in transportation funding, paid-for by closing egregious offshore tax loop-holes, my colleagues refuse to agree to the kind of commonsense proposals that I believe a vast majority of Ameri-cans would support. 
But I hope my colleagues can join 
with me on some of these types of measures like ones to establish a budg-et point of order that will keep bor-rowing costs down for students; closing 
egregious offshore tax loopholes— which during our last budget debate was a bipartisan amendment adopted by voice vote; or lowering drug prices for seniors by letting the Secretary of HHS negotiate drug prices—indeed, it is particularly troubling that many pharmaceutical companies dodge taxes through offshore tax loopholes, but profit off of Medicare, and are legally protected from having to negotiate drug prices with the government. 
We have a blueprint for responsibly 
managing the budget and meeting the needs of a great and growing nation. It requires a balance of cuts, which we have done already, and new revenue. And as we see demonstrated by the Re-publican budget, we cannot cut our way to prosperity—much less cut our way towards a balanced budget. And we all know that the best way forward is to promote broad-based economic growth so that millions of hardworking Americans and their families can have a brighter and stable economic future. 
So I hope my colleagues on the other 
side will join with us in supporting amendments that put middle-class families and broad-based economic growth first. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAX EXPENDITURES 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to correct the record on the mat-ter of tax expenditures. Many myths have been created and reinforced by my friends on the other side of the aisle on the subject of tax expenditures. In my 4 years as ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, I came to the floor several times to set the record straight. I am afraid I need to do it again today, this time as chair-man. Today I will focus on the tax ex-penditures in the individual income tax. According to 2014 Congressional Budget Office data, the individual in-come tax accounts for 47.1 percent of Federal revenue. By contrast, the cor-porate income tax accounts for 11.9 percent of Federal revenue. 
It boils down to three basic points. 
All points that can be derived from an objective, nonpartisan review of the data from Congress’s nonpartisan offi-cial tax scorekeeper. I am referring to the Joint Committee on Taxation, of which I am the vicechair. 
First point: Tax expenditures are not 
spending, with one exception. That ex-ception is for refundable tax credits. They count as outlays under the Con-gressional Budget Act. Ironically, re-fundable tax credits are the policies my friends on the other side are most in favor of expanding. Just look at the 
slew of Democratic amendments filed to that effect. My Democratic friends erroneously describe most tax expendi-tures as spending. Yet they seek to ex-pand the minority of tax expenditures which score as spending. Go figure. 
Second point: The vast bulk of tax 
expenditures tend to distribute dis-proportionately to middle and lower Income taxpayers. A cursory examina-tion of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation’s annual tax expenditure pam-phlet will lead an unbiased reader in-evitably to that conclusion. 
Third point: The vast bulk of tax ex-
penditures are attributable to widely applicable tax benefits, like the chari-table contribution deduction, mortgage interest deduction, and State and local tax deduction. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an 
analysis of Joint Committee on Tax-ation data, performed by the Finance Committee staff. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[March 25, 2015] 
Fact Sheet: Who Benefits From Tax Ex-
penditures? 
Tax expenditures are often portrayed as 
‘‘loopholes’’ that disproportionately benefit the wealthy. However, examination of the facts reveals that many of the largest tax ex-penditures disproportionately benefit middle class Americans or those with income below $200,000. 
According to recent (Feb. 2013) Joint Com-
mittee on Taxation estimates, those tax-payers with adjusted gross income exceeding $200,000 collectively pay 57% of the indi-vidual income tax burden. The remaining 43% of the individual income tax burden is paid by those taxpayers with less than $200,000 of adjusted gross income. The fol-lowing summarizes how the benefit of var-ious tax expenditure items is split between ‘‘high income’’ taxpayers with adjusted gross income exceeding $200,000 and the remaining taxpayers with less than $200,000 of adjusted gross income: 
Mortgage Interest Itemized Deduction: 35% 
of the benefit of the mortgage interest tax expenditure goes to taxpayers with income exceeding $200,000. Taxpayers with income below $200,000 receive 65% of the benefit. By a ratio of almost 2 to 1, taxpayers under $200,000 benefit from it. 
Earned Income Credit: The earned income 
credit is fully refundable. This means that taxpayers receive it in full whether they pay income tax or not. The earned income credit is phased out as earned income rises. High income taxpayers are not eligible to receive any benefit from the earned income credit. 
Child tax Credit: This credit is also limited 
to lower and middle income taxpayers. Again, none of it goes to higher income tax-payers. 
Charitable Contribution Deduction: Of all 
of the tax expenditures listed, at 57% this one distributes in the highest proportion to taxpayers above $200,000 in income. The tax savings benefit of the charitable contribu-tion deduction is distributed to wealthy tax-payers in the exact same proportion as the share of total income taxes they pay. This result hardly seems unfair. 
State and Local Income and Sales Tax De-
duction: 55% of this broad-based deduction goes to high income families leaving the re-maining 45% to middle class earners. High 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.073 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1887 March 25, 2015 
income taxpayers receive most of the benefit 
from this tax expenditure because they also pay most of the state and local income and sales taxes. 
Tax-Free Portion of Social Security Bene-
fits: Just 2% of the tax benefit from favor-able tax treatment of Social Security goes to recipients with income exceeding $200,000. 
Real Property Taxes: While some may say 
that only those with villas are taking the property tax deduction, 75% of the real prop-erty tax benefit goes to taxpayers with less than $200,000 of income. 
Education Credits: Once again, 100% of the 
benefit goes to taxpayers with income under $200,000. 
Medical Expense Deduction: 88% of this tax 
benefit goes to taxpayers with income under $200,000. 
Child Care Credit: This is a modest tax 
credit targeted for taxpayers that incur child care costs in order to work. Like the child tax credit, it mainly benefits low and middle income families. 95% of the benefit goes to taxpayers with income under $200,000. 
Student Loan Interest Deduction: This tax 
benefit is phased out as a taxpayer’s income rises. All of the benefit goes to taxpayers earning less than $200,000. 
10 L ARGEST TAXEXPENDITURE ITEMS  
JCT ESTIMATED 5 YEAR (2012 –2016) AMOUNTS  
1) $707 Billion—Exclusion of Employer Pro-
vided Health Insurance and Health Care Benefits 
Employer paid premiums for health insur-
ance and other health benefits are generally not included in the employee recipient’s tax-able income and are also not subject to em-ployment taxes. In addition, employees can usually pay for their share of employer pro-vided health insurance and other health ben-efits with pretax earnings. 
2) $649 Billion—Tax Deferred Retirement 
Savings Plans 
Both employer and employee contributions 
to pension plans are generally excluded from taxable employee compensation. Earnings on pension plan assets are also tax exempt. Em-ployees are taxed upon receipt of pension plan distributions. Taxpayers accumulate savings for retirement more rapidly with this benefit of tax deferral. 
3) $596 Billion—Reduced Tax Rates on Long- 
term Capital Gains & Dividends 
Recently enacted legislation has dramati-
cally increased the taxation of both long- term capital gain and qualified dividend in-come for high income individuals. The tax rate for these high income individuals has increased from 15% to 20% beginning in 2013. This increased rate is lower than the max-imum rate applied to ordinary income which is now 39.6%. 
4) $402 Billion—Deduction of Nonbusiness 
State & Local, Income, Sales, Personal Property and Real Property Taxes 
Individual taxpayers can deduct amounts 
paid for non-business state and local income, sales, real estate and personal property taxes as an itemized deduction. 
5) $364 Billion—Deduction for Mortgage 
Interest on Owner Occupied Residences 
Interest on home mortgage loans may be 
deducted. There is a $1,000,000 limit on the maximum qualifying loan amount and it can be used to carry up to two taxpayer resi-dences. Interest on additional indebtedness of up to $100,000 is also deductible when such indebtedness is secured by the taxpayer’s primary residence. 
6) $320 Billion—Earned Income Credit 
The earned income tax credit is designed 
to subsidize the wages of low and moderate income taxpayers. The credit is greatly en-
hanced when the taxpayer is also supporting children. This credit is fully refundable in the case of taxpayers that have no income tax liability because of other provisions in the tax system such as the standard deduc-tion and personal and dependency exemp-tions. 
7) $289 Billion—Child Tax Credit 
Under current law taxpayers are entitled 
to a partially refundable tax credit in the amount of $1,000 for each qualifying child under the age of 17. The credit is phased out for high income taxpayers. 
8) $240 Billion—Exclusion of Cafeteria Plan & 
Other Employee Fringe Benefits 
Under current law an employer’s qualified 
cafeteria plan allows employee participants to voluntarily reduce their otherwise taxable compensation so that the reduction can be used to purchase certain benefits such as health insurance and dependent care with be-fore-tax earnings. Repeal of this provision would cause employees to purchase these benefits with after-tax earnings. 
9) $236 Billion—Exclusion of Capital Gains at 
Death 
Under current law the tax basis of property 
included in a decedent’s estate is adjusted to fair market value on the date of death. Ac-cordingly, the gain element in a decedent’s appreciated property escapes income tax. 
10) $225 Billion—Deduction for Charitable 
Contributions 
Individual taxpayers can deduct gifts to 
qualified charitable organizations as an itemized deduction. When a taxpayer makes a gift of long-term capital gain property (i.e., appreciated stock) the amount of de-duction is equal to the value of the gift. Ac-cordingly, the capital gain in the gifted prop-erty is not taxed. 
[March 25, 2015] 
DEBUNKING THE MYTHS OF SO-CALLED TAX 
EXPENDITURES  
Some in Washington have claimed that 
eliminating tax expenditures is the same as getting rid of wasteful spending or closing unwanted loopholes. The reality is somewhat different. Middle-class families would hardly agree that incentives to save for college and retirement or to buy a home are loopholes. Here’s a closer look at the myths of tax ex-penditures: 
Myth: Tax Expenditures Are Spending. Fact: The federal government cannot spend 
money that it never touched and never pos-sessed. Tax expenditures let taxpayers keep more of their own money. And only by the public consent is the government permitted to take some of it in taxation to pay for cer-tain public goods. When tax hike proponents say we are giving businesses and individuals all this money in tax expenditures, they are incorrectly assuming that the government has that money to give in the first place, when in fact it does not. To the contrary, the government never touches the money that a taxpayer keeps due to benefitting from a tax expenditure, whereas with spending, the gov-ernment actually collects money from tax-payers and then spends it. 
Another difference between tax expendi-
tures and spending is that reducing or elimi-nating a tax expenditure without an offset-ting tax cut to reach a revenue neutral level will cause the size of the federal government to grow, while reducing or eliminating spending causes the size of the federal gov-ernment to shrink. 
Myth: Tax Expenditures are Loopholes. Fact: This is deliberately inaccurate. A 
loophole is something that Congress did not intend and would generally shut down, at least going forward, once it learned of the 
loophole. Tax expenditures, by contrast, were generally placed by Congress into the tax code deliberately. For example, the larg-est tax expenditure is the exclusion for em-ployer-provided health insurance and bene-fits. The second-largest: the home mortgage interest deduction. 
Whether you agree with a particular tax 
expenditure or not, an honest debate re-quires recognition that tax expenditures were designed by Congress with economic or social goals in mind and are not inadvertent loopholes. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD F. 
CHOVANEC 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to recognize a dedicated public servant for his exemplary service on the Senate Finance Committee. Rich-ard Chovanec will return to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection after 3 years of service as a detailee on my staff. 
During his tenure, Mr. Chovanec was 
instrumental in crafting the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Re-authorization Act of 2013 that I intro-duced with former Senator Max Baucus during the 113th Congress. This legisla-tion would codify the important work that U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion does to facilitate trade, protect in-tellectual property, and enhance our economic security. I hope Mr. Chovanec’s contributions will ulti-mately lead to successful reauthoriza-tion of the agency as we continue to work on this legislation. 
Mr. Chovanec earned a bachelor’s de-
gree from Virginia Tech and a law de-gree from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, VA. He later joined U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection as an attorney-advisor in the Office of International Trade. He con-currently serves as an adjunct pro-fessor of law at Georgetown University in Washington, DC. 
I would like to wish Mr. Chovanec 
the very best and to thank him for his exemplary service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARILYN CORMIER 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, tucked 
away in the mountains, hills, and val-leys of Vermont is a widely recognized, vibrant college campus that also hap-pens to be my alma mater—Saint Mi-chael’s College. To students, faculty, staff, and alumni alike, the Saint Mi-chael’s community is almost like a family: once you become a part of it, it becomes part of your life. Later this year, one of our campus’s family mem-bers—Marilyn Cormier—will leave the grounds of Saint Michael’s, retiring after nearly 33 years of dedicated serv-ice to the college. Marilyn is known to many, and all who have worked with her have admired her tenacity, her love for Saint Michael’s, and her commit-ment to the institution she has called home for over three decades. I will miss her. 
In 1982, Marilyn traveled halfway 
around the world from her home in Sri 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.163 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1888 March 25, 2015 
Lanka and landed at Saint Michael’s. 
She started working in the Office of Academic Affairs, ultimately becoming the director of government and com-munity relations and the secretary of the board of trustees, the position from which she will retire. Marilyn’s passion for connecting the academic commu-nity of Saint Michael’s with sur-rounding Vermont communities and communities across the country and abroad has made her a valued mentor to students and faculty alike. St. Mike’s could not have had a more ef-fective ambassador, champion, and problem-solver than Marilyn has been in this crucial role. Her energy is only matched by her creativity and her clear, sharp focus on what matters. 
Marilyn’s considerable talents also 
benefited the Vermont Council on World Affairs, an organization headquartered at Saint Michael’s Col-lege. As a member of the board of di-rectors, Marilyn has connected stu-dents with cross-cultural opportunities throughout Vermont and across the globe. In 2012, Marilyn helped to orga-nize a delegation of representatives visiting the French city of Honfleur. It was a treat for both Marcelle and me to be a part of that special visit. 
Over the years, I have crossed paths 
with many people connected to Saint Michael’s, from public figures in the Nation’s Capital, Vermont and across the country, to visitors in my office, to members of my own staff. One constant in each of these encounters is the praise they have for Marilyn for her work in helping so many students achieve their goals. She has empowered students to become leaders in their communities. I know these are com-mitments that will continue, even as Marilyn prepares for this exciting next chapter in her life. 
Saint Michael’s is a special place 
that many visit and come to call home. So it has been for Marilyn Cormier. Marcelle and I wish our dear friend all the very best. 
f 
NAACP LEGAL DEFENSE AND EDU-
CATIONAL FUND, INC., 75TH AN-NIVERSARY 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this year 
marks the 75th anniversary of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc., one of the great civil rights organizations in the Nation’s history. Seventy-five years ago, Thurgood Mar-shall established LDF or the ‘‘Inc. Fund’’—as it was commonly known then—as a separate legal entity. The efforts of the men and women of this organization throughout the years have transformed our Nation for the better. I am grateful for the leaders who have dedicated their lives to the perennial effort to move this country toward a more perfect union. I would extend a special thanks to Sherrilyn Ifill, the current president and direc-tor-counsel of LDF; Leslie Proll, the director of the Washington, DC, office; and Debo Adegbile, the former acting director-counsel of LDF. Their dedica-
tion is emblematic of the hard-working staff of the Legal Defense Fund. 
Most of us know about LDF’s work to 
dismantle segregation in the historic Brown v. Board of Education case, but the organization’s advocacy for civil rights extends far beyond litigating groundbreaking cases. The grass roots leaders of LDF have also helped achieve greater racial justice through 
its legislative efforts, including work-ing with members from both sides of the aisle in Congress. The Legal De-fense Fund has contributed its knowl-edge and expertise on issues such as voting rights, equal employment ac-cess, fair housing, education and crimi-nal justice, and their efforts have re-sulted in legislation and policies that have improved the lives of millions of Americans. 
This year, as we celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of the march from Selma as well as the 75th anniversary of LDF, I once again urge my fellow Senators to join our effort to restore the protec-tions of the Voting Rights Act that were gutted by the Supreme Court’s narrow majority in Shelby County v. Holder. The best way to honor civil rights heroes such as Thurgood Mar-shall, and all the men and women of LDF, is to enact real and meaningful legislative reforms that advance the principles of equality for which those individuals dedicated their lives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MOUNT SNOW’S 60TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is a 
pleasure to point out that we are com-pleting another brisk ski season at one of Vermont’s fabled slopes, Mount Snow. This year marks the 60th anni-versary of winter sports at Mount Snow, and while the temperatures dropped well below zero for many weeks, outdoor enthusiasts of Vermont and from far beyond have descended on Dover, VT, to embrace Mother Nature’s challenge, and they have enthusiasti-cally embraced the joys and challenges of our gorgeous mountainous terrain. 
Mount Snow was born in the 1950s as 
Alpine skiing solidified itself as a pop-ular American sport. It has been a vital contributor to the economies of Vermont and New England ever since. Since its birth as one of Vermont’s go- to ski slopes, Mount Snow has been an innovator and a pioneer, staying ahead of the industry and adding features to the resort that are now commonplace at ski areas throughout our country and the world. 
As Mount Snow enters a new phase in 
its development, its future will include state-of-the-art advancements with a new ski lodge to meet skier needs and an expanded snowmaking infrastruc-ture to ensure snowmaking is available across the mountain. As the closest mountain to Boston and New York City, these improvements will only en-courage more people to choose Vermont as their primary destination for skiing and riding. I want to congratulate the entire 
team at Mount Snow for 60 years of great and vibrant winter activity, and I look forward to all they have planned for the future. I ask unanimous con-sent that an article from the Man-chester Journal sketching Mount Snow’s history and planned growth be printed in the R
ECORD .∑ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Manchester Journal, Nov. 22, 2014] 
MOUNT SNOWTOMAKEMAJOR IMPROVEMENTS  
(By Brandon Canevari) 
DOVER .—Mount Snow—which is cele-
brating it’s 60th anniversary this year—is about to undergo some significant changes. 
The resort has had a master plan in place 
for a while now, which is now in motion. 
‘‘We’re seeking financing for a couple of 
major capital projects,’’ said Mount Snow Communications Director Dave Meeker. ‘‘Thus far it’s been very successful and we’re well on our way to reaching our goal. It’s a total investment of about $52 million dol-lars.’’ 
One of the two major projects that resort 
is looking to begin is the construction of a 20 million gallon snowmaking water reservoir called West Lake. 
‘‘That is really going to be the biggest step 
towards our goal of having 100 percent snowmaking coverage on the mountain,’’ said Meeker. 
Once they begin the project, Meeker said 
that it will probably take about two years to complete. 
‘‘It will take a couple years to get it com-
pleted because it’s not just excavating the pond. It’s installing the new pipes, installing the new facilities to push the water to the mountain,’’ said Meeker. ‘‘There are just a lot of other components that go along with constructing a reservoir that size and with all the machinery and stuff that goes along with it.’’ 
The other components to the project are 
installing snowmaking pipes, pump houses, booster houses and the other components that are needed for snowmaking. 
The other major component to the first 
phase of the plan is the construction of a 36,000 square foot base lodge at Carinthia Parks at Mount Snow. 
‘‘It’ll have skier services, food and bev-
erage, retail, all sorts of stuff. So, it will be a great improvement over to the base area at Carinthia,’’ said Meeker. 
Depending on how financing goes, Meeker 
said that the resort could break ground on West Lake as early as next summer. When they will be able to build the base lodge and make some of the other improvements that they are planning though is still uncertain. 
‘‘The timeline really depends on financ-
ing,’’ said Meeker. ‘‘Our planning director, they’ve been globe-trotting basically, going out and seeking investors and we’ve been very successful so far. So . . . if we had all of the investors today we’d be making plans to break ground as soon as possible. So, it real-ly hinges upon when we are able to get enough investors to secure the financing to begin these projects.’’ 
The mountain installed 645 new low-energy 
snowmaking guns this year as part of their master plan as well. 
‘‘That would have been a big component to 
the improvements that we would be making in future after building West Lake, but we had the opportunity to take advantage of a program that was offered by Efficiency Vermont this year to upgrade our snowmaking system to all low-energy guns,’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.075 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1889 March 25, 2015 
said Meeker. ‘‘A lot of other resorts took ad-
vantage of it, but we took full advantage of it. It was the largest single snowgun update of any resort in Vermont’s history and that was a big step in the right direction for our snowmaking system to run as efficiently as possible and also make the best product pos-sible.’’ 
ANNIVERSARY  
Mount Snow’s 60th Anniversary is right 
around the corner and Meeker said that a weekend of festivities have been planned in celebration. 
The celebration is going to be on Friday, 
Dec. 12, which is known as ‘‘Founder’s Day.’’ The date is the first day Mount Snow opened back in 1954, Meeker said. 
‘‘Since it’s on a Friday and it is our 60th 
we’re going to celebrate all weekend long. So, we’re going to have stuff going on Fri-day, Saturday and Sunday. Saturday we’re going to have a party at the Snow Barn with Orange Crush, which is an 80s band, so we’re going to have a throwback party. We’re al-ready encouraging people to wear retro gear all weekend long; whatever time period in which they have some clothes from the past.’’ 
Part of what the resort will be doing to 
celebrate is offering $12 lift tickets when the tickets are purchased in advance online. The resort is also going to have a big historical display of Mount Snow memorabilia. 
There are also going to be parties at Cous-
ins and the Main Base Lodge. 
On Sunday of that weekend, Meeker said 
they are also probably going to have an ‘‘old school’’ bamboo gate series. 
‘‘Back in the day when people would run 
gates they would be made of bamboo and so we’re going to set some of those up. We’re going to have a straight ski category,’’ said Meeker. ‘‘It’s just going to be a real focusing on our history.’’ 
While the Dec. 12 weekend is going to be 
the big celebration of the resort’s 60th Anni-versary, Meeker said that they will be cele-brating throughout the winter with some other events as well. 
‘‘We love to celebrate things here at Mount 
Snow,’’ said Meeker. ‘‘It’s one of the things that we do so hopefully folks will come out and help us celebrate because it’s not just about our history this season, it’s about our future and we have a lot of great stuff to talk about with that.’’ 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
LOUISIANA CASUALTIES  
Mr. VITTER. I come to the floor 
today with a heavy heart to remember and commemorate the 11 soldiers, in-cluding 4 members of the Louisiana Na-tional Guard, who we lost this month as a result of a helicopter training ac-cident on the Santa Rosa Sound. These were brave men, having regularly risked their own lives while flying in combat and in responding to the nu-merous hurricanes Louisiana has been devastated by during the many years of service they gave. I agree with Major General Curtis, the Adjutant General of the Louisiana National Guard, in de-scribing them as the best of us. They were selfless men willing to sacrifice their own safety and lives if it meant ensuring our security or saving the life of another. Nothing can ever fill the void left by their absence, an absence that makes it our duty to keep their memories alive, so that others may know of their bravery and sacrifice. 
Recognizing the valor that each of these men served with, today I submit for the record specifics regarding Lou-isiana’s soldiers. 
Chief Warrant Officer George Griffin 
joined the Louisiana National Guard in 1994 before deploying to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2004 and again in 2008. He is remembered as one of the most talented and respected war-rant officers in the Louisiana National Guard, who routinely sought to teach his fellow aviators to be the best they could be. He also served during State deployments in response to Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Isaac; in support of Operation River Guardian in 2011, which sought to extend the levee pro-tecting Klotz Springs; and in the re-sponse to the Deepwater Horizon spill. He is survived by his wife Becky, his four children, Marianne, Cody, Dylan, and Logan, and his father George. 
Chief Warrant Officer George 
Strother joined the Louisiana National Guard in 1988, serving until 2007 before 
rejoining the Guard in 2009. In addition to his service in response to Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Isaac, he deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Free-dom in 2004, to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in 2011, and Kosovo in 2014 as a member of the NATO peacekeeping force. He was a de-voted husband, father, and service-member. An experienced combat avi-ator and instructor, he is remembered as a caring man with an outsized per-sonality that touched the lives of ev-eryone he met. He is survived by his wife Melissa; his children Chelsie and George II, and his mother Sara. 
Staff Sergeant Lance Bergeron en-
listed in the U.S. Marine Corps in 1994, serving on Active Duty until 1998 and as a reservist until 2001, when he joined the Louisiana National Guard. He was a seasoned combat veteran, having de-ployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2004 and again in 2008. He also deployed in response to Hurri-canes Katrina, Rita, and Isaac, and as a part of Operation River Guardian in 2011. He is remembered as an experi-enced crew chief that the members of his unit looked up to and aspired to be. According to men in his unit, he served with an unparalleled excitement and dedication to his duty as a National Guard member, husband, and father. He is survived by his wife Monique, his two children Callie and Landon, and his parents Mark and Stella. 
Staff Sergeant Thomas Florich en-
listed in the Louisiana National Guard in 2007, and served as a Black Hawk re-pairman. He served in numerous State deployments, including Operation Deepwater Horizon and in response to Hurricane Isaac. He is remembered as a cheerful man dedicated to the National Guard and always willing to step up if it meant the unit would be able to bet-ter complete its mission. Staff Ser-geant Florich is not only survived by his parents Stephen and Kimberley, but also his wife Meghan, who is preg-nant with their first child. TRIBUTE TO DR. MARVIN HOGAN 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to commend Dr. Marvin Hogan for his remarkable involvement with early childhood education, job training and workforce development in the State of Mississippi for more than 40 years. 
Currently, Dr. Hogan serves as execu-
tive director of Friends of Children of Mississippi, based in Jackson. Friends of Children of Mississippi operates Head Start and Early Head Start Pro-grams in Humphreys, Sharkey, Issaquena, Madison, Leake, Rankin, Copiah, Kemper, Newton, Clarke, Jas-per, Smith, Jones, Wayne, and Green Counties. 
Friends of Children of Mississippi has 
a notable record of providing quality early childhood development and edu-cational services to low-income chil-dren in our State. In the organization’s 48-year history, it has transitioned nearly 140,000 children into the public schools of Mississippi. 
Friends of Children of Mississippi was 
recognized recently by the National Head Start Association for its accom-plishments. Its two-generation model, which engages parents of Head Start and Early Head Start children to break the cycle of poverty and put families on the path to self-sufficiency, was fea-tured in a National Association report as a case study for exceptionally effec-tive two-generation programs. Since the Friends of Children of Mississippi two-generation program began in 2003, almost 97 percent of enrolled parents have successfully completed their GED or gone to college and transitioned to employment. This well-deserved honor is a credit to Dr. Hogan and his col-leagues in the 15 counties they serve across Mississippi. 
A native of Waynesboro, MS, Dr. 
Hogan has been recognized nationally for his work to break intergenerational cycles of poverty and to expand edu-cational opportunities for African Americans in our State. I am pleased to commend Dr. Hogan for his service and to wish him and his colleagues con-tinued success in their work to provide a solid educational foundation for Mis-sissippi’s children. 
f 
RAIL SAFETY AND POSITIVE 
TRAIN CONTROL 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
voice my concerns on an important rail safety issue that we have been working on in the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. While railroads and commuter rails may face the immense challenge of im-plementing appropriate PTC pre-cautions, now and always we must place the safety of our citizens above the fear of difficulties incurred by nec-essary technological change. We must face these difficulties head-on in order that our citizens’ lives be ensured safe-ty in public transportation. 
New Jersey runs on rail. Our econ-
omy simply could not sustain itself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.164 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1890 March 25, 2015 
without it. Our Northeast corridor 
alone moves more than 700,000 people a day. Without the necessary PTC safe-guards, these people will face the threat of a devastating crash more so every day. The sheer volume of com-muters itself presents momentous con-cern for the State to be able to success-fully guarantee the well-being of its rail lines. Knowing now that crashes like the Metro-North accident could have been prevented by PTC protec-tions, I can say with bursting resolve that it is time for us to do better. The application of PTC directly translates into lives saved. To me and for many, that is an easy trade—as easy as it ever gets. 
But it is rarely ever that simple. I 
recognize that for many in the rail in-dustry, who share my commitment to improving safety, the reality is that difficult investment decisions need to be made and the current timeline is not achievable, even for those with the best of intentions. Implementation will take time. We cannot expect these complex technological improvements to come overnight. In spite of this, we can still hold these improvements to a reasonably tight schedule, one that is attainable. 
I am hopeful that in the time be-
tween today’s committee vote and be-fore the final passage of PTC legisla-tion, we can work to shorten the exten-sion and find a better balance. I look forward to working with the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee chairman, ranking mem-ber, and the rest of my colleagues to improve this initiative. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO EDWARD WILLIAMS 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize Edward C. Williams, Jr. Ed honorably served the Common-wealth of Pennsylvania for more than 15 years, most recently as State direc-tor for my Senate office. Ed has been a trusted advisor and friend over the 8 years we worked together. 
A native of Wilkes-Barre, an alumnus 
of the Head Start program in Luzerne County, and a graduate of Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster, Ed has deep roots in Pennsylvania. Prior to joining my staff, he served in the House of Representatives for Congress-man Paul Kanjorski as a staff assist-ant, later earning a leading advisory role on House budgetary proceedings. When he was recommended to my staff following my election to the Senate in 2006, we knew right away that we want-ed Ed on our team. He was the first leg-islative staffer hired for my Wash-ington, DC office, serving as our projects and appropriations director. 
Ed immediately became one of my 
most valued and effective legislative aides. To further his education he at-tended law school at night while work-ing full-time in Washington, DC and passed the bar. He was promoted to 
senior counsel in my office shortly thereafter. In 2010, Ed accepted the po-sition of State director for my Senate office. Overseeing seven district offices and serving as my primary liaison to many of the State’s most prominent leaders, Ed has never failed to exceed expectations. Were it not for Ed, many of our most ambitious projects could never have been realized. 
In my years of public service, I have 
had the privilege of working with many intelligent and hard-working profes-sionals. Without question, Ed ranks among the top. He is one of the most capable and diligent people I have had the pleasure of working with, and his commitment to excellence is evident in all that he does. 
On a personal note, getting to know 
Ed has been a privilege. A true cham-pion for the people of our State, Ed should be extremely proud of the great work he has done for thousands of our constituents. I will forever be grateful to him for his public service. 
My staff and I will miss Ed greatly, 
but we know that he will remain a close friend and trusted advisor. I wish him, his wife Lisa, and their son Matthan well in this exciting new chapter of their lives. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAWN JUSTICE 
∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I 
honor Dawn Justice, who is retiring from serving as president and chief ex-ecutive officer of the Idaho Bankers Association. 
Dawn, who grew up in Sarasota, FL, 
began her career in the hotel industry working in hotel management for the Hilton and Hyatt hotels. Her work in this field took her to California, Texas, Singapore, and Thailand before we were blessed that she chose to make Idaho her home 24 years ago. Prior to her work with the Idaho Bankers Asso-ciation, she also worked as vice presi-dent of human resources for the Idaho Association of Commerce and Industry and special projects assistant for Boise State University, where she also earned her master of public adminis-tration degree. 
For the past 11 years, Dawn has led 
the Idaho Bankers Association with re-markable skill and knowhow. Through-out her time with the association, Dawn has been instrumental in advanc-ing a number of the organization’s pri-orities, including initiatives involving the Idaho Bank Act, Personal Informa-tion Security Act, the Credit Report Protection Act, the Residential Mort-gages Practices Act, the Uniform Pru-dent Investor Act, and much more. She has utilized her indispensable talents advocating for policy objectives of im-portance both at the State and na-tional levels. 
Dawn’s efforts and advocacy on be-
half of the Idaho banking community have been exceptionally helpful as we have worked together over the years. She has been an outstanding advocate in explaining the need for traditional 
banking and the costs of overregula-tion on consumers, small businesses and communities. She was instru-mental in providing valuable insight and recommendations that helped me craft and advance my regulatory relief legislation into law. Additionally, her help pushing back against harmful Dodd-Frank rules and providing insight into how many of these rules would negatively impact credit and economic growth opportunities in Idaho has been especially appreciated. 
Dawn, thank you for your hard work 
and effective leadership. You have been a great strength in advancing Federal policy changes of assistance to Ida-hoans. I commend you for your service to Idaho and our Nation. I wish you all the best and hope you have a retire-ment filled with many good times with your loved ones. Congratulations on your remarkable career and retire-ment. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:30 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 216. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress a Fu-ture-Years Veterans Program and a quadren-nial veterans review, to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a Chief Strat-egy Officer, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1092. An act to designate the Federal 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Ave-nue in Miramar, Florida, as the ‘‘Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Build-ing’’. 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
At 7:07 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled joint resolution: 
S.J. Res. 8. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25MR6.057 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1891 March 25, 2015 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 216. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress a Fu-ture-Years Veterans Program and a quadren-nial veterans review, to establish in the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a Chief Strat-egy Officer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘History, Jurisdic-
tion, and a Summary of Activities of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources during the 113th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 114–6). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Patricia D. Cahill, of Missouri, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Cor-poration for Public Broadcasting for a term expiring January 31, 2020. 
*Dava J. Newman, of Massachusetts, to be 
Deputy Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. 
*Willie E. May, of Maryland, to be Under 
Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mrs. C AP-
ITO): 
S. 857. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of an initial comprehensive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): 
S. 858. A bill to amend the National Energy 
Conservation Policy Act to encourage the in-creased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mrs. 
MURRAY ): 
S. 859. A bill to protect the public, commu-
nities across America, and the environment by increasing the safety of crude oil trans-portation by railroad, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. V ITTER , Mr. C OATS , Mr. R UBIO, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. H ELLER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. E NZI, 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. K IRK, Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
HOEVEN , and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 860. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. T HUNE , and Mrs. 
SHAHEEN ): 
S. 861. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX 
of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Med-icaid programs; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. R EED, Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Mr. R EID, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. W ARREN , and 
Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 862. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effec-tive remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mrs. C APITO , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S. 863. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
the Appalachian regional development pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ): 
S. 864. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to establish direct care reg-istered nurse-to-patient staffing ratio re-quirements in hospitals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
KING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mrs. 
MCCASKILL ): 
S. 865. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the disability com-pensation evaluation procedure of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and 
Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 866. A bill to accelerate the income tax 
benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 867. A bill to improve student academic 
achievement in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics subjects; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ): 
S. Res. 111. A resolution designating March 
2015 as ‘‘National Middle Level Education Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. Res. 112. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the Internal Rev-enue Service should provide printed copies of Internal Revenue Service Publication 17 to taxpayers in the United States free of charge; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ): 
S. Res. 113. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee should recommend the issuance of, and the United States Postal Service should issue, a commemorative stamp in honor of the holiday of Diwali; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ): 
S. Res. 114. A resolution supporting the 
designation of March 2015, as ‘‘National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. Res. 115. A resolution designating April 
2015 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 125 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 125, a bill to amend title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to extend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, and for other purposes. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 207, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to use exist-ing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Depart-ment that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 303 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 303, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that individ-uals having seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment. 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.021 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1892 March 25, 2015 
(Mr. R EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 366, a bill to require Senate can-didates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Geor-
gia (Mr. I SAKSON ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 423, a bill to amend the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to provide an exception to the annual written pri-vacy notice requirement. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse spe-cialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 605 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 605, a bill to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to invest in innovation for edu-cation. 
S. 626 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 626, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to cover physi-cian services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Med-icaid beneficiaries to appropriate qual-ity foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be in-cluded under Medicare, and for other purposes. 
S. 665 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 665, a bill to encour-age, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual in-tends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
S. 756 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 756, a bill to require a report on accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
S. 758 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 758, a bill to establish an Inter-agency Trade Enforcement Center in 
the Office of the United States Trade Representative, and for other purposes. 
S. 793 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
793, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the re-financing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. CON. RES. 10 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 10, a concurrent resolution supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the ‘‘Inter-national Year of Soils’’ and supporting locally led soil conservation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 339 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 339 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 345 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), 
the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from New York 
(Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator from Ha-
waii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED), the Senator 
from Maryland (Mr. C ARDIN ) and the 
Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 345 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 346 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 346 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 347 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 347 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 351 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 351 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 352 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 352 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concur-rent resolution setting forth the con-gressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 356 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 356 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 382 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 382 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 383 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 383 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 384 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 384 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 
through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.025 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1893 March 25, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 388 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 388 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolu-tion setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 391 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) and the Sen-
ator from Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 391 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 427 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) and the 
Senator from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 427 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 432 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 432 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 434 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator 
from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the 
Senator from California (Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 434 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolu-tion setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 435 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New Hamp-
shire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) and 
the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 435 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the 
congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 452 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 452 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolu-tion setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 457 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 457 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 467 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 467 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 468 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 468 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 469 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 469 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 473 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 473 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. AMENDMENT NO . 484 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 484 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 485 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 485 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 490 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 490 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolu-tion setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 491 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 491 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 522 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 522 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 545 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 545 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolu-tion setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 553 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 553 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.026 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1894 March 25, 2015 
United States Government for fiscal 
year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 573 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 573 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 580 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 580 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 585 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 585 intended to be pro-posed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 600 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 600 intended to be proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
AMENDMENT NO . 601 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 601 proposed to S. Con. Res. 11, an original concurrent 
resolution setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 111—DESIG-
NATING MARCH 2015 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL MIDDLE LEVEL EDU-CATION MONTH’’ 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 111 
Whereas the National Association of Sec-
ondary School Principals, the Association for Middle Level Education, the National 
Forum to Accelerate Middle-Grades Reform, and the National Association of Elementary School Principals have declared March 2015 as ‘‘National Middle Level Education Month’’; 
Whereas schools that educate middle level 
students are responsible for educating nearly 24,000,000 young adolescents between the ages of 10 and 15, in grades 5 through 9, who are undergoing rapid and dramatic changes in their physical, intellectual, social, emo-tional, and moral development; 
Whereas young adolescents deserve chal-
lenging and engaging instruction and knowl-edgeable teachers and administrators who are prepared to provide young adolescents with a safe, challenging, and supportive learning environment; 
Whereas young adolescents deserve organi-
zational structures that banish anonymity and promote personalization, collaboration, and social equity; 
Whereas the habits and values established 
during early adolescence have a lifelong in-fluence that directly affects the future health and welfare of the United States; 
Whereas research indicates that the aca-
demic achievement of a student in grade 8 has a larger impact on the readiness of that student for an institution of higher edu-cation at the end of high school than any academic achievement of that student in high school; and 
Whereas in order to improve graduation 
rates and prepare students to be lifelong learners who are ready for an institution of higher education or a career and civic par-ticipation, the people of the United States must have a deeper understanding of the dis-tinctive mission of middle level education: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates March 2015 as ‘‘National Mid-
dle Level Education Month’’; 
(2) honors and recognizes the importance of 
middle level education and the contributions of the individuals who educate middle level students; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe National Middle Level Education Month by visiting and celebrating schools that are responsible for educating young adolescents in the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 112—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SHOULD PRO-VIDE PRINTED COPIES OF IN-TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE PUB-LICATION 17 TO TAXPAYERS IN THE UNITED STATES FREE OF CHARGE 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Finance: 
S. R ES. 112 
Whereas each year, Internal Revenue Serv-
ice Publication 17, entitled ‘‘Your Federal Income Tax’’, provides individuals with gen-eral instructions on how to file their taxes for the previous taxable year; 
Whereas in each year prior to 2015, free 
printed versions of Internal Revenue Service Publication 17 were made widely available to taxpayers at libraries, post offices, and tax-payer service offices, and even by mail at the request of a taxpayer; 
Whereas in an effort to save money, the In-
ternal Revenue Service no longer dissemi-nates a free printed version of Internal Rev-enue Service Publication 17 as it transitions to a fully electronic tax filing system, in-
cluding an electronic system for providing instructions on filing taxes; 
Whereas the Internal Revenue Service di-
rects taxpayers to the Internet to download an electronic version of Internal Revenue Service Publication 17, even though the lim-ited availability of a printed version of this publication burdens individuals who do not have access to a computer or printer and in-dividuals who struggle to navigate a com-puter; 
Whereas the dissemination of printed cop-
ies of Internal Revenue Service Publication 17 is a basic taxpayer service that the Inter-nal Revenue Service is ignoring in an effort to reduce spending; 
Whereas the Internal Revenue Service has 
experienced budget cuts for 5 consecutive fis-cal years, amounting to a reduction in its budget of $1,200,000,000, or 10 percent, since fiscal year 2010; 
Whereas the Internal Revenue Service 
should prioritize its resources on areas that are critical to the ability of taxpayers to file their taxes in a timely and proper manner; and 
Whereas the decision of the Internal Rev-
enue Service to stop disseminating printed copies of Internal Revenue Service Publica-tion 17 adversely impacts populations that do not have access to, or understand how to use, a computer, and the decision unneces-sarily burdens and restricts the ability of taxpayers to comply with the convoluted and complicated provisions of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate urges the Inter-
nal Revenue Service to— 
(1) resume printing copies of Internal Rev-
enue Service Publication 17; and 
(2) provide free copies of such publication 
to the taxpayers of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 113—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT THE CITIZENS’ STAMP ADVISORY COMMITTEE SHOULD RECOMMEND THE ISSUANCE OF, AND THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE SHOULD ISSUE, A COMMEMORA-TIVE STAMP IN HONOR OF THE HOLIDAY OF DIWALI 
Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs: 
S. R ES. 113 
Whereas Diwali, also referred to as the 
‘‘festival of lights’’, is an Indian holiday that marks the beginning of the Hindu New Year; 
Whereas Diwali celebrates the triumph of 
good over evil, the awareness of one’s inner light, the dispelling of ignorance, and bring-ing peace and joy through the awakening gained from a higher knowledge; 
Whereas Diwali is observed in the United 
States, and across the globe, by Hindus, Sikhs, Christians, Jains, and Buddhists; 
Whereas as one of the world’s oldest reli-
gious holidays, Diwali serves not only as a time for celebration, but also as a time for communities and families to come together in spiritual enlightenment; 
Whereas the practice of celebrating Diwali 
has survived political, economic, and social changes throughout history, while always carrying the universal symbolism of the vic-tory of light, goodness, knowledge, and truth; 
Whereas the United States Postal Service, 
in accordance with recommendations of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.027 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1895 March 25, 2015 
Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Committee, has 
issued stamps for other popular holidays in the United States, including Christmas, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah, and Eid al-Fitr; 
Whereas the United States Postal Service 
has yet to issue a stamp in honor of Diwali; and 
Whereas issuing a postage stamp honoring 
Diwali is fitting and proper: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) the United States Postal Service should 
issue a postage stamp honoring the holiday of Diwali; and 
(2) the Citizens’ Stamp Advisory Com-
mittee should recommend to the Postmaster General that such a stamp be issued. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 114—SUP-
PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF MARCH 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL COLORECTAL CANCER AWARE-NESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 114 
Whereas colorectal cancer is the second 
leading cause of cancer death among men and women combined in the United States; 
Whereas in 2015, more than 130,000 individ-
uals in the United States will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and approximately 50,000 more will die from it; 
Whereas colorectal cancer is 1 of the most 
preventable forms of cancer because screen-ing tests can find polyps that can be removed before becoming cancerous; 
Whereas screening tests can detect 
colorectal cancer early, which is when treat-ment works best; 
Whereas the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention estimates that if every indi-vidual aged 50 or older had regular screening tests, as many as 60 percent of deaths from colorectal cancer could be prevented; 
Whereas the 5-year survival rate for pa-
tients with localized colorectal cancer is 90 percent, but only 39 percent of all diagnoses occur at that stage; 
Whereas colorectal cancer screenings can 
effectively reduce the incidence of colorectal cancer and mortality, but 1 in 3 adults be-tween the ages of 50 and 75 are not up to date with recommended colorectal cancer screen-ing; 
Whereas public awareness and education 
campaigns on colorectal cancer prevention, screening, and symptoms are held during the month of March each year; and 
Whereas educational efforts can help pro-
vide to the public information on methods of prevention and screening, as well as symp-toms for early detection: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of March 2015, 
as ‘‘National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month’’ and the goals and ideals of that Month; and 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the month with appro-priate awareness and educational activities. SENATE RESOLUTION 115—DESIG-
NATING APRIL 2015 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL CONGENITAL DIAPHRAG-MATIC HERNIA AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 115 
Whereas congenital diaphragmatic hernia 
(referred to in this preamble as ‘‘CDH’’) oc-curs when the diaphragm fails to fully form, allowing abdominal organs to migrate into the chest cavity and preventing lung growth; 
Whereas the Centers for Disease Control 
and Prevention recognizes CDH as a birth de-fect; 
Whereas the majority of CDH patients suf-
fer from underdeveloped lungs or poor pul-monary function; 
Whereas babies born with CDH endure ex-
tended hospital stays in intensive care with multiple surgeries; 
Whereas CDH patients often endure long- 
term complications, such as pulmonary hy-pertension, pulmonary hypoplasia, asthma, gastrointestinal reflex, feeding disorders, and developmental delays; 
Whereas CDH survivors sometimes endure 
long-term mechanical ventilation depend-ency, skeletal malformations, supplemental oxygen dependency, enteral and parenteral nutrition, and hypoxic brain injury; 
Whereas CDH is treated through mechan-
ical ventilation, a heart and lung bypass 
(commonly known as ‘‘extracorporeal mem-brane oxygenation’’), machines, and surgical repair; 
Whereas surgical repair is often not a per-
manent solution for CDH and can lead to re-herniation and require additional surgery; 
Whereas CDH is diagnosed in utero in less 
than 50 percent of cases; 
Whereas infants born with CDH have a 
high mortality rate, ranging from 20 to 60 percent, depending on the severity of the de-fect and interventions available at delivery; 
Whereas CDH has a rate of occurrence of 1 
in every 3,800 live births worldwide; 
Whereas CDH affects approximately 1,088 
babies each year in the United States; 
Whereas CDH has affected more than 
700,000 babies worldwide since 2000; 
Whereas CDH does not discriminate based 
on race, gender, or socioeconomic status; 
Whereas the cause of CDH is unknown; Whereas the average CDH survivor will 
face postnatal care of at least $100,000; and 
Whereas Federal support for CDH research 
at the National Institutes of Health for 2014 is estimated to be not more than $2,500,000: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates April 2015 as ‘‘National Con-
genital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; 
(2) encourages that steps should be taken 
to— 
(A) raise awareness of and increase public 
knowledge about congenital diaphragmatic hernia (referred to in this resolution as ‘‘CDH’’); 
(B) inform all Americans about the dangers 
of CDH, especially those groups that may be disproportionately affected by CDH or have lower survival rates; 
(C) disseminate information on the impor-
tance of quality neonatal care of CDH pa-tients; 
(D) promote quality prenatal care and 
ultrasounds to detect CDH in utero; and 
(E) support research funding of CDH to— (i) improve screening and treatment for 
CDH; 
(ii) discover the causes of CDH; and (iii) develop a cure for CDH; and 
(3) calls on the people of the United States, 
interest groups, and affected persons to— 
(A) promote awareness of CDH; (B) take an active role in the fight against 
this devastating birth defect; and 
(C) observe National Congenital Diaphrag-
matic Hernia Awareness Month with appro-priate ceremonies and activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 607. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. L EE, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2016 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. 
SA 608. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 609. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 610. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 611. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 612. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 613. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 614. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
T
OOMEY , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 615. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 616. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 617. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 618. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 619. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 620. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 621. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 622. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. K
ING, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.039 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1896 March 25, 2015 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) proposed an amendment to 
the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 623. Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 624. Mr. COONS (for Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mr. C OONS )) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. C
OONS to the concurrent resolution S. Con. 
Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 625. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and 
Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 626. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 627. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 628. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 629. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 630. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 631. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 632. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 633. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 634. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 635. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 636. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAPO , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 637. Mr. WARNER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 638. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 639. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 640. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 641. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 642. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and 
Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 643. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 644. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 645. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and 
Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 646. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 647. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 648. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 649. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 650. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 651. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 652. Mr. REED (for Ms. W
ARREN (for 
herself, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. R EED, 
Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr . S ANDERS , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
LEAHY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. M ERKLEY )) 
proposed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 653. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 654. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 655. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 656. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 657. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 658. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 659. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 660. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 661. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 662. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 663. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 664. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 665. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 666. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 667. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 668. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 669. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 670. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 671. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 672. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 673. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 674. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 675. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 676. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 677. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 678. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 679. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. H ATCH ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 680. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 681. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.042 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1897 March 25, 2015 
to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 682. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 683. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 684. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 685. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 686. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 687. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 688. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 689. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 690. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. 
I
NHOFE , and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 691. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 692. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 693. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 694. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 695. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 696. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 697. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 698. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 699. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 700. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 701. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 702. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 703. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 704. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 705. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
G
ARDNER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 706. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 707. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. K AINE) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 708. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 709. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 710. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 711. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 712. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. 
G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 713. Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 714. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 715. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 716. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 717. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 718. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 719. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 720. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mrs. 
M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 721. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 722. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 723. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 724. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 725. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 726. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 727. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 728. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 729. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 730. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 731. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 732. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 733. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 734. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 735. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 736. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 737. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 738. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 739. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 740. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 741. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 742. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 743. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 744. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.043 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1898 March 25, 2015 
SA 745. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 746. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 747. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 748. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 749. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 750. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. 
H
ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 751. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 752. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 753. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 754. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 755. Ms. STABENOW proposed an 
amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 756. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 757. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 758. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 759. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 760. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 761. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 762. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. T OOMEY , and Ms. 
AYOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 763. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 764. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. 
P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 765. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. 
P
ERDUE , and Mr. S COTT) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 766. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 767. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 768. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 769. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 770. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
K
ING, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 771. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 772. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 773. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 774. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 775. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 776. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 777. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M ARKEY , and 
Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S . Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 778. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 779. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. 
R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 780. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 781. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 782. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 783. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 784. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 785. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 786. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 787. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. I
SAK-
SON, and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 788. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 789. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 790. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 791. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 792. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 793. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. 
T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 794. Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
B
URR, and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 795. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 796. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 797. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 798. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 799. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 800. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 801. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. K ING) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 802. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 803. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and 
Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 804. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 805. Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. 
W
ARNER , Mr. V ITTER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.045 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1899 March 25, 2015 
TESTER , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 806. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 807. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 808. Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 809. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 810. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 811. Mr. VITTER proposed an amend-
ment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 812. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. 
FRANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 813. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 814. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 815. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 816. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. R EED) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 817. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , and Mr. R EED) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 818. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 819. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 820. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 821. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 822. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 823. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 824. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 825. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. SA 826. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. 
H
ATCH , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 827. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 828. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 829. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 830. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 831. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 832. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 833. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 834. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 835. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 836. Mr. McCONNELL (for himself and 
Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 837. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 838. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 839. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. 
M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 840. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 841. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 842. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 843. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 844. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 845. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 846. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 847. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 848. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 849. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 850. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 851. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 852. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 853. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 854. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 855. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 856. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 857. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 858. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 859. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 860. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 861. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 862. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 863. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 864. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 865. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 866. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. R EED, and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 867. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and 
Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.046 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1900 March 25, 2015 
SA 868. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 869. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 870. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. C AR-
PER) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 871. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 872. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 873. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 874. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 875. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 876. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 877. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 878. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 879. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 880. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
R
EED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. K ING) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 881. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and 
Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 882. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOZMAN , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. C OTTON ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 883. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 884. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 885. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 886. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 887. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 888. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 889. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 890. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 891. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 892. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 893. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
D
ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 894. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 895. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 896. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 897. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 898. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 899. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 900. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 901. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 902. Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , and Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 903. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 904. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 905. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 906. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 907. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 908. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 909. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. R
ISCH) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 910. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 911. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 912. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 913. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 914. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 915. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 916. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 917. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 918. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. K ING, Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. C OONS ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 919. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 920. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 921. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 922. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 923. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 924. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 925. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 926. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 927. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 928. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.047 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1901 March 25, 2015 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-
tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 929. Mr. CRAPO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 930. Mr. CRAPO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 931. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mrs. 
B
OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by her to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 932. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concur-rent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 933. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 321 submitted by Mr. I
SAKSON (for himself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ) and intended to be proposed 
to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 934. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 935. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 936. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 937. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 938. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 939. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 940. Mr. PAUL proposed an amendment 
to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 941. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , and Mr. R EID) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 942. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 943. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 944. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 945. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 946. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 947. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 948. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. B OOZ-MAN, Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. I NHOFE ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 949. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 950. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. P AUL, Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. J OHNSON , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. B URR, Mr. C OATS , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. D AINES ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 951. Mr. SANDERS (for Mrs. M
URRAY  
(for herself, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
UDALL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and 
Mr. S CHUMER )) proposed an amendment to 
the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 952. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
ROWN ) proposed an amendment to the con-
current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 953. Mr. MERKLEY proposed an amend-
ment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra. 
SA 954. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 955. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 956. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 957. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 958. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
D
URBIN , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 959. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 960. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 961. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 962. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 963. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 964. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 965. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 607. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCONNELL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. L EE, Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PERMANENTLY ELIMINATE THE FEDERAL ESTATE TAX. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to changes in the Federal income tax laws, which may include eliminating the Federal estate tax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 608. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
SIMPLIFY AND STANDARDIZE STATE INCOME TAX COLLECTION FOR EM-PLOYEES WHO TRAVEL OUTSIDE OF THEIR HOME STATE FOR TEM-PORARY WORK ASSIGNMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that would simplify and standardize State income tax collection for employees who travel outside of their home State for tem-porary work assignments, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 609. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.048 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1902 March 25, 2015 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT FUNDING TO IMPLEMENT, CREATE, APPLY, OR ENFORCE CER-TAIN STANDARDS FOR INITIAL BAR-GAINING UNIT DETERMINATIONS GOVERNED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to standards for initial bargaining unit determinations that may include, but are not limited to, preventing the prolifera-tion or fragmentation of bargaining units, prohibiting employees considered for such bargaining units from being excluded from the unit, or the consideration of the inter-ests of the group or unit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 610. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DEFINITION OF FIDUCIARY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening and reforming the pension system, which may include pre-venting the Department of Labor from pro-mulgating any further definitions or expan-sions of the term ‘‘fiduciary’’ under the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 611. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUBJECTING ALL FEES COLLECTED BY U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES TO THE ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the use of fees collected by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which may include prohibiting the expenditure of any such fees unless such expenditure has been approved through the annual appropria-tions process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 612. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUBJECTING ALL FEES COLLECTED BY U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES TO THE ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the use of fees collected by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, which may include prohibiting the expenditure of any such fees unless such expenditure has been approved through the annual appropria-tions process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 613. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL DE-FENSE COOPERATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to international defense coopera-tion, which may include expedited inter-agency approval of lethal arms and muni-tions to Ukraine, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 614. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE GROWING FISCAL THREAT OF ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting or encouraging re-search that leads to identifying an Alz-heimer’s disease biomarker, early diagnostics tool, or therapy to delay the onset or halt the progression of Alzheimer’s disease in order to provide a significant cost savings to the Federal Government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 615. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE USE OF HARBOR MAINTENANCE USER FEES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to user fees and their intended pur-pose, which may include fees collected for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to fund dredging, dredged material disposal areas, jetties, and breakwaters, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 616. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.050 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1903 March 25, 2015 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE DE-PARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION TO SUBMIT THE RESULTS OF A COM-PREHENSIVE TRUCK SIZE AND WEIGHT LIMITS STUDY, AS RE-QUIRED BY SECTION 32801 OF MAP- 21 BY APRIL 30, 2015. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Transpor-tation’s Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight Limits Study by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 617. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INTERAGENCY COOPERA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to interagency cooperation, which may include expedited interagency coopera-tion to identify foreign nationals subject to sanctions under title IV of the Russia and Moldova Jackson-Vanik Repeal and Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–208), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 618. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING INTER-NATIONAL ARMS CONTROL COMPLI-ANCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring international arms con-trol compliance, which may include an an-nual interagency report to Congress on coun-tries that are not meeting their inter-
national arms control treaty obligations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 619. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT’S CUTS TO THE MEDICAID AND MEDICARE DISPROPORTIONATE SHARE HOSPITAL PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing the negative impact of the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid and Medicare disproportionate share (DSH) cuts to hospitals by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 620. Mr. WICKER (for himself and 
Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
EXPEDITE AWARDS UNDER THE IN-TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHIS-TLEBLOWER PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the processing of award submis-sions, which may include the Internal Rev-enue Service whistleblower program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 621. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REPEAL THE FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to fairness of United States tax-payers, which may include the repeal of the provisions commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 622. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. 
KING, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Ms. A YOTTE ) pro-
posed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO A SIMPLIFIED IN-COME-DRIVEN STUDENT LOAN RE-PAYMENT OPTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing student loan debt, which may include reducing overlapping stu-dent loan repayment programs and creating a simplified income-driven student loan re-payment option by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 623. Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. K IRK) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEXT-GENERATION LEADERSHIP COMPUTERS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.051 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1904 March 25, 2015 
relating to the development of next-genera-
tion leadership computers in the United States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 624. Mr. COONS (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mr. C OONS )) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. C
OONS to the con-
current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, set-ting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2016 and setting forth the ap-propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE THE COMPETITIVENESS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving basic science research and development programs in the United States by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 625. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself 
and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE EF-FECTIVENESS AND EFFICIENCY OF THE FEDERAL REGULATORY PROC-ESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Federal regulatory process by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 626. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STREAMLINE, CONSOLIDATE, OR ELIMINATE DUPLICATIVE AND OVERLAPPING PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to streamlining, consolidating, or eliminating duplicative and overlapping pro-grams identified by the Government Ac-countability Office by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 627. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE FOR GOVERNMENT SPEND-ING TRANSPARENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing more transparency in Government spending, including through the establishment of a Federal program inven-tory, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 628. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
SUPPORT THE STEWARDSHIP OF THE UNITED STATES OVER THE DO-MAIN NAME SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting the continued stew-ardship role of the United States over the do-main name system to ensure the security of the .gov and .mil domains and protect free-dom of speech and expression internationally by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 629. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL DE-FENSE COOPERATION WITH TAIWAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to international defense coopera-tion, which may include interagency co-operation to facilitate technology transfers required for the indigenous construction of diesel submarines by the Republic of China, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 
2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 630. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING THE USE OF ENERGY-EFFICIENCY IN THE MAJOR ENERGY-CONSUMING SEC-TORS OF THE UNITED STATES ECON-OMY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the use of energy effi-ciency in the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors of the economy of the United States and making the Federal Gov-ernment more energy efficient, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 631. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.052 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1905 March 25, 2015 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROVIDING TRAINING FOR FIRST RESPONDERS IN COMMU-NITIES THROUGH WHICH CRUDE OIL IS TRANSPORTED BY RAIL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to legislation providing training and prepositioning of resources for first respond-ers in communities that have high volume, or increased volumes, of crude oil moving by rail, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 632. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REASONABLE ACCOM-MODATIONS FOR PREGNANT WORK-ERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to increase employment opportunities and prevent employment dis-crimination, which may include measures to prevent employment discrimination against pregnant workers, to provide pregnant work-ers with a right to workplace accommoda-tions, and to ensure that employers comply with requirements regarding such workplace accommodations for pregnant workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 633. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENHANCING THE CHILD AND DEPENDENT CARE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing the child and depend-
ent care tax credit in order to offset the growing costs of child care, including by making the credit fully refundable, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 634. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO AUTOMATIC IRAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that workers without a retirement plan through their employer have access to a retirement savings option, in-cluding by establishing automatic payroll deductions for contributions to Individual Retirement Accounts and providing employ-ers additional tax incentives to establish re-tirement savings programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 635. Mr. CASEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE OFFICE OF ADMINISTRA-TIVE LAW JUDGES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF LABOR. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for the Office of Administrative Law Judges of the Depart-ment of Labor, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 636. Mr. WARNER (for himself, 
Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. K ING) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States 
Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CON-SUMERS FROM DATA BREACHES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating protecting the personal information of consumers from data breaches, which may include providing notification to affected consumers or enhancing data security pro-grams, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 637. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ADVANCING THE STATED GOALS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF MEETING THE HEALTH CARE NEEDS OF VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforms at the Department of Veterans Affairs that improve internal proc-esses to meet the health care needs of vet-erans, which may include legislation that re-designs the human resources and recruit-ment process, prioritizes efforts to recruit, retain, and train clerical staff, develops a comprehensive human capital strategy that addresses impending health care provider shortages based on projected needs, creates a stronger financial incentive structure, accel-erates steps to improve the agility, usability, and flexibility of scheduling-ena-bling technologies that also facilitate per-formance measurement and reporting func-tions, takes steps to use fixed infrastructure more efficiently, evaluates the efficiency and patient support gained by centralizing the phone calling functions in facility-based call centers with extended hours of operation, in-vests in more current and usable telephone systems and provides adequate space for call center functions, takes steps to alleviate parking congestion, engages frontline staff in the process of change, or embraces a sys-tem-wide approach to process redesign, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.053 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1906 March 25, 2015 
SA 638. Mr. WARNER (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-REDUCTION RESERVE FUND 
FOR GOVERNMENT REFORM AND EF-FICIENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving savings through the use of performance data or scientifically rig-orous evaluation methodologies for the elimination, consolidation, or reform of Fed-eral programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives, or the sale of Federal property, and re-duce the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as-you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the deficit reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of deficit reduction achieved. 
SA 639. Mr. PETERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING TRADE AND TRAVEL AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting trade and travel at ports of entry, which may include construc-tion at ports of entry or increased staffing at ports of entry, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 640. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
IMPROVE THE SUSTAINABILITY OF THE FEDERAL WORKFORCE IN ORDER TO ADDRESS UNIQUE SITUA-TIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing additional flexibility to Federal agencies in order to meet workforce sustainability challenges related to special pay rates, locality pay, and retention, relo-cation, and recruitment bonuses by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 641. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FAIR MARKET RENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to housing needs, which may include conducting or funding local rent surveys of areas experiencing economic challenges or natural disasters, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 642. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself 
and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO NATIVE CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Native children, which may in-clude establishing a commission to examine existing Federal programs to improve the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of services deliv-ered to Native children to improve out-comes, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 643. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C ASEY , and Mr. B OOK-
ER) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO TRAINING AND RE-SOURCES FOR FIRST RESPONDERS RESPONDING TO HAZARDOUS MATE-RIALS INCIDENTS ON RAILROADS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the establishment of a public-pri-vate partnership tasked with reviewing training and funding allocations for first re-sponders responding to hazardous materials incidents on railroads, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 644. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING THE SAFE TRANSPORTATION OF CRUDE BY RAIL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to existing and potential crude oil treatment processes, which could enhance the safe transportation of crude by rail, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 645. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.055 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1907 March 25, 2015 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO UNDERGROUND AND SURFACE MINING SAFETY AND HEALTH RESEARCH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to underground and surface mining safety and health research by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 646. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO H–1B VISAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to H–1B visas, which may include in-creasing the annual cap, exempting advanced STEM degree holders from the H–1B cap, re-capturing unused green cards, allowing spouses of H–1B visa holders to work, and in-creasing STEM funding in the United States by raising the H–1B fee paid by employers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 647. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF A NEW NUCLEAR-CAPABLE CRUISE MISSILE BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the development of a new nu-clear-capable cruise missile by the Depart-ment of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would 
not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 648. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING THE NU-CLEAR FORCES AND MISSIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the nuclear force improvement program of the Air Force by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 649. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and 
Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUND-ING OF INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZA-TIONS DURING THE IMPLEMENTA-TION OF THE UNITED NATIONS ARMS TRADE TREATY PRIOR TO SENATE RATIFICATION AND ADOP-TION OF IMPLEMENTING LEGISLA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting funding of inter-national organizations during the implemen-tation of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty prior to Senate ratification and adop-tion of implementing legislation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 650. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT SO-CIAL SERVICES AGENCIES UNDER THE BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS MAY CONDUCT BACKGROUND CHECKS BEFORE ISSUING FOSTER CARE LICENSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that social services agencies under the Bureau of Indian Affairs may conduct background checks on all adults living in a home before issuing a fos-ter care license, by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 651. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ALLOW THE DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION AND FEDERAL BU-REAU OF INVESTIGATION TO ENTER INTO JOINT TASK FORCES WITH TRIBAL AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration and Federal Bureau of Investigation entering into joint task forces with tribal and local law enforcement agencies by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 652. Mr. REED (for Ms. W ARREN  
(for herself, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. B ENNET , 
Mr. R EED, Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , 
and Mr. M ERKLEY )) proposed an amend-
ment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.056 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1908 March 25, 2015 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$17,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$4,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$5,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$6,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$6,900,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$7,700,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$8,200,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$8,600,000,000. 
On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by 
$9,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by 
$17,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$4,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$5,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$6,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$6,900,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$7,700,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$8,200,000,000. 
On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$8,600,000,000. 
On page 6, line 2, increase the amount by 
$9,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$61,447,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$1,385,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$715,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$1,128,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$965,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$773,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$574,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$341,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$73,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$213,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$61,448,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$1,385,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$715,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$1,128,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$965,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$774,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$574,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$342,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$73,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$212,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$44,348,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,015,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, decrease the amount by 
$5,085,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$5,172,000,000. On page 7, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$5,935,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$6,526,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$7,126,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$7,858,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$8,527,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$9,212,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$44,348,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$47,363,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$42,278,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$37,106,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$31,171,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$24,645,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$17,519,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$9,661,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$1,134,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$8,078,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$44,348,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$47,363,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$42,278,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$37,106,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$31,171,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$24,645,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$17,519,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$9,661,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$1,134,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$8,078,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$60,900,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$60,900,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$2,400,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$2,400,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$500,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$500,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,015,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,015,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$1,215,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$1,215,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,128,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,128,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$965,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$965,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$774,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$774,000,000. On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$574,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$574,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$342,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$342,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$73,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$73,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$212,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$212,000,000. 
SA 653. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING EPA TO LIMIT CONTROL MEASURE DETER-MINATIONS TO COVERED SOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to environmental laws requiring pollution control technology, which may re-quire the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to limit the scope of control measure determinations to only those located at regulated sources under sec-tion 111(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(d)), by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 654. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING REGU-LATORY PRACTICES FOR EXECUTIVE AGENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing practical and enforce-able standards for cost-benefit analysis of significant rules and periodic review of exist-ing regulations by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.057 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1909 March 25, 2015 
SA 655. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PRESERVE AND PROTECT THE OPEN INTERNET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the open Internet and promoting further innovation and invest-ment in Internet services, content, infra-structure, and technologies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 656. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 320, insert ‘‘making permanent’’ 
before ‘‘Payments’’. 
SA 657. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING NON-DE-FENSE RELATED SPENDING BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Department of Defense, which may include measures eliminating non-de-fense related programs at the Department, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 658. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 659. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING PROPER ECONOMIC CONSIDERATION IN DES-IGNATION OF CRITICAL HABITAT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to critical habitat designations, which may include requirements that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service ex-amine the cumulative economic effects of the designation, such as on land or property uses or values, regional employment, or rev-enue impacts on States and units of local government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 660. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING THE USE OF FUNDS FOR COOPERATING WITH THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN IN COMBATING THE ISLAMIC STATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the use of funds for cooperating with the Government of Iran in combating the Islamic State by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 661. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO VIOLATIONS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OF THE IN-TERMEDIATE-RANGE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to violations by the Russian Federa-tion of the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Intermediate-Range Nu-clear Forces Treaty’’ or ‘‘INF Treaty’’), which shall include defense of the allies of the United States in Europe, including mem-ber countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 662. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING THE USE OF FUNDS FOR THE PRE-MATURE WITHDRAWAL OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES FROM AFGHANISTAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the use of funds for the premature withdrawal of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.058 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1910 March 25, 2015 
States Armed Forces from Afghanistan by 
the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 663. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING THE USE OF FUNDS FOR NEGOTIATING WITH PRESIDENT OF SYRIA BASHAR AL ASSAD AND THE GOVERNMENT OF SYRIA TO RESOLVE THE SYRIAN CIVIL WAR AND COMBAT THE IS-LAMIC STATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the use of funds for negotiating with President of Syria Bashar al Assad and the Government of Syria to re-solve the Syrian civil war and combat the Is-lamic State by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 664. Mr. COTTON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF NEW FACILITIES AND IMPROVE-MENTS TO EXISTING FACILITIES AT THE DETENTION FACILITIES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that the de-
tention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are an impor-tant tool in the counterterrorism efforts of the United States. 
(b) D
EFICIT -NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND.—The 
Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relat-ing to construction of new facilities and im-provements to existing facilities at the de-tention facilities at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 665. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for 
fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING AWARD-ING OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS BASED ON AWARDEES ENTERING OR NOT ENTERING INTO AGREEMENTS WITH LABOR ORGANIZATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a prohibition on the awarding of construction contracts on behalf of the Gov-ernment based upon any solicitations, bid specifications, project agreements, or other controlling documents, that require or pro-hibit bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors to enter into or adhere to agree-ments with one or more labor organizations or discriminate against or give preference to such bidders, offerors, contractors, or sub-contractors based on their entering or refus-ing to enter into such agreements by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 666. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FEDERAL PREMIUM SUPPORT FOR CROP INSURANCE POLICIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the level of Federal pre-mium support for crop insurance policies, which may include limiting premium sup-port for crop insurance for agricultural pro-ducers with an adjusted gross income of more than $750,000 in fiscal year 2016, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 667. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE FI-NANCIAL SOLVENCY OF THE UNEM-PLOYMENT COMPENSATION PRO-GRAM AND THE SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the financial solvency of the unemployment compensation program and the social security disability insurance program, which may include ensuring that individuals do not simultaneously receive unemployment compensation and social se-curity disability insurance benefits, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 668. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO GOVERNMENT RE-FORM AND EFFICIENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to achieving savings through the use of performance data or scientifically rig-orous evaluation methodologies for the elimination, consolidation, or reform of Fed-eral programs, agencies, offices, and initia-tives, the sale of Federal property, or the re-duction of improper payments by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. The Chairman may also make adjustments to the Senate’s pay-as- you-go ledger over 6 and 11 years to ensure that the spending reduction achieved is used for deficit reduction only. The adjustments authorized under this section shall be of the amount of spending reduction achieved. 
SA 669. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.059 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1911 March 25, 2015 
him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 19, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$4,200,000,000. 
On page 19, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 19, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 20, line 1, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 20, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
On page 20, line 9, decrease the amount by 
$50,000,000. 
SA 670. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$60,700,000. 
On page 22, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$60,700,000. 
SA 671. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$1,665,000,000. 
On page 22, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$150,000,000. 
SA 672. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 4 ll. SENATE POINT OF ORDER AGAINST 
LEGISLATION THAT CONTAINS EAR-MARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall not be in order in 
the Senate to consider a bill, joint resolu-tion, motion, amendment, amendment be-tween the Houses, or conference report that includes an earmark. 
(b) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL IN  
THESENATE .— (1) W AIVER .—This section may be waived or 
suspended in the Senate only by an affirma-tive vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of two- 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required in the Senate to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this section. 
(c) C
ONSIDERATION .— 
(1) P ROCEDURE .—Upon a point of order 
being made by any Senator pursuant to sub-section (a) against an earmark, and such point of order being sustained, such earmark shall be deemed stricken. 
(2) C
ONFERENCE REPORT AND AMENDMENT BE -
TWEEN THE HOUSES PROCEDURE .—When the 
Senate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subsection (a), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate 
shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a further amend-ment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that por-tion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable under the same conditions as was the conference report. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) E ARMARK .—For the purpose of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘earmark’’ means a provision or report language included primarily at the request of a Senator or Member of the House of Representatives as certified under para-graph 1(a)(1) of rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate— 
(A) providing, authorizing, or recom-
mending a specific amount of discretionary budget authority, credit authority, or other spending authority for a contract, loan, loan guarantee, grant, loan authority, or other expenditure with or to an entity, or targeted to a specific State, locality or Congressional district, other than through a statutory or administrative formula-driven or competi-tive award process; or 
(B) that— (i)(I) provides a Federal tax deduction, 
credit, exclusion, or preference to a par-ticular beneficiary or limited group of bene-ficiaries under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and 
(II) contains eligibility criteria that are 
not uniform in application with respect to potential beneficiaries of such provision; or 
(ii) modifies the Harmonized Tariff Sched-
ule of the United States in a manner that benefits 10 or fewer entities. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SENATE .—In the 
event the Chair is unable to ascertain wheth-er or not the offending provision constitutes an earmark as defined in this subsection, the question of whether the provision con-stitutes an earmark shall be submitted to the Senate and be decided without debate by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(e) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply to any authorization of appropriations to a Federal entity if such authorization is not specifically targeted to a State, locality, or congressional district. 
SA 673. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 27, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 27, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 27, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 27, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 27, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 27, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 27, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 28, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 28, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 28, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 28, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 28, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 28, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
On page 28, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$254,000,000. 
On page 28, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$370,000,000. 
SA 674. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 25, line 9, decrease the amount by 
$53,200,000. 
On page 25, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$53,200,000. 
SA 675. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 23, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000. 
On page 23, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$8,000,000. 
On page 23, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$2,000,000. 
SA 676. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.060 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1912 March 25, 2015 
him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 30, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$6,270,000. 
On page 30, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$6,270,000. 
SA 677. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING POLIT-ICAL TARGETING BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OF INDIVIDUALS AND SOCIAL WELFARE ORGANIZA-TIONS EXERCISING FREE-SPEECH RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing political targeting by the Internal Revenue Service of individuals and social welfare organizations exercising free-speech rights, which may include main-taining current standards and definitions in defining political activity for the purpose of determining the tax status of individuals and social welfare organizations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 678. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FIRST-TIME ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to decreasing the recidivism of ille-gal border crossers, including removing any prohibition on Federal prosecution of first- time border crossers, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 679. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. 
HATCH ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE EMPOWERMENT OF STATES TO PROTECT CITIZENS OF THE STATE FROM DAMAGING REGULATIONS OF THE ENVIRON-MENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY PUR-SUANT TO THE CLEAN AIR ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing any State the option of opting out of the requirements of section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(d)) 
if a Governor or legislative body of a State determines that the requirements of that section would increase retail electricity prices with a disproportionate impact on low-income or fixed-income households, or present a risk to electric reliability, or im-pair investments in existing electric gener-ating capacity, or impair manufacturing and other important sectors of the economy of the State, or decrease employment, or de-crease State and local revenues, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 680. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FURLOUGHING FED-ERAL EMPLOYEES WITH SERIOUS TAX DELINQUENCIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preserving the integrity of the Federal workforce, which may include fur-loughing Federal employees with serious tax delinquencies, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 681. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DEMOLISHING VA-CANT AND ABANDONED HOMES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding to improve the safety of neighborhoods in the United States, which may include demolishing blighted and abandoned homes, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 682. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD NOT ACHIEVE A UNIFIED BUDGET SURPLUS AFTER 2024. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any concur-rent resolution on the budget for the budget year, motion amendment, amendment be-tween the Houses, or conference report that would not achieve a unified budget surplus in every fiscal year after fiscal year 2024. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 683. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD CREATE A CAR-BON TAX OR A CAP-AND-TRADE POL-ICY RELATING TO CARBON EMIS-SIONS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.061 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1913 March 25, 2015 
amendment between the Houses, or con-
ference report that would create a carbon tax or a cap-and-trade policy relating to car-bon emissions. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 684. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REPEALING ANY TAX INCREASES IMPOSED BY PRESIDENT OBAMA ON MIDDLE-CLASS FAMI-LIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to repealing any tax increases im-posed after January 20, 2009, on any tax-payers whose gross income is less than $200,000 and are filing as single, head of household, or married filing separately, or any taxpayers whose gross income is less than $250,000 and are filing as married filing jointly, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 685. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MAKING PERMANENT THE EXPENSING LIMITATIONS AP-PLICABLE FOR 2014 FOR SECTION 179 PROPERTY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to making permanent the expensing limitations applicable for taxable years be-ginning after 2009 and before 2015 for section 179 property, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 686. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING THE AGE LIMITATION APPLICABLE TO DE-PENDENT CARE ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing the age limitation ap-plicable to dependent care assistance pro-grams under section 129 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 from 12 years of age to 16 years of age, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 687. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ALLOWING PRIVATE SECTOR EMPLOYEES THE ABILITY TO WORK FLEXIBLE SCHEDULES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to allowing employees of non-public entities who are eligible for overtime pay under section 7(a) of the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) to choose to receive compensatory time off instead of overtime compensation by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 688. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE CENTENNIAL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for the Na-tional Park Service Centennial by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 689. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 104, line 16, after ‘‘shall provide’’ 
insert ‘‘, in addition to the estimate of budg-etary effects without macroeconomic effects, an estimate of the budgetary effects from changes in economic output, employment, capital stock, interest rates, and other mac-roeconomic variables resulting from the major legislation and’’ 
SA 690. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. 
INHOFE , and Mr. G RAHAM ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AVOIDING ELEC-TRICITY PRICE INCREASES IN STATES THAT ARE RELIANT ON NU-CLEAR POWER UNDER THE CLEAN POWER PLAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to equitable treatment of the new and existing nuclear generating capacity of States and the solar, wind, and other renew-able energy generation of States under regu-lations under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), which may include revisions to the Clean Power Plan, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 691. Mr. SCOTT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.063 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1914 March 25, 2015 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO STATE FLEXIBILITY IN DETERMINING SIZE OF THE SMALL GROUP MARKET. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing States with flexibility in determining the size of employers in the small group market under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 692. Mr. SCOTT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRANSPARENCY IN HEALTH PREMIUM BILLING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increased disclosure of any Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) tax in health insurance monthly premium statements, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 693. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 431, insert ‘‘in the Office of In-
spector General semiannual reports and the Office of Inspector General’s list of unimplemented recommendations and’’ be-fore ‘‘on the Government Accountability Of-fice’s’’. 
SA 694. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN AD-VANCED FOSSIL ENERGY TECH-NOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investing in advanced fossil en-ergy technology research and development at the Department of Energy, to reduce the impacts of climate change while ensuring the reliability of the electric grid, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 695. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ATTENDANCE AT IN-STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging institutions of high-er education to make college more affordable by reducing the cost of attendance for stu-dents and families by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 696. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 22, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$219,000,000. 
On page 22, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000. 
On page 22, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$223,000,000. 
On page 22, line 9, decrease the amount by 
$191,000,000. 
On page 22, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$234,000,000. 
On page 22, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$224,000,000. On page 22, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$244,000,000. 
On page 22, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$233,000,000. 
On page 22, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$248,000,000. 
On page 22, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$243,000,000. 
On page 22, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$250,000,000. 
On page 22, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$248,000,000. 
On page 23, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$253,000,000. 
On page 23, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$250,000,000. 
On page 23, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$255,000,000. 
On page 23, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$253,000,000. 
On page 23, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$258,000,000. 
On page 23, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$255,000,000. 
On page 23, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$260,000,000. 
On page 23, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$268,000,000. 
SA 697. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself 
and Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming and strengthening ele-mentary and secondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 698. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding the regulatory work of the Environmental Protection Agency by the amounts provided in such legislation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.064 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1915 March 25, 2015 
those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 699. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO LEGISLATION TO PRO-TECT AND PRESERVE OCEANS AND COASTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the protection and preservation of oceans and coasts, which may include measures that address the harms caused by human-induced climate change, including acidification, sea level rise, warmer ocean temperatures, and shifting fish and shellfish habitats, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 700. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 4, line 1, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 2, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 3, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 4, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 5, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 6, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 4, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 4, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 17, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$7,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 19, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 19, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 2, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 6, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 11, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 14, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 18, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 19, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 2, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 16, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 20, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 24, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 6, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. On page 25, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 14, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 18, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 22, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 25, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 26, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 26, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
SA 701. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improvements to the appeals process of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for claims relating to disability com-pensation by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 702. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EFFORTS ASSOCIATED WITH COMBATING THE HEROIN AD-DICTION EPIDEMIC. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to support prevention, en-forcement, interdiction, and recovery efforts associated with combating the heroin addic-tion epidemic by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 703. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.071 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1916 March 25, 2015 
her to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENHANCE DRUG TREATMENT COURTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the enhancement of drug treat-ment courts by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 704. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENHANCE DRUG TREATMENT COURTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the enhancement of drug treat-ment courts by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 705. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, 
Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INDO-PACIFIC PART-NER CAPACITY BUILDING AND STRATEGY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting a comprehensive multi-year partner capacity building and se-curity cooperation plan in the Indo-Pacific region, including for a regional maritime do-main awareness architecture and for bilat-
eral and multilateral exercises, port calls, and training activities of the United States Armed Forces and Coast Guard to further a comprehensive strategy to strengthen United States alliances and partnerships, freedom of navigation, and the unimpeded access to the maritime commons of the Asia- Pacific by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 706. Mr. MARKEY (for himself 
and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ACHIEVING SAVINGS IN THE NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTER-PRISE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to nuclear weapons modernization, which may include legislation that reduces the number of ballistic missile submarines, delays development of a new long-range pen-etrating bomber aircraft, or prohibits the procurement of new intercontinental bal-listic missiles, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 707. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. K AINE) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING OVERDOSE DEATHS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prevention of prescription drug and opioid overdose deaths, which may in-clude support of opioid overdose prevention activities, increased surveillance and moni-toring for opioid prescription drugs and overdoses, expanded access to evidence-based treatments for opioid addiction, or enhanced research for alternatives to opioid pain medication, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-
icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 708. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SIMPLIFYING AND EX-PANDING TAX INCENTIVES FOR HIGHER EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to simplifying and expanding tax in-centives for higher education to boost stu-dent attendance and completion at colleges and vocational schools, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 709. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPLEMENTING REC-OMMENDATIONS OF THE GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE TO REDUCE OR ELIMINATE OVERLAP-PING OR DUPLICATIVE FEDERAL PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to implementing the annual report published by the Government Accountability Office relating to fragmentation, overlap, and duplication, which may include requir-ing the President to submit to Congress a proposed joint resolution implementing such recommendations by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 710. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.065 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1917 March 25, 2015 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO STRENGTHENING HEAD START PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enhancing funding for programs carried out under the Head Start Act, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 711. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$6,772,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,408,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$9,762,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$10,362,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$10,958,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,280,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$11,901,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$12,540,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$13,212,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$13,814,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$7,615,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$9,741,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$10,224,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$10,829,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,373,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$11,787,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$12,425,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$13,096,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$13,694,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,615,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$9,741,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$10,224,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$10,829,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, increase the amount by 
$11,373,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, increase the amount by 
$11,787,000,000. On page 7, line 14, increase the amount by 
$12,425,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, increase the amount by 
$13,096,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, increase the amount by 
$13,694,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$13,900,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$23,641,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$33,865,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$44,694,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$56,067,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$67,854,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$80,279,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$93,375,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$107,069,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$13,900,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$23,641,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$33,865,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$44,694,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$56,067,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$67,854,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$80,279,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$93,375,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$107,069,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$6,695,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$6,207,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$9,144,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$7,350,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$9,140,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$9,118,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,329,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$9,191,000,000. 
On page 29, line 11, increase the amount by 
$9,504,000,000. 
On page 29, line 12, increase the amount by 
$9,374,000,000. 
On page 29, line 15, increase the amount by 
$9,374,000,000. 
On page 29, line 16, increase the amount by 
$9,467,000,000. 
On page 29, line 19, increase the amount by 
$9,534,000,000. 
On page 29, line 20, increase the amount by 
$9,419,000,000. 
On page 29, line 23, increase the amount by 
$9,689,000,000. 
On page 29, line 24, increase the amount by 
$9,574,000,000. 
On page 30, line 2, increase the amount by 
$9,848,000,000. 
On page 30, line 3, increase the amount by 
$9,731,000,000. 
On page 30, line 6, increase the amount by 
$10,009,000,000. 
On page 30, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,889,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$78,000,000. On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$78,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$265,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$265,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$623,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$623,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,033,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,033,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$1,455,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,455,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$1,906,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$1,906,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$2,368,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$2,368,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$2,851,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$2,851,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,365,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$3,365,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$3,805,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,805,000,000. 
SA 712. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 59, line 13, insert ‘‘, including 
standardizing financial aid award letters,’’ after ‘‘(20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.)’’. 
SA 713. Mr. MURPHY (for himself 
and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO COMPREHENSIVE MENTAL HEALTH REFORM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to comprehensive mental health re-form, which may include legislation that provides increased access to individuals suf-fering from mental illness and greater work-force opportunities for mental health profes-sionals, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:20 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.066 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1918 March 25, 2015 
SA 714. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CHEMICAL DISCLO-SURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to chemicals used in industrial proc-esses, which may include the public disclo-sure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 715. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 55, beginning with line 24, strike 
through line 2 on page 56 and insert the fol-lowing: 
tax on medical device manufacturers; 
(4) operations and administration of the 
Department of the Treasury; or 
(5) creating clean energy jobs, including 
extending over a reasonable period of time, as a bridge to tax reform, expired and expir-ing tax credits for renewable energy produc-tion and investment, 
SA 716. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
SUPPORT THE ROBUST FUNDING OF THE COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLIC-ING SERVICES GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that would promote the robust funding of the Community Oriented Policing Services (commonly referred to as ‘‘COPS’’) grant program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 717. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE EFFECTIVENESS AND AVAILABILITY OF BUREAU OF PRISONS PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the effectiveness and availability of the Bureau of Prisons rehabilitation, edu-cation, and recidivism reduction programs, including the effectiveness of the policy of using medication assisted treatment, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 718. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING CHILD SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND ASSET BUILDING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to child savings accounts, which may include measures ensuring that the De-partment of the Treasury establish a child savings account program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 719. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CLEANING UP FEDER-ALLY DESIGNATED SUPERFUND SITES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to cleaning up sites on the National Priorities List developed by the President in accordance with section 105(a)(8)(B) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9605(a)(8)(B)) by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 720. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING WORK-FORCE DEVELOPMENT THROUGH APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funds for programs that support workforce development through apprenticeships, and providing additional funds to the Office of Apprenticeship of the Department of Labor to expand apprentice-ship programs nationally, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 721. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and 
Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENCOURAGING FREIGHT PLANNING AND INVESTMENT THAT INCORPORATES ALL MODES OF TRANSPORTATION, INCLUDING RAIL, WATERWAYS, PORTS, AND HIGHWAYS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.072 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1919 March 25, 2015 
to encourage freight planning and invest-
ment that incorporates all modes of trans-portation including rail, waterways, ports and highways, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 722. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING PAY-MENTS FOR HARMFUL AND FRAUDU-LENT TREATMENTS UNDER MEDI-CARE AND MEDICAID. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting payments for harmful and fraudulent treatments under the Medi-care or Medicaid programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 723. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE AVER-AGE ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME ELI-GIBILITY CRITERIA FOR PERSONS OR LEGAL ENTITIES WHO QUALIFY FOR FARM SUBSIDY PROGRAM BEN-EFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the average adjusted gross income eligibility criteria for persons or legal entities who qualify for farm subsidy program benefits, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 724. Mr. KAINE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States 
Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INCREASING UNITED STATES EXPORTS AND IMPROVING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF UNITED STATES BUSINESSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing United States exports and improving the competitiveness of United States businesses, including through a long- term reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 725. Mr. BOOKER (for himself and 
Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING DIVERSITY IN PROCUREMENT AND HIRING AT ALL FEDERAL PENSION PLANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring diversity in procure-ment and hiring at all Federal pension plans by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 726. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF STATE AND LOCAL ECONOMIES FROM STORM SURGES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing to States and units of local government emergency financial as-sistance for responding to the economic and public health impacts of human-induced cli-mate change, including larger and higher storm surge events, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 727. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO BROADBAND EXPANSION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to broadband expansion, which may include aid to cities and municipalities, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 728. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING MEN-TORING PROGRAMS FOR AT-RISK YOUTH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting mentoring programs for at-risk youth by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 729. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.067 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1920 March 25, 2015 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO INVESTMENTS IN SUR-FACE TRANSPORTATION PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to making changes or providing for the authorization of programs to invest in freight movement, rail, highway, transit, transportation alternatives, and other sur-face transportation projects, including com-petitive grant programs, which will drive United States economic competitiveness, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 730. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DEVELOPMENT OF THE LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR OF THE MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to development of the Long Range Discrimination Radar by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 731. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
INCREASE ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS FOR MEDICARE BENE-FICIARIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that would increase access to health care providers for Medicare beneficiaries without raising revenue, which may include allowing Medicare providers to privately negotiate with Medicare beneficiaries, by the amounts 
provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 732. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AUTHORIZING AD-VANCE APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to authorizing advance appropria-tions for the Indian Health Service and In-dian Health Facilities accounts of the Indian Health Service by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 733. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. I NHOFE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional 
budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AN ACTIVE DUTY END STRENGTH FOR THE ARMY FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016 OF 490,000 SOLDIERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to an active duty end strength for the Army for fiscal year 2016 of 490,000 by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 734. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INNOVATIVE READINESS TRAINING PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing sufficient funds for the Department of Defense Innovative Readiness Training Program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 735. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO OUTREACH AND DE-LIVERY OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS PROGRAMS AND SERVICES TO VETERANS RESIDING IN UNITED STATES COMMUNITIES NOT CONNECTED TO NORTH AMER-ICAN ROAD SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to outreach and the delivery of De-partment of Veterans Affairs programs and services to veterans residing in United States communities not connected to the North American road system by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 736. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 89, strike lines 15 through 19, and 
insert the following: casting; 
(3) for the Department of Veterans Affairs 
for the Medical Services, Medical Support and Compliance, and Medical Facilities ac-counts of the Veterans Health Administra-tion; and 
(4) for the Indian Health Services and In-
dian Health Facilities accounts of the Indian Health Service. 
SA 737. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.068 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1921 March 25, 2015 
by her to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FOR THE EXPANSION OF AMYOTROPHIC LAT-ERAL SCLEROSIS (LOU GEHRIG’S DISEASE) RESEARCH IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE’S PEER RE-VIEWED MEDICAL RESEARCH PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the expansion of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s Disease) re-search in the Department of Defense’s Med-ical Research Program by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 738. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL RE-MEDIATION OF LAND TRANSFERRED UNDER CERTAIN ACTS THAT IS CON-TAMINATED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES AND ACTIVITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the identification and environ-mental remediation of land transferred under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Act of May 17, 1906 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Na-tive Allotment Act of 1906’’) (34 Stat. 197, chapter 2469), and the Act of May 25, 1926 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Native Townsite Act of 1926’’) (44 Stat. 629, chapter 379), contaminated by Federal agencies and activities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 739. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ROBUST SEXUAL AS-SAULT INVESTIGATIONS BY THE NA-TIONAL GUARD BUREAU OFFICE OF COMPLEX INVESTIGATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the National Guard Bureau Office of Complex Investigations for robust inves-tigations of sexual assault by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 740. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FUNDING OF CERTAIN TRIBAL COURTS BY BUREAU OF IN-DIAN AFFAIRS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the funding by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs of tribal courts located in the States listed in the table contained in sec-tion 1162(a) of title 18, United States Code, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 741. Mr. THUNE (for himself and 
Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ALLOW FOR LEGISLATION TO PRO-VIDE FOR LONG-TERM BUDGET ANALYSES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to long-term budget analyses, in-cluding generational accounting, to promote 
understanding of the fiscal and economic im-pacts that proposed policy changes would have on current and future generations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 742. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE UN-EMPLOYMENT INSURANCE PRO-GRAM IN A MANNER THAT INCENTIVIZES WORK AND WORKER TRAINING FOR THE LONG-TERM UN-EMPLOYED, HELPS THE LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED REENTER THE WORK-FORCE, RECOGNIZES THE DEMANDS ON STATE BUDGETS, AND DOES NOT INCREASE FINANCIAL BURDENS ON EMPLOYERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming the unemployment in-surance program, which may include reforms in a manner that incentivizes work and worker training for the long-term unem-ployed, helps the long-term unemployed re-enter the workforce, recognizes the demands on State budgets, and does not increase fi-nancial burdens on employers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 743. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 20, line 13, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 17, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 20, line 25, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 1, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 4, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 5, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 9, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.070 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1922 March 25, 2015 
On page 21, line 12, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 13, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 16, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 17, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 20, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 24, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 21, line 25, increase the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 43, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 43, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 44, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 2, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 6, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
On page 45, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$1,000,000. 
SA 744. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING TRANS-PARENCY OF COSTS OF COM-PLETING ANALYSES REQUIRED UNDER THE NATIONAL ENVIRON-MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring transparency of costs of completing analyses required under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 745. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ALLOWING OIL SHALE DEVELOPMENT ON FEDERAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to allowing oil shale development on Federal land, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 746. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING REA-SONABLE DEADLINES FOR PROC-ESSES UNDER THE NATIONAL ENVI-RONMENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing reasonable deadlines for the rejection of environmental impact statements and environmental assessments under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 747. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SELLING NON-ESSENTIAL FEDERAL LAND WITH THE PROCEEDS GOING TO FEDERAL DEFICIT REDUCTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the sale of nonessential Federal land sold for the purpose of reducing the Federal deficit by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 748. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 4 l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD FURTHER RE-STRICT THE RIGHT OF LAW-ABIDING AMERICANS TO OWN A FIREARM. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would place further re-striction on the right of law-abiding individ-uals in the United States to own a firearm in any year covered by this resolution. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of two-thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘further restriction on the right of law-abid-ing individuals in the United States to own a firearm’’ means any further restriction on the right of law-abiding individuals in the United States to own a firearm not con-tained in law prior to the adoption of this resolution, including any legislation that— 
(1) prohibits, increases restrictions on, or 
regulates the manufacture or ownership of any firearm that is permitted under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution; 
(2) prohibits the manufacture or possession 
of specified categories of firearms based on the characteristics of such firearms that are permitted to be manufacture or possessed under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution; 
(3) prohibits specific firearms or categories 
of firearms that are permitted under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution; 
(4) limits the size of ammunition feeding 
devices or prohibits categories of ammuni-tion feeding devices that are permitted under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution; 
(5) requires background checks through a 
Federal firearms licensee for private trans-fers of firearms if the transfers do not re-quire a background check under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.075 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1923 March 25, 2015 
(6) establishes a record-keeping system for 
the sale of firearms not established prior to the adoption of this resolution; or 
(7) imposes prison sentences for sales, gifts, 
or raffles of firearms to veterans who are un-known to the transferor as a person prohib-ited from possessing a firearm that would not otherwise be imposed under Federal law prior to the adoption of this resolution. 
SA 749. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 50, line 17, strike ‘‘or reforming’’. 
SA 750. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. 
HATCH ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 64, lines 10 and 11, strike ‘‘Pay-
ments in Lieu of Taxes (PILT)’’ and insert ‘‘funding the payments in lieu of taxes pro-gram at levels roughly equivalent to lost tax revenues due to the presence of Federal land’’. 
SA 751. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO ALLOW FOR THE RENEWAL OF THE NATIONAL TELECOMMUNI-CATIONS AND INFORMATION ADMIN-ISTRATION’S CONTRACT WITH THE INTERNET CORPORATION FOR AS-SIGNED NAMES AND NUMBERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the governance of the Internet and maintaining United States oversight over the management of the Internet until Congress votes to end such oversight by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 752. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENCOURAGING THE UNITED STATES’ NATO ALLIES TO REVERSE DECLINES IN DEFENSE SPENDING AND BEAR A MORE PRO-PORTIONATE BURDEN FOR ENSUR-ING THE SECURITY OF NATO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging the United States’ NATO allies to reverse declines in defense spending and bear a more proportionate bur-den for ensuring the security of NATO by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 753. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF UNIFORMED MAINTENANCE PER-SONNEL IN THE AIR FORCE FOR F– 35A AIRCRAFT PROGRAM TO REACH INITIAL OPERATIONAL CAPACITY AND FULL OPERATIONAL CAPACITY ON SCHEDULE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to permitting the Department of De-fense to provide the necessary number of maintenance personnel in the Air Force for the F–35A aircraft program to reach Initial Operational Capacity (IOC) and Full Oper-ational Capacity (FOC) on schedule by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 754. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING THE ELIMINATION OF PREVAILING WAGE MANDATES AND REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERALLY FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting the elimination of prevailing wage mandates and requirements for federally funded construction projects by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 755. Ms. STABENOW proposed an 
amendment to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF CLEAN WATER USING SCIENTIFIC STANDARDS WHILE MAINTAINING THE TRADITIONAL ROLE OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting watersheds, including the Great Lakes, Chesapeake Bay, the Mis-sissippi River system, the Colorado River system, or other sources of drinking water of the United States, which may include clari-fying the scope of the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) to provide certainty for landowners or rural communities, or preserving existing exemp-tions for agriculture, ranching, or forestry, or to rely on the scientific evidence of im-pacts on water quality of different types of water bodies by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 756. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENDING TAXPAYER FUNDING OF CONGRESSIONAL LET-TERS TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.075 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1924 March 25, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to activities related to congres-sional expenses, which may include dis-allowing stationary or electronic devices to communicate with one or more foreign coun-tries by interfering with the Executive Branch’s role in international nuclear nego-tiations on behalf of the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 757. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and 
Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO GRANT PROGRAMS OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to grant programs of the Environ-mental Protection Agency that may include prohibitions on awards to any entity that has an action pending against the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 758. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING FLEXI-BLE WORK SCHEDULES FOR EM-PLOYEES AND EMPLOYERS IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting flexible work sched-ules in the private sector by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 759. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CLARIFYING FEDERAL JURISDICTION WITH RESPECT TO INTRASTATE SPECIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to limiting the Federal regulation of species found entirely within the borders of a single State by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 760. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself 
and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO A RELIABILITY AS-SESSMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY POWER PLANT RULES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to an independent reliability assess-ment of the cumulative impacts of power plant rules of the Environmental Protection Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 761. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MEANS-TESTING MEDICARE PART B AND PART D PRE-MIUMS FOR MEDICARE BENE-FICIARIES WITH AN ANNUAL IN-COME THAT EXCEEDS $250,000. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to improving the solvency of the Medicare program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 762. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. T OOMEY , 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE RESTORATION OF PURCHASING POWER OF THE NA-TIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health, including in-creasing funding to account for inflation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 763. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUBJECTING ALL FED-ERAL SPENDING TO SEQUESTRA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to subjecting all Federal spending, except spending relating to Social Security, to sequestration by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.077 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1925 March 25, 2015 
SA 764. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself 
and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREPARING PORTS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR POST- PANAMAX SHIPS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preparing the ports of the United States for larger, post-Panamax ships, pro-vided that the legislation is consistent with dredging reforms under applicable Federal law, by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 765. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, 
Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. S COTT) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO MIXED OXIDE FUEL FAB-RICATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to mixed oxide fuel fabrication, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 766. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUBJECTING THE SALA-RIES OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS TO SEQUESTRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to exemptions of programs and ac-tivities from sequestration, which may in-clude ending the exemption from sequestra-tion of the salaries of Members of Congress, by the amounts by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 767. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE NATIONAL GUARD YOUTH CHALLENGE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing sufficient funds for the National Guard Youth Challenge Program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 768. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE PROVISION OF CER-TAIN AIR TRANSPORTATION SERV-ICES TO TRAVELERS RESIDING IN THE CONTIGUOUS UNITED STATES AND NOT SERVED BY THE ESSEN-TIAL AIR SERVICE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to outreach and the delivery of De-partment of Homeland Security programs and services to travelers residing in the con-tiguous United States and not served by the essential air service program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 769. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE LABELING OF GE-NETICALLY ENGINEERED FISH. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the labeling of genetically engi-neered fish, without raising new revenue, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 770. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-
self, Mr. K ING, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE CONSTRUCTION OF ARCTIC POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the construction of Arctic polar icebreakers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 771. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROHIBIT USE OF TAXPAYER DOL-LARS FOR FIRST CLASS AIRPLANE TRAVEL BY MEMBERS OF CON-GRESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.078 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1926 March 25, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting use of taxpayer dol-lars for first class airplane travel by Mem-bers of Congress by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 772. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE PUBLIC COMMENTS ARE UTILIZED MORE EFFECTIVELY IN THE FEDERAL RULEMAKING PROC-ESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring public comments are utilized more effectively in the Federal rule-making process by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 773. Mrs. ERNST submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT TAXPAYERS BY REFORM-ING THE ALLOWANCE AND PERKS AVAILABLE TO FORMER PRESI-DENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting taxpayers by reform-ing the allowance and perks available to former Presidents by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 774. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and 
Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE AVAILABILITY OF FEDERAL SPECTRUM FOR COMMER-CIAL WIRELESS SERVICES, INCLUD-ING UNLICENSED WI-FI. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the availability of Federal spec-trum for commercial wireless services, in-cluding unlicensed Wi-Fi, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 775. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPOSITION OF NEW SANCTIONS AGAINST THE GOV-ERNMENT OF IRAN BECAUSE OF THAT GOVERNMENT’S SUPPORT FOR TERRORISM AND ITS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES AGAINST THE PEO-PLE OF IRAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the imposition of new sanctions against the Government of Iran because of that Government’s support for terrorism and its human rights abuses against the people of Iran, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 776. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OF INDI-VIDUALS FROM SERVICE ON A FED-ERAL JURY ON ACCOUNT OF SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR GENDER IDEN-TITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between 
the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to jury selection in the Federal judi-ciary, which may include the prevention of discrimination of jurors on the basis of sex-ual orientation or gender identity, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 777. Mr. SANDERS (for himself, 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CUTTING CARBON POLLUTION TO PREVENT HUMAN-IN-DUCED CLIMATE CHANGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting Americans from the impacts of human-induced climate change, which may include action on policies that re-duce emissions by the amounts that the sci-entific community says are needed to avert catastrophic climate change, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 778. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PATENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the constitutional requirement that patents ‘‘promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts’’ by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 779. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and 
Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.079 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1927 March 25, 2015 
concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, 
setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENACT A TAXPAYER BILL OF RIGHTS AND PROVIDE ADDITIONAL PROTEC-TIONS FOR TAXPAYERS AGAINST ABUSES BY THE INTERNAL REV-ENUE SERVICE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to enacting a taxpayer bill of rights and providing additional protections for tax-payers against abuses by the Internal Rev-enue Service, which may include reducing the compliance burden on taxpayers, strengthening the appeals process for tax-payers, increasing penalties on agents of the Internal Revenue Service who are found to have violated the law, and improving tax-payer access to the judicial system, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 780. Mr. CORNYN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ELIMINATING THE BACK-LOG OF SEXUAL ASSAULT EVIDENCE KITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the backlog of sexual assault evidence kits, which may include au-diting the hidden backlog of untested sexual assault kits and ensuring that the collection and processing of DNA evidence by law en-forcement agencies from crimes is carried out in an appropriate and timely manner, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 781. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY AND CERTAIN UNITED NATIONS AGENCIES AND INCREAS-ING FOREIGN ASSISTANCE FOR ISRAEL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing assistance for the United Nations Human Rights Council, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, and the Palestinian Au-thority because of these entities’ anti-Israel behavior, and increasing foreign assistance for missile defense programs in Israel, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 782. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. 
CARDIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO EXTENDING THE HEALTH CARE TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the health care tax credit for workers who have lost their jobs or pensions through no fault of their own, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 783. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. W YDEN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EXPANSION OF THE EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT AND THE CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to expansion of the earned income tax credit for childless workers and adjust-ment for inflation of the child tax credit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 784. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING A NA-TIONAL NETWORK FOR MANUFAC-TURING INNOVATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to accelerating the development and deployment of advanced manufacturing tech-nologies, advancing competitiveness, im-proving the speed and infrastructure with which small and medium-sized enterprises and supply chains commercialize new proc-esses and technologies, and informing indus-try-driven education and training, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 785. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT NO FEDERAL FINANCIAL AID FUNDS ARE USED FOR MARKETING ACTIVI-TIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that no Federal finan-cial aid funds are used for marketing activi-ties by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 786. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.081 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1928 March 25, 2015 
him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE 12-MONTHS OF CONTIN-UOUS ENROLLMENT IN MEDICAID AND THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH IN-SURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing 12-months of contin-uous enrollment to all beneficiaries in Med-icaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program and performance bonuses to States that excel in enrollment, retention, and con-tinuity of enrollment for such beneficiaries, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 787. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
ISAKSON , and Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ESTABLISH THE PRIORITIZATION OF CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION (CHGME) AS A PROVEN MEANS TO IMPLEMENT THE DEVELOPMENT OF A ROBUST PEDI-ATRIC MEDICAL WORKFORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that pediatric medical residency training programs produce a strong physician workforce equipped to meet the needs of pediatric patients and hospitals, in rural and urban America, and in general pediatrics and specialty areas, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 788. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENSURING SUFFICIENT TRADE ENFORCEMENT RESOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing robust funding for the Enforcement and Compliance Unit of the International Trade Administration for the purposes of ensuring adequate resources to investigate antidumping and countervailing duty cases brought by petitioners from the United States that are facing unfairly traded imports by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 789. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING MISCLASSIFICATION OF WORKERS AS INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting workers from being misclassified as independent contractors to ensure that such workers have access to safeguards provided to employees, including fair labor standards under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), health and safety protections under the Oc-cupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 651 et seq.), and unemployment and workers’ compensation benefits under appli-cable Federal law, and preventing employers from misclassifying workers as independent contractors to avoid paying their fair share of taxes under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 790. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION THAT WOULD ALLOCATE ANY SAVINGS ACHIEVED THROUGH SPENDING CUTS OR NEW REVENUE THAT ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN DEFICIT REDUCTION OR IN-VESTMENT IN THE NATION’S INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would allocate any sav-ings achieve through spending cuts or new revenue that are not included in this resolu-tion for any purpose other than deficit re-duction or investment in the Nation’s infra-structure. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 791. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
Strike title II. 
SA 792. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A NEW OUTCOME-BASED PROCESS FOR AU-THORIZING INNOVATIVE HIGHER EDUCATION PROVIDERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting innovation in higher education, which may include establishing a new outcome-based process for authorizing innovative higher education providers to participate in programs under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.), by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 793. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Mr. T HUNE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.082 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1929 March 25, 2015 
forth the appropriate budgetary levels 
for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSTRUCTION OF NATIVE AMERICAN SCHOOLS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to construction of Native American schools, which may include replacement school construction that replaces the en-tirety or majority of a school campus or re-placement facility construction that re-places individual buildings that are beyond cost-effective repair measures, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 794. Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, 
Mr. B URR, and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO STRENGTHENING THE ABILITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE TO RESPOND TO ACCU-SATIONS OF UNFAIR TRADE PRAC-TICES, WHICH MAY INCLUDE CUR-RENCY UNDERVALUATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening the ability of the Department of Commerce to respond to ac-cusations of unfair trade practices, which may include currency undervaluation, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 795. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO AUTHORIZING FED-ERAL PERMITTING FOR MANUFAC-TURING AND ENERGY CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS RELATING TO NA-TIONAL PRIMARY OR SECONDARY AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STANDARD FOR OZONE LOWER THAN A CER-TAIN EXISTING STANDARD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency of the national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone, which may include a prohibition on with-holding Federal permits for manufacturing and energy construction projects in States that are in nonattainment with the most re-cent effective ozone national primary or sec-ondary ambient air quality standard, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 796. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SAVING MEDICARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending the life of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, which may include the creation of a point of order against legislation that accelerates the in-solvency of such Trust Fund, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 797. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING HEAD-QUARTERS STAFF IN THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing headquarters staff in the Department of Defense in accordance with current Department goals by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 798. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
FOR LEGISLATION TO ALLOW AMER-ICANS TO EARN PAID SICK TIME. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efforts to improve workplace ben-efits and reduce health care costs, which may include measures to allow Americans to earn paid sick time to address their own health needs and the health needs of their families, and to promote equal employment opportunities, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 799. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FUNDING FOR PRO-GRAMS RELATED TO GOVERNING JUSTLY AND DEMOCRATICALLY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Governing Justly and Democrat-ically (GJD) programs, which establishes a funding floor and may include increasing United States contributions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 800. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
MURRAY , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.086 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1930 March 25, 2015 
congressional budget for the United 
States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO A COMPREHENSIVE AP-PROACH TO CRUDE-BY-RAIL SAFETY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the safe movement of crude oil by rail, which may include— 
(1) strengthening design standards for rail 
tank cars; 
(2) rapidly phasing out the legacy rail tank 
car fleet for crude-by-rail operations; 
(3) improving railroad operations to reduce 
derailments; 
(4) limiting the volatility of crude oil 
shipped by rail; 
(5) disclosing crude-by-rail train move-
ments to States and first responders; or 
(6) increasing resources that provide for 
the training and equipping of first respond-ers to respond to worst-case accidents, 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 801. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. 
KING) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$8,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$12,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$12,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 18, increase the amount by 
$8,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$12,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$12,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 2, increase the amount by 
$13,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$37,144,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$84,095,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$2,228,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$2,515,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$2,403,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$2,173,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$1,884,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$1,520,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,119,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$765,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$19,643,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$60,080,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$27,386,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$10,946,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$6,197,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$5,117,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$3,073,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$1,520,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$1,119,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$765,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$11,643,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$50,080,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$15,386,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, decrease the amount by 
$1,054,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$6,803,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$7,883,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$9,927,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$11,480,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$11,881,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$12,235,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$11,643,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$61,723,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$77,109,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$76,055,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$69,252,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$61,369,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$51,442,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$39,962,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$28,081,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$15,846,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$11,643,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$61,723,000,000. On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$77,109,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$76,055,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$69,252,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$61,369,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$51,442,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$39,962,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$28,081,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$15,846,000,000. 
On page 14, line 6, increase the amount by 
$37,000,000,000. 
On page 14, line 7, increase the amount by 
$23,495,000,000. 
On page 14, line 11, increase the amount by 
$7,696,000,000. 
On page 14, line 15, increase the amount by 
$2,960,000,000. 
On page 14, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,369,000,000. 
On page 14, line 23, increase the amount by 
$1,073,000,000. 
On page 15, line 3, increase the amount by 
$407,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$144,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$144,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,095,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,095,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$2,228,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$2,228,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$2,515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$2,515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$2,403,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$2,403,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$2,173,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$2,173,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$1,884,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$1,884,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,520,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,520,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$1,119,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$1,119,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$765,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$765,000,000. 
On page 43, line 19, increase the amount by 
$37,000,000,000. 
On page 43, line 20, increase the amount by 
$19,499,000,000. 
On page 43, line 23, increase the amount by 
$46,000,000,000. 
On page 43, line 24, increase the amount by 
$35,490,000,000. 
On page 44, line 3, increase the amount by 
$17,462,000,000. 
On page 44, line 7, increase the amount by 
$5,471,000,000. 
On page 44, line 11, increase the amount by 
$2,425,000,000. 
On page 44, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,871,000,000. 
On page 44, line 19, increase the amount by 
$782,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.092 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1931 March 25, 2015 
At the appropriate place insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. ADJUSTMENTS FOR SEQUESTRATION 
REPLACEMENT. 
(a) M ECHANISM FOR IMPLEMENTING INCREASE  
INDISCRETIONARY LIMITS .—If a measure be-
comes law that amends the discretionary spending limits established under section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the adjustments to discretionary spending limits under sec-tion 251(b) of that Act, or the enforcement procedures established under section 251A of that Act, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall adjust the al-location called for in section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and may adjust all other budg-etary aggregates, allocations, levels, and limits contained in this resolution, as nec-essary, consistent with such measure, up to the amounts specified and reserved in sub-section (b). 
(b) A
MOUNTS SPECIFIED AND RESERVED .— 
The amounts specified in this subsection (and to be reserved from the 302(a) allocation of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to the Committee on Appropriations until such time as the conditions specified in sub-section (a) are met) are— 
(1) for fiscal year 2016— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(2) for fiscal year 2017— (A) for the revised security category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom); and 
(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$37,000,000,000 in budget authority (and the outlays flowing therefrom). 
At the appropriate place insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REVISE OR REPEAL SEQUESTRA-TION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that amend section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or the enforcement procedures under section 251A of that Act to revise or repeal the discretionary spending limits and en-forcement procedures established under those sections, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. For purposes of de-termining deficit-neutrality under this sec-tion, the Chairman may include the esti-mated effects of any amendment or amend-ments to the discretionary spending limits. 
SA 802. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 5, line 5, increase the amount by 
$8,800,000,000. 
SA 803. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 56, line 16, insert after ‘‘United 
States’’ the following: ‘‘, including programs that expedite the deployment of broadband to rural areas,’’. 
SA 804. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO STUDENT LOANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the servicing and collection of private and Federal student loan debt, which may include ensuring that borrowers are treated fairly, that borrowers’ account bal-ances and payments are accurate, and that servicers and debt collectors are held ac-countable by the Department of Education or the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 805. Mr. CORKER (for himself, 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. V ITTER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT THE SALE OF SENIOR PRE-FERRED STOCK OF FANNIE MAE AND FREDDIE MAC BY THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chairman of the 
Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Congress determining the resolution of each enter-prise, which may include preventing the Sec-retary of the Treasury from selling, transfer-ring, or otherwise disposing of any out-standing shares acquired pursuant to the Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement without the consent of Congress, by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘enterprise’’ has the same 
meaning as in section 1303 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Senior Preferred Stock Pur-
chase Agreement’’ means— 
(A) the Amended and Restated Senior Pre-
ferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 26, 2008, as such Agreement has been amended on May 6, 2009, December 24, 2009, and August 17, 2012, respectively, and as such Agreement may be further amended and restated, entered into between the Depart-ment of the Treasury and each enterprise, as applicable; and 
(B) any provision of any certificate in con-
nection with such Agreement creating or designating the terms, powers, preferences, privileges, limitations, or any other condi-tions of the Variable Liquidation Preference Senior Preferred Stock of an enterprise issued or sold pursuant to such Agreement. 
SA 806. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 4 ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-
TION AUTHORIZING FEDERAL FUNDS APPROPRIATED FOR PROC-ESSING NATURALIZATION APPLICA-TIONS TO BE USED FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report (except measures within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate) that would permit the Secretary of Homeland Security or any other Federal official to use funds appropriated to process and adjudicate applications for natu-ralization for any other purpose. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 807. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 4 l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST USING CER-
TAIN FUNDS TO PROCESS APPLICA-TIONS FOR IMMIGRATION BENEFITS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.092 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1932 March 25, 2015 
joint resolution, motion, amendment, 
amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report (except measures within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives) that would permit the Secretary of Home-land Security or any other Federal official to use funds to process and adjudicate immigra-tion benefit applications for any other pur-pose other than to process and adjudicate that same type of immigration benefit appli-cation. 
(b) I
MMIGRATION BENEFIT APPLICATION .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘immigration benefit application’’ means any application or peti-tion to confer, certify, change, adjust, or ex-tend any status granted under the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). 
(c) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 808. Mr. THUNE (for himself and 
Mr. W YDEN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PERMANENTLY EXTEND THE INTER-NET TAX FREEDOM ACT AND TO ES-TABLISH RULES FOR TAXATION OF DIGITAL GOODS AND SERVICES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to maintaining and enhancing pro-tections against multiple and discriminatory taxation of the Internet, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 809. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO RESTORE STUDENTS’ RIGHT TO PRIVACY OF EDUCATIONAL RECORDS BY ENSURING PARENTAL CONSENT OF RECORDS RELEASE IN ALL CASES AND PROHIBITING COL-LECTION OF PSYCHOLOGICAL OR BEHAVIORAL DATA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to restoring students’ right to pri-vacy of educational records by developing methods to ensure parental consent of records release in all cases and prohibiting the collection of psychological or behavioral data by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 810. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING ACCESS TO HIGHER EDUCATION FOR LOW- INCOME AMERICANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL PELL GRANT PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing access to higher edu-cation for low-income Americans through the Federal Pell Grant program, which may include allowing for 1 or more additional payment periods during the same award year, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 811. Mr. VITTER proposed an 
amendment to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENDING WASHING-TON’S ILLEGAL EXEMPTION FROM THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AF-FORDABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to developing methods that ensure that all Members of Congress, the President, the Vice President, and all political ap-pointees of the Administration procure their health insurance on the individual exchange in the same way as Americans at the same income level, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of 
the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 812. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Mrs. B OXER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. B ROWN , 
and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADVANCE WOMEN’S HEALTH CARE INTO THE 21ST CENTURY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving women’s healthcare services, which may include measures to— 
(1) expand comprehensive preventive serv-
ices, including full access to contraceptive coverage for all women; 
(2) invest in access to women’s primary 
care by investing in nurse practitioners and other health care providers; 
(3) improve maternal safety and quality of 
care; 
(4) provide compassionate assistance 
through emergency contraception and awareness for survivors of rape; or 
(5) ensure that women have access, aware-
ness, and are provided the full range of pre-ventive services, including contraception, breast cancer screenings, mammograms, do-mestic violence screenings and counseling, and more as provided for by the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 813. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING OVER-SIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving oversight and account-ability of for-profit institutions of higher education, which may include establishing a Federal interagency task force to better co-ordinate oversight activities related to for- profit institutions of higher education or providing better consumer information to parents and students seeking postsecondary education, by the amounts provided in such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.087 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1933 March 25, 2015 
legislation for those purposes, provided that 
such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 814. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING EXPLOI-TATION OF VETERANS AND SERVICEMEMBERS SEEKING POST-SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing exploitation of vet-erans and servicemembers seeking postsec-ondary education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 815. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATED TO PROHIBITING IN-VERTED CORPORATIONS FROM AVOIDING UNITED STATES TAXES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing certain corporations from avoiding United States taxes, which may include reforming the definition of an inverted corporation under the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 or preventing earnings stripping, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 816. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. R EED) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PREVENT CERTAIN CORPORATIONS FROM PROFITING FROM GOVERN-MENT CONTRACTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing certain corporations from profiting from Federal government con-tracts, which may include revising the defi-nition of an inverted corporation or identi-fying corporations that were previously lo-cated in the United States and are now lo-cated in Bermuda or the Cayman Islands, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 817. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , and Mr. R EED) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROVIDE TAX BENEFITS TO PA-TRIOT EMPLOYERS THAT INVEST IN AMERICAN JOBS AND PROVIDE FAIR PAY AND BENEFITS TO WORKERS AND TO ELIMINATE TAX BENEFITS FOR CORPORATIONS THAT SHIP JOBS OR PROFITS OVERSEAS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to income taxes paid by businesses, which may include measures providing tax breaks for companies that have not inverted, have maintained or expanded their United States workforce, or have provided livable wages and health care, and may also include measures ending tax breaks that encourage businesses to ship jobs offshore, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 818. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 352. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FUNDING FOR THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which may include activities to limit the reduction of green-house gas emissions, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 819. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE REPEAL OF THE EXTENSION OF THE WIND PRODUC-TION TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the wind production tax credit, which may include the repeal of any exten-sion of the credit to any period of calendar year 2014 before December 14, 2014, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 820. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FUND-ING FOR THE DEFENSE RAPID INNO-VATION PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to minimizing wasteful spending by the Department of Defense, which may in-clude prohibiting funding for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program, by the amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.085 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1934 March 25, 2015 
provided in such legislation for those pur-
poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 821. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING THE FOREST SERVICE FROM FINALIZING AND IMPLEMENTING A CERTAIN PROPOSED GROUNDWATER DIREC-TIVE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to State regulation of groundwater resources, which may include prohibiting the Forest Service from finalizing and imple-menting the proposed directive of the Forest Service entitled ‘‘Proposed Directive on Groundwater Resource Management, Forest Service Manual 2560’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 25815 (May 6, 2014)) by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 822. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 81, line 12, strike ‘‘or’’. 
On page 81, line 15, insert ‘‘or’’ at the end. On page 81, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
(4) the reduction of duplicative Federal 
green building programs; 
SA 823. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPLEMENTING GAO RECOMMENDATIONS TO CONSOLI-DATE FINANCIAL LITERACY PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing duplication in Federal programs, which may include implementing the recommendations of the Government Ac-countability Office to consolidate financial literacy programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 824. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRANSPARENCY IN THE FEDERAL CROP INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing transparency in the Federal crop insurance program, which may include the disclosure of the names of recipi-ents of Federal subsidy payments for crop in-surance premiums, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 825. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-
self and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 54, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(6) vocational programs of the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that improves vocational rehabilita-tion and counseling for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and members of the Armed Forces with severe injuries or ill-ness; 
(7) improving research at the Department 
of Veterans Affairs, which may include legis-lation that expands research on post-trau-matic stress disorder, traumatic brain in-jury, or toxic exposures; 
(8) improving the delivery of health care 
and benefits to veterans or members of the Armed Forces, which may include legislation that improves delivery of health care and benefits to victims of military sexual trau-ma; 
(9) improving the delivery of care and ben-
efits to veterans, which may include legisla-tion that enhances oversight and investiga-tions by the Department of Veterans Affairs 
Office of Inspector General; 
(10) maintaining and enhancing access, 
choice, and accountability in veterans care through the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146); 
SA 826. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, 
Mr. H ATCH , and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CHANGES TO THE PA-TIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORD-ABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to changes in the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, which may in-clude repeal of the annual fee on health in-surance providers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 827. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE FED-ERAL REGULATORY PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to— 
(1) creating an effective mechanism for the 
review of the existing Federal regulatory burden to identify rules for repeal or modi-fication that— 
(A) impose paperwork burdens that could 
be reduced substantially without signifi-cantly diminishing regulatory effectiveness; 
(B) impose disproportionately high costs 
on small businesses; 
(C) could be strengthened in their effec-
tiveness while reducing regulatory costs; 
(D) have been rendered obsolete by techno-
logical or market changes; 
(E) have achieved their goals and can be re-
pealed without target problems recurring; 
(F) impose the greatest opportunity costs 
in terms of economic growth; 
(G) are ineffective; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.089 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1935 March 25, 2015 
(H) overlap, duplicate, or conflict with 
other Federal regulations or with State or local regulations; or 
(I) impose costs that are not justified by 
benefits produced for society within the United States; 
(2) reforming the process by which new reg-
ulations are made by Federal agencies, in-cluding independent agencies, for the pur-poses of— 
(A) prioritizing early public outreach in 
the rulemaking process; 
(B) ensuring the use of the best available 
scientific, economic, and technical data; 
(C) preventing the misuse of guidance doc-
uments to skirt public input; 
(D) ensuring the use of best practices for 
regulatory analysis, including cost-benefit analysis, into each step of the rulemaking process; 
(E) facilitating the adoption by Federal 
agencies of the least costly regulatory alter-native that would achieve the goals of the statutory authorization; 
(F) ensuring more careful consideration of 
proposed high-cost rules; 
(G) ensuring effective oversight of the Fed-
eral regulatory program, including inde-pendent regulatory commissions, by the Of-fice of Information and Regulatory Affairs; 
(H) improving the consideration of adverse 
impacts on small businesses; 
(I) providing greater transparency in the 
rulemaking process; and 
(J) improving compliance with section 515 
of the Treasury and General Government Ap-propriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2736A–153) (commonly known as the ‘‘Information Quality Act’’), the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), and chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’); 
(3) enhancing accountability by facili-
tating fair and effective judicial review of agency actions; and 
(4) ensuring that Congress can effectively 
exercise its appropriate role in the regu-latory process through legislation and over-sight; 
by the amounts provided in such legislation 
for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 828. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. S AND-
ERS) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$6,772,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,408,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$9,762,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$10,362,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$10,958,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,280,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$11,901,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$12,540,000,000. On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$13,212,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$13,814,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$7,615,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$9,741,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$10,224,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$10,829,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,373,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$11,787,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$12,425,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$13,096,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$13,694,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,615,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$9,741,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$10,224,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$10,829,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, increase the amount by 
$11,373,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, increase the amount by 
$11,787,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, increase the amount by 
$12,425,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, increase the amount by 
$13,096,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, increase the amount by 
$13,694,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$13,900,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$23,641,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$33,865,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$44,694,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$56,067,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$67,854,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$80,279,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$93,375,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$107,069,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$6,285,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$13,900,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$23,641,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$33,865,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$44,694,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$56,067,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$67,854,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$80,279,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$93,375,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$107,069,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$6,695,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$6,207,000,000. On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$9,144,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$7,350,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$9,140,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$9,118,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,329,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$9,191,000,000. 
On page 29, line 11, increase the amount by 
$9,504,000,000. 
On page 29, line 12, increase the amount by 
$9,374,000,000. 
On page 29, line 15, increase the amount by 
$9,374,000,000. 
On page 29, line 16, increase the amount by 
$9,467,000,000. 
On page 29, line 19, increase the amount by 
$9,534,000,000. 
On page 29, line 20, increase the amount by 
$9,419,000,000. 
On page 29, line 23, increase the amount by 
$9,689,000,000. 
On page 29, line 24, increase the amount by 
$9,574,000,000. 
On page 30, line 2, increase the amount by 
$9,848,000,000. 
On page 30, line 3, increase the amount by 
$9,731,000,000. 
On page 30, line 6, increase the amount by 
$10,009,000,000. 
On page 30, line 7, increase the amount by 
$9,889,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$78,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$78,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$265,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$265,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$623,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$623,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,033,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,033,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$1,455,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,455,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$1,906,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$1,906,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$2,368,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$2,368,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$2,851,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$2,851,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,365,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$3,365,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$3,805,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$3,805,000,000. 
SA 829. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.101 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1936 March 25, 2015 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO MAINTAINING THE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-RITY OF THE UNITED STATES NAT-URAL GAS PIPELINE SYSTEM WITH RESPECT TO PHYSICAL DAMAGES OR CYBER SECURITY-RELATED IM-PACTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to maintaining the critical infra-structure security of the United States nat-ural gas pipeline system with respect to physical damages or cyber security-related impacts, which may include compromise from geologic and weather-related events, or from a physical terrorist attack, or cyber se-curity threats and impacts to related com-puter systems, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 830. Mr. MORAN (for himself and 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO RESEARCHING HEALTH CONDITIONS OF THE DESCENDANTS OF VETERANS EXPOSED TO TOXIC SUBSTANCES DURING SERVICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to researching health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 831. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ATTENDANCE AT IN-STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to encouraging institutions of high-er education to make college more affordable by reducing the cost of attendance for stu-dents and families by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 832. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO CONTRACEPTIVE COV-ERAGE FOR TRICARE BENE-FICIARIES, INCLUDING EMERGENCY CONTRACEPTION FOR WOMEN MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving TRICARE contracep-tive coverage, which may include legislation that provides no-cost coverage of all contra-ceptive methods approved by the Food and Drug Administration, including long-acting reversible contraceptives and emergency contraception, provides contraception edu-cation and counseling, and ensures emer-gency contraception is offered to all women members of the Armed Forces who are sexual assault survivors at all military treatment facilities, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 833. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF STATE AND LOCAL ECONOMIES FROM DROUGHT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing to States and units of local government emergency financial as-sistance for responding to the impacts of human-induced climate change, including 
extreme and exceptional drought events, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 834. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH AND WELFARE OF STATES AND LOCAL COMMU-NITIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing to States and units of local governments emergency financial as-sistance to respond to the public health im-pacts of human-induced climate change, in-cluding injury and death from extreme weather events and natural disasters, in-creases in climate-sensitive infectious dis-eases, increases in air pollution-related ill-ness, and more heat-related, potentially fatal illness, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 835. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO OFFSETTING THE COST OF OPERATIONS AGAINST THE ISLAMIC STATE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to funding for overseas contingency operations, which may include legislation that would establish a temporary surtax, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 836. Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself 
and Mr. P AUL) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.101 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1937 March 25, 2015 
to the concurrent resolution S. Con. 
Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REGULATION BY THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY OF GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS-SIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the regulation by the Environ-mental Protection Agency of greenhouse gas emissions, which may include a prohibition on withholding highway funds from States that refuse to submit State Implementation Plans required under the Clean Power Plan of the Agency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 837. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE PRI-VACY RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the rights of employ-ees to protect their private personal infor-mation from labor organizations by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 838. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE DISPOSAL OF CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to initiatives to sell or transfer to, or exchange with, a State or local govern-ment any Federal land that is not within the boundaries of a National Park, National Pre-serve, or National Monument, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 839. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself 
and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 352. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO SUPPORTING UNITED STATES CITIZENS HELD HOSTAGE IN THE UNITED STATES EMBASSY IN TEHRAN, IRAN, BETWEEN NOVEM-BER 3, 1979, AND JANUARY 20, 1981. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting United States citizens held hostage in the United States embassy in Tehran, Iran, between November 3, 1979, and January 20, 1981, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 840. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAW EN-FORCEMENT AGENCIES TO BE USED FOR DATA COLLECTION RELATED TO DOJ PROFILING GUIDANCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing funding for State and local law enforcement agencies that receive Federal funds to be used for data collection related to profiling guidance issued by the Department of Justice by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 841. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVISION OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO VET-ERANS WHO SERVED IN THE RE-SERVES IN AFGHANISTAN OR IRAQ. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration, for the purpose of providing edu-cational assistance that is on par with active duty veterans for veterans who served in a reserve component of the Armed Forces in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, or any other contingency operation (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code), who did not serve an aggregate of at least 24 months on active duty in the Armed Forces (excluding service in entry level and skill training), and who are currently not entitled to full educational assistance under section 3311 of title 38, United States Code, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 842. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CONSUMER FINAN-CIAL PROTECTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to consumer financial protection, which may include measures ensuring that the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion has authority and autonomy to con-tinue to protect consumers from predatory lending, misleading or abusive behavior in the financial marketplace, or other unscru-pulous practices, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.099 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1938 March 25, 2015 
SA 843. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE COST OF ATTENDANCE AT AN INSTITU-TION OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND ENSURING THAT STUDENTS CAN AF-FORD TO PAY BACK STUDENT LOANS BY AVOIDING NEW MANDATES THAT STUDENTS PAY INTEREST. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the cost of attending an institution of higher education and ensuring that students who graduate can afford to pay 
back their student loans, which may include avoiding new mandates that students pay in-terest on Stafford loans while attending an institution of higher education by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 844. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE COST OF ATTENDANCE AT AN INSTITU-TION OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND ENSURING THAT STUDENTS CAN AF-FORD TO PAY BACK STUDENT LOANS BY AVOIDING CUTS IN FEDERAL PELL GRANTS AND NEW MANDATES THAT STUDENTS PAY INTEREST ON LOANS WHILE IN SCHOOL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the cost of attending an institution of higher education and ensuring that students who graduate can afford to pay back their student loans, which may include avoiding new mandates that students pay in-terest on Stafford loans while attending an institution of higher education or avoiding cuts to Federal Pell Grants that result in in-creased debt for students and families by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 845. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to trade agreements, which may in-clude measures ensuring that trade agree-ments put United States manufacturers on a level playing field with manufacturers in for-eign countries with low environmental and wage standards, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 846. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$2,031,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,776,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$4,147,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,479 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,785,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12 ,increase the amount by 
$5,404,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$5,735,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$6,075,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$6,387,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,876 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$2,876,000,000. On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,015,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,250,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,945,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$3,375,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,125,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,545,000,000. 
On page 29, line 11, increase the amount by 
$ 4,270,000,000. 
On page 29, line 12, increase the amount by 
$3,680,000,000. 
On page 29, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,405,000,000. 
On page 29, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,530,000,000. 
On page 29, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,910,000,000. 
On page 29, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,665,000,000. 
On page 29, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,025,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.100 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1939 March 25, 2015 
On page 30, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,795,000,000. 
On page 30, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,140,000,000. 
On page 30, line 6, increase the amount by 
$4,925,000,000. 
On page 30, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,250,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
SA 847. Mr. SCOTT submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. INFORMATION ON SETTLEMENT 
AGREEMENTS. 
As part of the annual update to the Budget 
and Economic Outlook required by section 202(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(e)), the Congressional Budget Office shall include— 
(1) a report on settlement agreements re-
quiring payments of at least $1,000,000; and 
(2) a breakdown of the amounts paid under 
settlement agreements described in para-graph (1) to— 
(A) the General Fund of the Treasury; (B) a victims compensation fund of a Fed-
eral agency; 
(C) a State or local government; or (D) a nongovernmental entity. 
SA 848. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE MEDICARE HOME HEALTH FACE-TO-FACE DOCU-MENTATION REQUIREMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Medicare home health face- to-face documentation requirement, which may include legislation that simplifies and streamlines such requirement, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 849. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ENDING BIRTHRIGHT CITIZENSHIP. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing the practice of birth tourism and the giving of United States citi-zenship to children who are born in the United States and do not have a parent who is a United States citizen or a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 850. Mr. VITTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROHIBITING CARRYING OUT EXECUTIVE ACTIONS AN-NOUNCED ON NOVEMBER 20 AND 21, 2014 RELATED TO IMMIGRATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting carrying out execu-tive actions announced on November 20 and 
21, 2014, related to immigration, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 851. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
REIN IN FISHING REGULATIONS AND PROVIDE DISASTER RELIEF FOR FISHERIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reining in onerous regulations on the United States fishing industry or pro-viding assistance for fishery disasters de-clared by the Secretary of Commerce by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 852. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING SMALL BUSINESS REGULATORY RELIEF AND PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE REGULATIONS FOR INVESTMENT AD-VISORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to alleviating regulatory burdens on small businesses, fostering small business export growth, and preventing duplicative regulations for investment advisors by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 853. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.105 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1940 March 25, 2015 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PRESERVE THE INTEGRITY OF COL-LEGE ATHLETES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing any group of athletes representing an institution of higher edu-cation from being recognized as employees who can form a labor organization under the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 854. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REPEALING THE LIMI-TATION ON HEALTH FLEXIBLE SPENDING ARRANGEMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to repealing the limitation on health flexible spending arrangements im-posed pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 855. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 202. LIMIT ON SENATE CONSIDERATION OF 
RECONCILIATION. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a bill or joint resolution reported pursuant to section 201, or an amendment to, conference report on, or amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, which would increase the public debt limit under section 3101 of title 31, United States Code, during the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. (b) W
AIVER .—This section may be waived 
or suspended in the Senate only by the af-firmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. 
(c) A
PPEALS .—An affirmative vote of two- 
thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on the point of order raised under this section. 
SA 856. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROHIBIT THE RECLASSIFICA-TION OF BROADBAND PROVIDERS AS COMMON CARRIERS UNDER TITLE II OF THE COMMUNICATIONS ACT OF 1934. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the openness of the Internet, which may include prohibiting the reclassi-fication of broadband providers as common carriers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 857. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE INVESTIGATION AND RECOVERY OF MISSING WEAP-ONS AND MILITARY EQUIPMENT PROVIDED TO THE GOVERNMENT OF YEMEN BY THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to the investigation and recovery of missing weapons and military equipment provided to the Government of Yemen by the United States Government to ensure that such items are not in the possession of or used by radical extremist groups operating in the country by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 858. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO LIMITING FUNDS FOR INSTITUTIONS OR ORGANIZATIONS ESTABLISHED BY THE UNITED NA-TIONS CONVENTION ON THE LAW OF THE SEA. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to limiting funds for institutions or organizations established by the United Na-tions Convention on the Law of the Sea by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 859. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States 
Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CLARIFYING THE DEF-INITION OF THE TERM ‘‘WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES’’. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), which may clarify that the term ‘‘navigable waters’’ means waters of the United States, including the territorial seas that are navigable-in- fact or permanent, or continuously flowing bodies of water that form geographical fea-tures commonly known as streams, oceans, rivers, and lakes that are connected to waters that are navigable-in-fact by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 860. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.106 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1941 March 25, 2015 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING THE DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY FROM MAK-ING RISKY LOANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing Federal agencies from providing direct funding or loan guarantees for energy projects to private entities by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 861. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EQUALIZING THE TREATMENT OF ATTORNEY’S FEES UNDER THE ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973 AND THE EQUAL AC-CESS TO JUSTICE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to placing the award of attorney’s fees granted by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) under the same conditions found in sections 504 of title 5 and 2412 of title 28, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘‘Equal Access to Jus-tice Act’’), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 862. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REPEALING THE WIND PRODUCTION TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to repealing the tax credit for the production of electricity from wind, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-
tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 863. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 56, line 21, insert ‘‘would not raise 
new revenue and’’ after ‘‘legislation’’. 
SA 864. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING AN AC-COUNTING OF TOTAL UNITED STATES CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNITED NATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to requiring the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget to submit an annual report to Congress that lists all con-tributions, including in-kind contributions, of the United States Government to the United Nations, its affiliated agencies, and related bodies, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 865. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO STOP THE FEDERAL GOVERN-MENT FROM FORCING STATES TO PAY UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSA-TION BENEFITS TO MILLIONAIRES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the payment of unemployment insurance benefits to high-income individ-uals by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such 
legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 866. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. R EED, and Mr. D UR-
BIN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING FUNDING FOR THE TIGER DISCRETIONARY GRANT PROGRAM OF THE DEPART-MENT OF TRANSPORTATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in the Transportation Investment Generating Eco-nomic Recovery (‘‘TIGER’’) discretionary grant program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 867. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR COR-PORATIONS TO SECRETLY INFLU-ENCE ELECTIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to campaign finance reform, includ-ing disclosure of campaign spending and the prevention and enforcement of false state-ments to the Government, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 868. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.107 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1942 March 25, 2015 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST PROVI-
SIONS THAT WOULD CAUSE MIL-LIONS OF AMERICANS TO LOSE THEIR HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would result in millions of Americans losing their health insurance plans without providing for alternative cov-erage. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 869. Mr. UDALL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TECHNOLOGY TRANSI-TIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to technology transfer investment, which may include the creation of a partner-ship between the Department of Energy and the Small Business Administration or the issuance of a license to a company to operate as a small business investment company that targets technology transfer start-ups, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 870. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
WARNER , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO EXTENDING TAX PRO-VISIONS EXPIRING IN 2013 OR 2014 FOR 2 YEARS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to extending tax provisions that ex-pired in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, which may include provisions and policies like those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 871. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE PROCESS OF EVALUATING AND AD-JUDICATING BENEFIT CLAIMS OF SURVIVORS AND DEPENDENTS OF VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the process of evalu-ating and adjudicating benefit claims of sur-vivors and dependents of veterans and mem-bers of the Armed Forces, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 872. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO EXPANDING AND EN-HANCING THE SECURITY OF THE VISA WAIVER PROGRAM TO PRO-MOTE TRAVEL AND TOURISM TO THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Visa Waiver Program to pro-mote travel and tourism to the United States, which may include the expansion of eligible program countries or the enhance-
ment of the program’s security require-ments, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. SA 873. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE REIMBURSEMENT OF EMERGENCY MEDICAL CARE FOR VETERANS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the reimbursement of emergency medical care for veterans, which may in-clude reimbursement of veterans who have not received care from the Department of Veterans Affairs in the last 24 months, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 874. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO A UNIQUE IDENTIFIER FOR AN INDIVIDUAL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to eliminating the prohibition on the use of appropriated funds to promulgate or adopt any final standard providing for the assignment of a unique health identifier for an individual and to require legislation set-ting standards for such assignment, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 875. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.108 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1943 March 25, 2015 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PERMANENT EXTEN-SION OF THE NEW MARKETS TAX CREDIT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to permanent extension of the new markets tax credit, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 876. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE RIGHTS OF ALL AMERICANS RE-GARDLESS OF SEXUAL ORIENTA-TION, RELIGION, RACE, COLOR, SEX, OR NATIONAL ORIGIN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal agencies protect the rights of all Americans, regard-less of their sexual orientation, religion, race, color, sex, or national origin, in accord-ance with the Constitution of the United States and Federal law, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 877. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING COLLEGE COMPLETION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing college completion, which may include expanding Federal Pell Grant eligibility by allowing college stu-dents to use Federal Pell Grants for more than 2 semesters in an academic year by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-
ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 878. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INVESTING IN CLEAN ENERGY AND PRESERVING THE EN-VIRONMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the reduction of the dependence of the United States on imported energy and the investment of receipts from domestic en-ergy production, or energy efficiency and re-newable energy development, or new or ex-isting approaches to clean energy financing, or reducing greenhouse gas emissions levels, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 879. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DENTAL COVERAGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to requiring dental coverage under all qualified health plans offered under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111-148), by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or 
the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 880. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. K ING) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A STU-DENT BORROWER BILL OF RIGHTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving servicing of student loans, which may include requiring addi-tional disclosures for student loan bor-rowers, timely resolution of errors, a single point of access for Federal student loan bor-rowers, or a process for borrowers to change their Federal student loan servicer, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 881. Mr. SANDERS (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING A SUB-STANTIAL INCREASE IN THE MIN-IMUM WAGE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to labor reform, which may include a substantial increase in the minimum wage by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 882. Mr. CARPER (for himself, 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. C OT-
TON) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE PRE-VENTION AND TREATMENT OF AGRI-CULTURAL VIRUS OUTBREAKS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the improvement of prevention and treatment measures to mitigate agricul-tural impacts from an agricultural virus out-break, such as the impacts seen from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.110 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1944 March 25, 2015 
avian influenza outbreak, which may include 
investments in vaccine development or re-search in pathway analysis, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 883. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING HEALTH CARE RATIONING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the use of data ob-tained from comparative effectiveness re-search to deny coverage of items or services under Federal health programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 884. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING LOCAL FLEXIBILITY IN LOW-INCOME HOUS-ING AND SUPPORTING LOW-INCOME HOUSING BLOCK GRANT FUNDING BY EXPANDING THE MOVING-TO- WORK PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing local flexibility in low-income housing and supporting low-in-come housing block grant funding by ex-panding the Moving-to-Work program by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 885. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING TECH-NICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL BUSI-NESSES AND ASPIRING ENTRE-PRENEURS THROUGH SMALL BUSI-NESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing technical assistance to small businesses and aspiring entrepreneurs through small business development centers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 886. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY AT THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports to ensure accountability and transparency at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legis-lation would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 887. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
STREAMLINE ENERGY INFRASTRUC-TURE PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports that would reform permitting processes to promote energy security, reduce natural gas flaring, and increase job creation by the 
amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 888. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PREVENTING TERROR-ISTS FROM OBTAINING FIREARMS OR EXPLOSIVES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preventing terrorism, including by denying the transfer of a firearm or explo-sive to a terrorist, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 889. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO IMPROVING COMMUNITY RELATIONS WITH LAW ENFORCE-MENT OFFICERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to community policing, which may include increasing the number of law en-forcement officers who walk patrols that en-able them to interact and build relationships with community members, increasing and improving training for law enforcement offi-cers, encouraging the use of body cameras by law enforcement officers, encouraging law enforcement to de-escalate confrontations whenever feasible, and ensuring that pros-ecutions of law enforcement officers are fair and impartial, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 890. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.112 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1945 March 25, 2015 
Government for fiscal year 2016 and 
setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 71, beginning on line 4, strike 
‘‘and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(3)’’ on line 5, and insert the following: 
(3) for the National Railroad Passenger 
Corporation (Amtrak); and 
(4) 
SA 891. Mr. COONS (for himself and 
Mr. C ASEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO ADDRESSING THE INFRA-STRUCTURE NEEDS OF PASSENGER RAIL. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to investments benefiting the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation, in-cluding funding for capital needs of the intercity passenger rail network and the Corporation, which may include state of good repair, safety improvements, and other capital projects necessary to maintain and expand current service levels and improve key performance metrics of the Nation’s intercity passenger rail provider, which helps connect communities across the Na-tion and support regional economic develop-ment, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 892. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPACTS OF CLI-MATE CHANGE ON CRITICAL INFRA-STRUCTURE SYSTEMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the impacts of climate change on the safety and reliability of the critical in-frastructure systems of the United States, which include tangible economic costs that are likely to increase over time or can be mitigated by planning and actions taken now, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit 
over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 893. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO DIABETES RESEARCH, TREATMENT, AND PREVENTION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to diabetes, which may include dia-betes research, treatment, prevention, or other programs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 894. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FUNDING TO THE GLOBAL FUND. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to sustaining funding to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Ma-laria at fiscal year 2015 enacted levels, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 895. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: SEC. 4 l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST BUDGET 
RESOLUTIONS THAT SUPPORT CUT-TING OVER $1,000,000,000,000 IN SPENDING WITHOUT IDENTIFYING SPECIFIC PROGRAMMATIC EFFECTS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider a concurrent resolution on the budget that would reduce new budget authority or outlays during the fiscal years covered under the resolution by more than $1,000,000,000,000 (as compared to the fiscal year before the budget year for the resolution) unless the committee print ac-companying the resolution identifies the specific programmatic effects proposed to meet the recommended levels and amounts in the resolution. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 896. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO IMPROVING THE SAFETY OF OFFSHORE OIL DRILL-ING IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving the safety of offshore oil drilling in the United States, which may include changes to existing law to increase the liability cap with respect to offshore oil spills, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 897. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING CON-SUMERS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM PRICE INCREASES DUE TO LARGE-SCALE NATURAL GAS EX-PORTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.119 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1946 March 25, 2015 
relating to protecting consumers and busi-
nesses in the United States from price in-creases or other impacts of large-scale nat-ural gas exports, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 898. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ADDRESS CYBERSTALKING AND ON-LINE HARASSMENT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing cyberstalking and on-line harassment, including the nonconsen-sual disclosure of sexually explicit images and videos, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 899. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPORTANCE OF FINANCIAL LITERACY EDUCATION TO ALLOW INDIVIDUALS TO MAKE INFORMED AND EFFECTIVE DECI-SIONS WITH THEIR FINANCIAL RE-SOURCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to financial literacy education, which may include improvements to finan-cial literacy education curricula in schools or which may improve the capacity of teach-ers to provide effective financial literacy education, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 900. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE IMPORTANCE OF CIVICS AND GOVERNMENT EDU-CATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to civics and government education, which may include improving instruction in civics and government education or which may improve the capacity of teachers to pro-vide effective civics and government edu-cation, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 901. Ms. HIRONO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING THE RIGHTS OF ALL AMERICANS RE-GARDLESS OF SEXUAL ORIENTA-TION, GENDER IDENTITY, RELIGION, RACE, COLOR, SEX, OR NATIONAL ORIGIN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that Federal agencies protect the rights of all Americans, regard-less of their sexual orientation, gender iden-tity, religion, race, color, sex, or national or-igin, in accordance with the Constitution of the United States and Federal law, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 902. Mr. TESTER (for himself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. H ELLER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent res-olution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO AUTHORIZING CHILDREN ELIGIBLE FOR HEALTH CARE UNDER LAWS ADMINISTERED BY SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO RETAIN SUCH ELIGIBILITY UNTIL AGE 26. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to authorizing children who are eli-gible to receive health care furnished under laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to retain such eligibility until age 26, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 903. Mr. TESTER (for himself and 
Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TEMPORARY PAY-MENT OF DEPENDENCY AND INDEM-NITY COMPENSATION OR DEATH PENSION UPON DEATH OF A VET-ERAN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to temporary payment of depend-ency and indemnity compensation or death pension upon the death of veterans, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 904. Mr. TESTER (for himself and 
Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO THE FEDERAL WORK-FORCE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the Federal workforce, which may include the provision of additional sick leave to disabled veterans employed by the Federal Government, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.117 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1947 March 25, 2015 
provided that such legislation would not in-
crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 905. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO VETERANS HEALTH CARE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to veterans health care, which may include efforts to enhance access to care for rural veterans, to address medical workforce shortages of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and to invest in new facilities in rural areas, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 906. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO FEDERAL INVEST-MENT IN PRECISION MEDICINE AND BIOMEDICAL INNOVATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal investments in precision medicine and biomedical innovation, which may include biomedical research, creation of a national research cohort, or regulatory modernization, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 907. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent reso-lution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE EFFECTIVE FED-ERAL MANAGEMENT OF THE GRAY WOLF POPULATION IN THE WEST-ERN GREAT LAKES REGION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the effective Federal manage-ment of the gray wolf population in the western Great Lakes region, which may in-clude providing resources to Wildlife Serv-ices of the Animal and Plant Health Inspec-tion Service, Department of Agriculture, to resolve conflicts caused by gray wolves by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 908. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR THE IM-PROVEMENT AND ENHANCEMENT OF THE CAPABILITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES TO PREVENT AND RESPOND TO SEXUAL ASSAULT AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to support for the improvement and enhancement of the capabilities of the Armed Forces to prevent and respond to sex-ual assault and sexual harassment in the Armed Forces, which may include the collec-tion and retention of records to improve tracking and review of sexual assault claims in the Armed Forces, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 909. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself 
and Mr. R ISCH) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRESERVING FUND-ING FOR STATES TO DEVELOP AND MAINTAIN RECREATIONAL TRAILS AND TRAIL-RELATED FACILITIES FOR MOTORIZED AND NON-MOTORIZED RECREATIONAL TRAIL USES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preserving funding for States to develop and maintain recreational trails and trail-related facilities for motorized and non-motorized recreational trail uses by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 910. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ADVANCING INNOVA-TIONS IN LIFE SAVING TECH-NOLOGIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to advancing innovations in life sav-ing technologies which may include invest-ment in innovative technologies at public safety answering points, including next-gen-eration 911 technologies, or investing in such technologies, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the 
deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 911. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROMOTING THE OUT-DOOR ECONOMY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the outdoor economy, which may include efforts to produce eco-nomic data to accurately measure the eco-nomic benefits of public land and outdoor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.113 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1948 March 25, 2015 
space in the United States or provide support 
for the Centennial of the National Park Service, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 912. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PERMANENTLY RE-FORMING EMERGENCY UNEMPLOY-MENT INSURANCE PROGRAMS, IN-CLUDING THE EXTENDED BENEFIT PROGRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO HAVE EXHAUSTED THEIR REGULAR UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION DURING ECONOMIC DOWNTURNS. . 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a permanent ex-tended unemployment compensation pro-gram and reforming the Extended Benefits program for individuals who have exhausted their regular unemployment compensation during economic downturns by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 913. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENDING OFFSHORE TAX ABUSES BY LARGE CORPORA-TIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to corporate income taxes, which may include measures to end offshore tax abuses used by large corporations, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 914. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-
sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT THE FEDERAL PELL GRANT MAXIMUM KEEPS PACE WITH INFLATION. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the maximum Fed-eral Pell Grant award is adjusted for infla-tion by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 915. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST INCREAS-
ING THE COSTS TO BORROWERS IN THE FEDERAL STUDENT LOAN PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in 
order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would increase the cost to borrowers of Federal education loans made to students or on behalf of students, including a switch to fair value accounting rules. 
(b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) 
may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 916. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REFORMING THE ELE-MENTARY AND SECONDARY EDU-CATION ACT OF 1965 TO ESTABLISH ACCOUNTABILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR RESOURCE EQUITY. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-
gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the reauthorization of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require State and local educational agency accountability for providing fair, eq-uitable, and adequate access for all students to the core resources for learning, which may include high-quality instruction teams, rigorous academic standards, appropriate class sizes, and effective school library pro-grams, by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 917. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING FOR AN ADDITIONAL YEAR OF FEDERAL FUNDING FOR SHORT-TIME COM-PENSATION PROGRAMS, WHICH PRE-VENT LAYOFFS AND KEEP AMERI-CANS EMPLOYED. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to providing for an additional year of Federal funding for short-time compensa-tion programs, which prevent layoffs and keep Americans employed, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 918. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. K ING, Mr. L EAHY , 
and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 81, line 10, insert before the semi-
colon ‘‘, which may include weatherization and energy efficiency retrofit programs for low-income individuals’’. 
On page 81, line 12, insert before the semi-
colon ‘‘, which may include seasonal assist-ance, crisis fuel assistance, or other assist-ance to low-income individuals’’. 
SA 919. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.114 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1949 March 25, 2015 
budget for the United States Govern-
ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ELIMINATING DEDUC-TIONS FOR CORPORATE COMPENSA-TION IN EXCESS OF $1,000,000. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to excessive subsidization in the tax code of corporate compensation, which may include eliminating deductions for corporate compensation in excess of $1,000,000, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 920. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE GEO-GRAPHIC IMBALANCE IN FEDERAL RESEARCH FUNDING AND IMPROV-ING RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE AND CAPACITY THROUGHOUT THE STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to improving research infrastruc-ture and capacity in all States through the Experimental Program to Stimulate Com-petitive Research, which may include sup-port for States and jurisdictions which are historically underserved by Federal research and development funding, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 921. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PRESCRIPTION DRUG COSTS UNDER THE MEDICARE PRO-GRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prescription drug costs under the Medicare program, which may include mak-ing prescription drugs more affordable for seniors and for taxpayers by requiring the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate prescription drug costs under the Medicare program, particularly with in-verted corporations that benefit from Medi-care program reimbursements, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 922. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 101, strike line 24 and all that fol-
lows through page 105, line 8. 
SA 923. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ELIMINATING NEGA-TIVE SUBSIDIES IN THE FEDERAL STUDENT LOAN PROGRAM AND RE-DUCING COSTS FOR BORROWERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reforming the Federal student loan programs to eliminate negative sub-sidies and reduce costs for borrowers by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 924. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 104, line 9, insert ‘‘, including 
fraud, waste, abuse, and crime resulting from legislative deregulation and Government costs of responding to such results’’ before the period. 
SA 925. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE UNITED STATES CIVIL COURTS SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the United States civil courts system, including improvements to civil dis-covery rules that will contribute to the speedy and efficient resolution of disputes while protecting the rights of all litigants to a trial by jury, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 926. Mr. TILLIS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE THAT VOTING RIGHTS OF CITIZENS ARE NOT DENIED OR ABRIDGED ON ACCOUNT OF RACE, COLOR, OR PREVIOUS CONDITION OF SERVITUDE. 
The Chairman of the Senate Committee on 
the Budget may revise the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring that the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 927. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.118 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1950 March 25, 2015 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO APPROPRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE DIETARY GUIDELINES THAT RECOMMEND LEAN RED MEAT AS A SOURCE OF PROTEIN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the administration and develop-ment of dietary guidelines, which may in-clude changes to guidelines to clearly and accurately promote lean red meat as an im-portant source of protein in a healthy diet and prohibition of the use of sustainability as a factor when establishing dietary guide-lines, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 928. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and 
Mr. T HUNE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO CARBON EMISSIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports related to carbon emissions, which may in-clude prohibitions on Federal taxes or fees imposed on carbon emissions from any prod-uct or entity that is a direct or indirect source of emissions, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 929. Mr. CRAPO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING MEDI-CARE ADVANTAGE BY REVERSING OBAMACARE CUTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to protecting Medicare Advantage by reversing Obamacare’s massive cuts to the program, by the amounts provided in such legislation for such purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 930. Mr. CRAPO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PREVENTING TAX IN-CREASES ON FAMILIES WITH AN-NUAL INCOMES UNDER $250,000. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the repeal of any tax increases imposed pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that impact families earning less than $250,000 a year, which may include repealing taxes and fees imposed on the health care industry that may be passed on to consumers in the form of higher health care costs, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 931. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO STRENGTHENING WA-TERBORNE COMMERCE IN OUR PORTS AND HARBORS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-
tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening waterborne com-merce in our ports and harbors, which may include increasing the amounts expended from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund that are dedicated to port infrastructure and maintenance in accordance with section 2101(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 121), by the amounts provided in such legisla-tion for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 932. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A BI-ENNIAL BUDGET RESOLUTION PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a biennial budget resolution process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 933. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself 
and Ms. M IKULSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 321 submitted by Mr. I
SAKSON (for himself and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
and intended to be proposed to the con-current resolution S. Con. Res. 11, set-ting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2016 and setting forth the ap-propriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, strike line 2 and all that follows 
through page 2, line 2, and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ESTABLISHING A BI-ENNIAL BUDGET RESOLUTION PROCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to establishing a biennial budget resolution process, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that 
SA 934. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING MAR-KETING MATERIALS RELATING TO THE PATIENT PROTECTION AND AF-FORDABLE CARE ACT. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.115 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1951 March 25, 2015 
resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-
tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to Federal spending on health care reform promotional and marketing activi-ties, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 935. Mr. PAUL (for himself and 
Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 20, line 13, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 20, line 14, reduce the amount by 
$7,280,000. 
On page 20, line 17, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 20, line 18, reduce the amount by 
$9,520,000. 
On page 20, line 21, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 20, line 22, reduce the amount by 
$10,640,000. 
On page 20, line 25, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 1, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 4, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 5, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 8, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 9, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 12, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 13, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 16, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 17, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 20, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 21, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 24, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
On page 21, line 25, reduce the amount by 
$11,200,000. 
SA 936. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the 
following: 
SEC. 4 l. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST FUNDING 
PROGRAMS THAT HAVE BEEN EX-PIRED FOR MORE THAN 5 YEARS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall not be in order in 
Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that appro-priates amounts for a program for which the authorizing authority has been expired for more than 5 fiscal years. (b) P
OINT OF ORDER ; WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
In the Senate, a point of order under sub-section (a) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). A point of order under subsection (a) may be waived in accordance with the procedures under section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)) upon an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers duly chosen and sworn. 
SA 937. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), which may include prohibiting the Sec-retary of Agriculture from issuing new ex-emptions for fiscal year 2016 under section 6(o)(6) of that Act (7 U.S.C. 2015(o)(6)), by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 
2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 938. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING THE USE OF COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT FUNDS FOR THE PRO-VISION OF PUBLIC SERVICES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting the use of community development block grant funds for the provi-sion of public services (as defined in section 570.201(e) of title 24, Code of Federal Regula-tions) by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 939. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. 
Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REQUIRING THE SEC-RETARIES OF AGRICULTURE AND HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT TO DRAFT A PLAN TO CON-SOLIDATE CERTAIN HOUSING PRO-GRAMS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to requiring the Secretaries of Agri-culture and Housing and Urban Development to draft a plan to consolidate housing assist-ance provided under sections 502 and 523 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1472 and 1490c) and section 11 of the Housing Oppor-tunity Program Extension Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 12805 note) by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, pro-vided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 940. Mr. PAUL proposed an 
amendment to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 14, line 2, increase the amount by 
$76,513,000,000. 
On page 14, line 3, increase the amount by 
$48,578,000,000. 
On page 14, line 6, increase the amount by 
$112,990,000,000. 
On page 14, line 7, increase the amount by 
$87,604,000,000. 
On page 14, line 11, increase the amount by 
$29,603,000,000. 
On page 14, line 15, increase the amount by 
$11,863,000,000. 
On page 14, line 19, increase the amount by 
$6,396,000,000. 
On page 14, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,274,000,000. 
On page 15, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$15,750,000,000. 
On page 15, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$21,000,000,000. 
On page 15, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$19,950,000,000. 
On page 16, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$4,998,000,000. 
On page 16, line 7, decrease the amount by 
$15,498,000,000. 
On page 16, line 11, decrease the amount by 
$14,700,000,000. 
On page 17, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$9,100,000,000. 
On page 17, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$14,000,000,000. 
On page 17, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$11,900,000,000. 
On page 17, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$4,200,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.120 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1952 March 25, 2015 
On page 17, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$2,100,000,000. 
On page 18, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$700,000,000. 
On page 20, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$6,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$10,000,000,000. 
On page 20, line 18, decrease the amount by 
$8,500,000,000. 
On page 20, line 22, decrease the amount by 
$3,000,000,000. 
On page 21, line 1, decrease the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 21, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$500,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, decrease the amount by 
$10,920,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$20,000,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, decrease the amount by 
$13,720,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, decrease the amount by 
$3,080,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, decrease the amount by 
$280,000,000. 
On page 33, line 19, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 20, decrease the amount by 
$29,520,000,000. 
On page 33, line 23, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 33, line 24, decrease the amount by 
$41,000,000,000. 
On page 34, line 3, decrease the amount by 
$11,480,000,000. 
SA 941. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. 
MURRAY , and Mr. R EID) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE ACCESS TO PRIMARY CARE FOR WOMEN AND CHILDREN. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to ensuring adequate access to pri-mary care services furnished under Medicaid through increased Federal payments for pri-mary care services, especially those that are essential for women and children, by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 942. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ARRESTING THE SPREAD OF THE HIV/AIDS EPIDEMIC IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing infectious disease to arrest the spread of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in the United States, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 943. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO REDUCING THE INCI-DENCE OF DIABETES AMONG PRE- DIABETIC MEDICARE BENE-FICIARIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to reducing the incidence of diabe-tes among pre-diabetic Medicare bene-ficiaries by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 944. Mr. NELSON (for himself and 
Mr. S CHATZ ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . POINT OF ORDER AGAINST USING 
TAX DOLLARS TO CENSOR PUB-LICLY-FUNDED CLIMATE SCIENCE. 
It shall not be in order in the Senate to 
consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that would cen-sor or otherwise limit the ability of any Fed-eral employee or Federal agency to use in of-ficial documents or presentations terms common in scientific literature describing atmospheric, climate, weather, or oceanic processes, including terms relevant to changes in the global climate system or other risks to human health, the environ-ment, and the economy related to air pollu-tion. SA 945. Mr. COONS (for himself and 
Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SUPPORTING EF-FORTS TO ELIMINATE DISCRIMINA-TION BASED ON SEXUAL ORIENTA-TION, GENDER IDENTITY, SOURCE OF INCOME, MARITAL STATUS, MILI-TARY OR VETERAN STATUS, RACE, COLOR, RELIGION, SEX, HANDICAP, FAMILIAL STATUS, OR NATIONAL ORIGIN IN HOUSING. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to supporting efforts to eliminate discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, marital status, military or veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial sta-tus, or national origin in housing by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 946. Mr. COONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO INCREASING SUPPORT FOR PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNER-SHIPS THAT HELP MAKE SMALL, ME-DIUM, AND RURAL MANUFACTURERS MORE COMPETITIVE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to increasing support for public-pri-vate partnerships that help make small, me-dium, and rural manufacturers more com-petitive by the amounts provided in such leg-islation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the def-icit over either the period of the total of fis-cal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 947. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.122 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1953 March 25, 2015 
which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO SMALL BUSINESS TAX RELIEF. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to small business tax relief, which may include a permanent increase of the sec-tion 179 small business expensing allowance to $1,000,000 or an increase in the investment limitation to $2,500,000, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 948. Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. 
INHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROHIBITING FED-ERAL AGENCIES FROM IMPLE-MENTING THE FEDERAL FLOOD RISK MANAGEMENT STANDARD. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prohibiting Federal agencies from making preparations to issue, admin-ister, or implement the Federal Flood Risk Management Standard by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 949. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROVIDING GREATER DISCRETION TO STATES WITH RE-SPECT TO INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
relating to providing States with greater dis-cretion with respect to improving infrastruc-ture, expediting infrastructure project deliv-ery, or reducing unnecessary environmental regulatory delays with respect to infrastruc-ture projects, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 950. Mr. M CCONNELL (for him-
self, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. P AUL, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. K ING, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B URR, Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. G RAHAM , Ms. C OLLINS , 
and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO PROMOTING THE RE-TURN OF CHILDREN WHO HAVE BEEN LEGALLY ADOPTED BY UNITED STATES CITIZENS FROM THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to promoting the return of children who have been legally adopted by United States citizens from the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 951. Mr. SANDERS (for Mrs. M UR-
RAY (for herself, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. U DALL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , and Mr. S CHUMER )) pro-
posed an amendment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 5, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 7, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 12, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 5, line 13, increase the amount by 
$3,900,000,000. On page 5, line 14, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 5, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 5, line 21, increase the amount by 
$3,100,000,000. 
On page 5, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,300,000,000. 
On page 5, line 23, increase the amount by 
$3,400,000,000. 
On page 5, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,500,000,000. 
On page 5, line 25, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 6, line 1, increase the amount by 
$3,900,000,000. 
On page 6, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,000,000,000. 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,309,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$5,941,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$7,907,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$9,508,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,309,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$5,941,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$7,907,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$9,508,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,809,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,141,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,807,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$6,208,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, decrease the amount by 
$2,831,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, decrease the amount by 
$4,063,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, decrease the amount by 
$3,398,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, decrease the amount by 
$3,734,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, decrease the amount by 
$3,956,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,125,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$6,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,073,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.121 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1954 March 25, 2015 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$17,281,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$14,450,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$10,387,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$6,989,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$3,255,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, decrease the amount by 
$701,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,316,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,125,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$6,266,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,073,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$17,281,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$14,450,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$10,387,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$6,989,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,255,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, decrease the amount by 
$701,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$1,300,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,300,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,250,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$3,250,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$5,780,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$5,780,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$7,580,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$7,580,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$8,960,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$8,960,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$59,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$59,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$161,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$161,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$327,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$327,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$548,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$569,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$437,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$302,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$166,000,000. On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$44,000,000. 
SA 952. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) proposed an amend-
ment to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to trade agreements, which may in-clude measures ensuring that trade agree-ments put United States manufacturers on a level playing field with manufacturers in for-eign countries with low environmental and wage standards, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 953. Mr. MERKLEY proposed an 
amendment to the concurrent resolu-tion S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; as follows: 
On page 6, line 6, increase the amount by 
$2,031,000,000. 
On page 6, line 7, increase the amount by 
$3,776,000,000. 
On page 6, line 8, increase the amount by 
$4,147,000,000. 
On page 6, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,479 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 10, increase the amount by 
$4,785,000,000. 
On page 6, line 11, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 6, line 12, increase the amount by 
$5,404,000,000. 
On page 6, line 13, increase the amount by 
$5,735,000,000. 
On page 6, line 14, increase the amount by 
$6,075,000,000. 
On page 6, line 15, increase the amount by 
$6,387,000,000. 
On page 6, line 19, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 6, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,876 ,000,000. 
On page 6, line 21, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 6, line 22, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
On page 6, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 6, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 6, line 25, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 1, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 2, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 3, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. On page 7, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 8, increase the amount by 
$2,876,000,000. 
On page 7, line 9, increase the amount by 
$3,577,000,000. 
On page 7, line 10, increase the amount by 
$3,899,000,000. 
On page 7, line 11, increase the amount by 
$4,195,000,000. 
On page 7, line 12, increase the amount by 
$4,490,000,000. 
On page 7, line 13, increase the amount by 
$4,784,000,000. 
On page 7, line 14, increase the amount by 
$5,095,000,000. 
On page 7, line 15, increase the amount by 
$5,420,000,000. 
On page 7, line 16, increase the amount by 
$5,712,000,000. 
On page 7, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 7, line 22, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 7, line 23, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 7, line 24, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 7, line 25, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 1, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 2, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 3, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 4, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 5, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 8, line 8, increase the amount by 
$1,266,000,000. 
On page 8, line 9, increase the amount by 
$4,142,000,000. 
On page 8, line 10, increase the amount by 
$7,719,000,000. 
On page 8, line 11, increase the amount by 
$11,618,000,000. 
On page 8, line 12, increase the amount by 
$15,813,000,000. 
On page 8, line 13, increase the amount by 
$20,303,000,000. 
On page 8, line 14, increase the amount by 
$25,087,000,000. 
On page 8, line 15, increase the amount by 
$30,182,000,000. 
On page 8, line 16, increase the amount by 
$35,602,000,000. 
On page 8, line 17, increase the amount by 
$41,314,000,000. 
On page 28, line 20, increase the amount by 
$2,015,000,000. 
On page 28, line 21, increase the amount by 
$1,250 ,000,000. 
On page 28, line 24, increase the amount by 
$3,700,000,000. 
On page 28, line 25, increase the amount by 
$2,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 3, increase the amount by 
$3,945,000,000. 
On page 29, line 4, increase the amount by 
$3,375,000,000. 
On page 29, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,125,000,000. 
On page 29, line 8, increase the amount by 
$3,545,000,000. 
On page 29, line 11, increase the amount by 
$ 4,270,000,000. 
On page 29, line 12, increase the amount by 
$3,680,000,000. 
On page 29, line 15, increase the amount by 
$4,405,000,000. 
On page 29, line 16, increase the amount by 
$3,800,000,000. 
On page 29, line 19, increase the amount by 
$4,530,000,000. 
On page 29, line 20, increase the amount by 
$3,910,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.130 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1955 March 25, 2015 
On page 29, line 23, increase the amount by 
$4,665,000,000. 
On page 29, line 24, increase the amount by 
$4,025,000,000. 
On page 30, line 2, increase the amount by 
$4,795,000,000. 
On page 30, line 3, increase the amount by 
$4,140,000,000. 
On page 30, line 6, increase the amount by 
$4,925,000,000. 
On page 30, line 7, increase the amount by 
$4,250,000,000. 
On page 42, line 2, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 3, increase the amount by 
$16,000,000. 
On page 42, line 6, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 7, increase the amount by 
$76,000,000. 
On page 42, line 10, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 11, increase the amount by 
$202,000,000. 
On page 42, line 14, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 15, increase the amount by 
$354,000,000. 
On page 42, line 18, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 19, increase the amount by 
$515,000,000. 
On page 42, line 22, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 42, line 23, increase the amount by 
$690,000,000. 
On page 43, line 2, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 3, increase the amount by 
$874,000,000. 
On page 43, line 6, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 7, increase the amount by 
$1,070,000,000. 
On page 43, line 10, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 11, increase the amount by 
$1,280,000,000. 
On page 43, line 14, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
On page 43, line 15, increase the amount by 
$1,462,000,000. 
SA 954. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO THE REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES THAT PAID TO KEEP UNITS OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYS-TEM OPEN DURING THE PARTIAL GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN IN OCTO-BER 2013. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to affirming the Federal responsi-bility for units of the National Park System, which may include reimbursing States that paid to keep units of the National Park Sys-tem open during the partial Government shutdown in October 2013 by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not in-
crease the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 955. Mr. SESSIONS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROHIBIT ALIENS WITHOUT LAWFUL STATUS IN THE UNITED STATES FROM QUALIFYING FOR FEDERAL BENEFITS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to benefits for aliens without lawful status in the United States, which may in-clude prohibiting such aliens from qualifying for Social Security and Medicare, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 956. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
TO PROTECT THE CONTENT OF AMERICANS’ E-MAILS FROM UNWAR-RANTED ACCESS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to e-mail privacy, which may in-clude a requirement that law enforcement agencies obtain a search warrant to access the contents of e-mail communications, or otherwise satisfy an exception to the war-rant requirement such as an emergency, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legisla-tion would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 957. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; 
as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO ENSURING THAT EACH STATE HAS NO MORE THAN ONE FEDERAL MEDICAL ASSIST-ANCE PERCENTAGE (FMAP) RATE FOR COVERAGE OF ALL OF THE STATE’S MEDICAID BENEFICIARIES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to addressing Federal Medical As-sistance Percentage (FMAP) rate discrep-ancies within States, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for that purpose, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 958. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
BROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SPENDING-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND 
RELATING TO PROTECTING UNITED STATES WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to protecting the wages and employ-ment of United States workers, which may include measures to require employers to re-cruit or retain qualified United States work-ers before petitioning for H-1B foreign guest workers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not raise new revenue and would not increase the deficit over ei-ther the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 959. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO REFORMING THE EB–5 IMMIGRANT INVESTOR PROGRAM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.125 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1956 March 25, 2015 
relating to reforms to the EB–5 immigrant 
investor regional center program, which may include ensuring that the adjudication of such benefits is not done under political in-fluence or to provide preferential treatment to certain petitioners, by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not in-crease the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the pe-riod of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 960. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND RE-
LATING TO A MANDATORY ELEC-TRONIC EMPLOYMENT VERIFICATION SYSTEM. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to a mandatory electronic employ-ment verification system by the amounts provided in such legislation for those pur-poses, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 961. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENSURE THE HEALTH AND SECU-RITY OF AMERICAN WORKERS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to preserving employee wellness programs that both provide financial incen-tives to employees who take steps to im-prove their health and reduce health care costs, and ensure necessary employee rights and protections, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 962. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary 
levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENHANCE PROSECUTION OF THOSE WHO TRANSFER A FIREARM KNOW-ING OR HAVING REASONABLE CAUSE TO BELIEVE THAT SUCH FIREARM WILL BE USED TO COMMIT AN OFFENSE UNDER CHAPTER 77 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, (RE-LATING TO PEONAGE, SLAVERY, AND TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS). 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prosecuting those who supply firearms to human traffickers, which may include enhancing the prosecution of those who transfer firearms knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that such fire-arms will be used to commit a crime of human trafficking or increasing penalties for such transfers, by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes, provided 
that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 963. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENABLE TRANSFER OF ATF EN-FORCEMENT FUNCTIONS TO THE FBI. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to transferring enforcement author-ity over firearms laws to the Federal Bureau of Investigation by the amounts provided in such legislation for that purpose provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 964. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
ENHANCE PROSECUTION OF THOSE WHO TRANSFER A FIREARM KNOW-ING OR HAVING REASONABLE CAUSE TO BELIEVE THAT SUCH FIREARM WILL BE USED TO COMMIT A CRIME OF VIOLENCE, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 924(c)(3) OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to prosecuting those who supply firearms to violent criminals, which may in-clude enhancing the prosecution of those who transfer firearms knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that such fire-arms will be used to commit a crime of vio-lence or increasing penalties for such trans-fers, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
SA 965. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3 ll. DEFICIT-NEUTRAL RESERVE FUND TO 
PROTECT THE INTEGRITY OF ELEC-TIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the 
Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution for one or more bills, joint resolu-tions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to strengthening and reforming campaign finance laws, which may include limits on corporate campaign expenditures, or expanding disclosure and transparency of contributions and expenditures in such elec-tions, by the amounts provided in such legis-lation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would not increase the deficit over either the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 or the period of the total of fiscal years 2016 through 2025. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘FSOC Accountability: Nonbank Des-ignations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation be authorized to meet during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.124 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1957 March 25, 2015 
the session of the Senate on March 25, 
2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 2:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 6:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Securing the Border: Under-standing and Addressing the Root Causes of Central American Migration to the United States.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Special Com-mittee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fight Against Alzheimer’s Dis-ease: Are We on Track to a Treatment by 2025.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON STRATEGIC FORCES  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 25, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my intern, Robert Kollenberg, be granted the privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL CONGENITAL DIA-
PHRAGMATIC HERNIA AWARE-NESS MONTH 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 115, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 115) designating April 
2015 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 115) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the reappointment of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Dr. Steven Zink of Nevada. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
MARCH 26, 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-
journ until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 26; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 11; further, that all debate time on the budget resolu-tion be considered expired at 12 noon. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. GARDNER. If there is no further 
business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:08 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, March 26, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
JEFFREY MICHAEL PRIETO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE 
GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE, VICE RAMONA EMILIA ROMERO, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KATHLEEN ANN DOHERTY, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
HANS G. KLEMM, OF MICHIGAN, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO ROMANIA. 
LUCY TAMLYN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BENIN. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH ANDERSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ENLISTED MEMBERS FOR 
REGULAR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ARPANA JAIN KAPIL KOHLI RAMA KRISHNA 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NAWAZ K. A. HACK ROBERT P. RUTTER, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A25MR6.123 S25MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E403 March 25, 2015 
IN HONOR OF THE TWENTY-FIFTH 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE JAMES MARTIN CENTER FOR NON-PROLIFERATION STUDIES AT THE MIDDLEBURY INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL STUDIES IN MONTEREY, CALIFORNIA 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the twenty-fifth anniversary of the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Stud-ies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies in Monterey, California. Sixty years ago, MIIS was founded as a graduate school that would promote international under-standing through the study of language and culture. Even though our world is much more complex and interconnected, our democratic objectives of global peace and security are still best advanced when Americans understand other cultures and can speak to non-English speakers in their own language. 
And the Center for Nonproliferation Studies 
has been at the nexus of peace and security issues for more than two decades. The Center provides professional education to both U.S. and international students on critical global issues dealing with regional security, terrorist motivations, the science and technology of weapons of mass destruction, and innovations in analytical tools and methods. As the world’s first graduate degree program that teaches the knowledge and skills needed to curtail the spread of weapons of mass destruction (WMD), CNS has been at the forefront of United States leadership on the threat that weapons of mass destruction pose against global security. CNS has safeguarded not only our nation, but also the world. 
It is not enough that the United States be at 
the forefront of weapons technology to counter the threat of weapons of mass destruction. We must also focus on strategy and diplomacy in order to make meaningful policy that promotes nonproliferation and disarmament worldwide. CNS, under the leadership of its founding di-rector, Dr. William C. Potter, has excelled at the nexus of global policy and diplomacy by cultivating world-class nonproliferation leaders for the classroom and providing CNS students with unique academic assignments outside the classroom. 
Mr. Speaker, for twenty-five years, CNS sig-
nificantly advanced the security of the nation and strengthened international partnerships that build peace. The importance of continuing that progress is even more important in to-day’s uncertain world. Will the world be safe for our children and grandchildren? As long as rogue nations possess weapons of mass de-struction, we will face challenges, but those challenges are being addressed by the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies by educating nonproliferation leaders of tomor-row. I commend the Center for all its accom-plishments over the last twenty-five years and 
I look forward to its continued distinguished service to our country into the future. 
f 
AYLA CHARNESS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Ayla Charness for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ayla Charness is an 8th grader at Oberon Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Ayla 
Charness is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Ayla 
Charness for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PEDERNALES ELEC-
TRIC COOPERATIVE EMPLOYEES 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I 
want to recognize three power linemen from Pedernales Electric Cooperative in my district for their service and for putting into action co-operative principle #6—cooperation among co-operatives—in Haiti. Marshall Verette, Andrew Ridge and Mark Moreno volunteered to go to Haiti last February to work with Haiti’s first electric cooperative, the Cooperative Electrique de l’Arrondisement des Coteaux (CEAC). This work was part of a rural elec-trification project through the NRECA Inter-national Foundation with support from the United Nations Environmental Program and USAID. 
They spent two weeks in the town of 
Coteaux to help build a distribution system that will connect three towns. Upon comple-tion, the diesel-solar hybrid electric system will provide safe, affordable and reliable power to 1600 consumers. Their contributions included upgrading lines, installing new lines and serv-ice drops, and training locally hired lineman in proper construction methods, pole climbing techniques, proper handline use, and impor-tant safety practices. Electricity is a critical ele-ment in improving the quality of life and in pro-viding health care, education, access to clean 
water and economic opportunity. In Haiti, less than 15 percent of the population has regular access to electricity. 
In appreciation of all they have done, Mr. 
Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in thanking them for their humanitarian efforts. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHUCK 
MAULDEN’S ACT OF KINDNESS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and express appreciation for the kind acts of Mr. Chuck Maulden, an emergency de-partment nurse at the Salisbury Veterans Af-fairs Medical Center. 
We are all well aware of the tragic backlog 
for benefit applications and long wait times at VA hospitals that affect so many veterans across our country. 
We spend more money today on the VA 
than at any point before, but too much of this money is spent on the bureaucracy in Wash-ington and not enough at our hospitals and most importantly on veterans themselves. 
In spite of this problem, we are thankful for 
the effort and hard work by caregivers like Chuck. 
Chuck recently attended to a Vietnam vet-
eran in his 60s who had severe pain and bad blisters on his feet. 
When Chuck saw the veteran’s tattered 
shoes with holes worn through the soles he took action. 
Chuck bandaged the veteran’s feet and 
then—in an act of servanthood—gave him the brand new shoes off of his own feet. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope Chuck’s actions 
inspire us all to lend a helping hand to those in need, especially to our nation’s heroes. 
I hope Chuck’s selflessness will inspire us 
to work to better serve the veterans in our communities. 
I commend Chuck for his act of service. I 
am proud to represent him and the veterans he serves. 
f 
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF THE 
JOB CORPS PROGRAM 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to con-
gratulate the Job Corps program on 50 years of dedicated support of our young Americans. Furthermore, 2015 marks five decades of am-bition and hope for our young Mainers in Ban-gor and Limestone, and throughout the United States of America. 
Maine’s Job Corps programs are vital for 
preparing young people in the Great State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MR8.001 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E404 March 25, 2015 
Maine for employment and further education. 
It is an honor to strongly support their mission to better the lives of Mainers through technical and academic training. 
Since its first class of students in 1997, the 
Loring Job Corps program has helped Maine students earn high school diplomas, construct careers, and obtain great jobs. 
The Penobscot Job Corps has maintained 
the same mission for 35 years. Education and community service alike are two cornerstones of the Penobscot program, which prides itself on staff and students giving back to the com-munity around them. The program’s accredita-tion with the New England Association of Schools & Colleges in 2007 only enhanced its ability to reach out and enrich the lives of young Mainers. 
The Job Corps Program encourages the 
vital education and creativity of bright young students throughout the county. It is with great pride and appreciation that I congratulate the Job Corps Program for half a century of crit-ical work. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN 
CHARLES RUSH 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday March 25, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Mr. Charles Rush, an excep-tional Alabamian who set an example of lead-ership for all to follow. His lifetime of dedica-tion and service stands as a monument to the exemplary man he was, and his gallantry in battle continues to inspire future generations. 
Rush was born in Greensboro, a small farm-
ing town in west Alabama. When he was seven, his family moved to Dothan, Alabama where he went to elementary and high school. 
After completing high school at the Gulf 
Coast Military Academy in Gulfport, Mis-sissippi, Rush was awarded an appointment to the U. S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Mary-land. Graduating in 1941, he was then as-signed duty aboard a destroyer and stationed at Pearl Harbor. Later, Rush volunteered for submarine duty where he completed a total of seven patrols with the USS Thresher and the 
USS Billfish . 
In 1943, three enemy destroyers attacked 
the Billfish , bombarding it with depth charges 
for twelve hours. During this terrifying attack, the ship’s commanders became unable to en-sure the safety of the submarine. Then Lieu-tenant Rush took control of the situation, out-smarted the enemy destroyers, and helped lead the submarine and all of the men aboard to safety. Nearly sixty years after the attack, Rush was awarded the Navy Cross in 2002— an honor insisted upon by his fellow crew members of the USS Billfish on board during 
the attack. 
Captain Rush was a friend, mentor, re-
spected colleague, and gentleman to many, and will be remembered for his courage and integrity. Captain Rush passed on February 27th, 2015, just shy of his 96th birthday. He is survived by LaVonne, his wife of 39 years, children, grandchildren and great grand-children, and a host of other family members. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF AGAT VICE MAYOR AGUSTIN G. QUINTANILLA 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Agustin ‘‘Dinga’’ G. Quintanilla who served as the Vice Mayor of the village of Agat. Vice Mayor Quintanilla passed away on March 19, 2015 at the age of 52. 
Vice Mayor Quintanilla was born on August 
8, 1962 to Jesus Taitano Quintanilla and Remedios Guzman Quintanilla. He graduated from the Guam Community College and short-ly thereafter began his career with the United States Navy Guam Ship Repair Facility and U.S. Navy Public Works as a welder. He con-tinued his career as a welder with Raytheon 
and then with DZSP as a combination welder. 
Mr. Quintanilla was appointed the vice 
mayor of Agat in 2009 by Governor Felix Camacho, and was subsequently elected and reelected to the position. He has always had close ties to the community. As the vice mayor, he played a crucial role in expanding the village park and pavilion, ‘‘Sagan Bisita’’ and coordinating the village float entry for the annual Liberation Parade, garnering awards in 2009 and 2010. 
Vice Mayor Quintanilla will always be re-
membered for his generosity and willingness to help those in need and the community he loved. During Chamorro Month, Vice Mayor Quintanilla would celebrate the Chamorro cul-ture by building traditional huts at the neigh-boring Guam Naval Base. Always a humble and giving man, Vice Mayor Quintanilla also constructed benches for both the Agat gym and baseball field. 
Prior to serving as vice mayor, Mr. 
Quintanilla was an active member of the Agat Municipal Planning Council since 1996. He also held numerous positions in community or-ganizations such as the Agat Santa Ana Ran-cheros Association, Marcial Sablan Elemen-tary School Parent Teacher Association, the Agat Cardinals Baseball Team, and the West-ern Visayas College of Science and Tech-nology Association-Guam Chapter. 
Though Vice Mayor Quintanilla stayed busy 
with all his duties and community organiza-tions, he always remained an active parish-ioner of the Mount Carmel Catholic Church and Santa Ana Chapel in Agat. Vice Mayor Quintanilla could always be found cooking be-hind the scenes for both church and village events. He was even a vital part of the build-ing of the Santa Ana Chapel as a part of the Santa Ana Association. 
I am deeply saddened by the passing of 
Vice Mayor Quintanilla, and I join the people of Guam in celebrating his life and recognizing his dedicated service to Guam. My thoughts and prayers are with his daughters, Julianna, Alianna, and Nikita, and his loved ones and friends. He will be missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF 
CHRISTOPHER ‘‘CB’’ BOBBY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, this past 
week, the people of the Mahoning Valley suf-fered a great loss with the passing of former Tribune Chronicle reporter Christopher ‘‘CB’’ Bobby. CB covered the Trumbull County Courthouse for decades and was known in the area for being fair, honest, and compas-sionate. Mr. Bobby truly cared for the people in his stories and wrote for the purpose of in-forming the public of the important issues af-fecting the daily lives of citizens. 
Brenda Linert, the editor of the Tribune 
Chronicle, wrote a brief story about her en-dearment for Chris; and I believe her senti-ments express perfectly the gratitude that the people of Warren, Ohio and the Mahoning Valley have for Chris and his dedication to the people and their stories. 
HONORING MEMORIES OF NEWSROOM LEGEND  
(By Brenda Linert) 
We buried our friend this week. If you are 
a regular reader, no doubt you know by now that we, at the Tribune Chronicle, are mourning the unexpected death of Chris-topher ‘‘CB’’ Bobby, the veteran Tribune Chronicle reporter who for decades has cov-ered news originating in the Trumbull Coun-ty Courthouse. CB had an air about him that made people love him as a person and as a friend. As a journalist, CB was an old-school newsman. 
Those who sat near him in the ‘‘Bobby 
Acres’’ section of the newsroom (Chris, of course, was the mayor) can attest to the fact that CB grumbled a lot, often about new de-mands of the newspaper industry that he had become a part of 41 years ago. Chris would begrudgingly complete extra assignments, like those for special sections, referring to them as his ‘‘term papers’’. 
I don’t believe his rants and frustrations 
ever came because CB disliked work. It was, rather, because he disliked work that took him away from what he felt was really im-portant—telling his readers the stories that needed to be told. He knew the stories of court cases were come not by just quickly pulling filings off electronic court dockets or trolling social media, as many young report-ers do today. Chris would tell you that’s not the way to find stories about people. And he tried his best to share that skill without ever belittling or condescending. 
Throughout the decades, CB took an un-
told number of fresh-faced young reporters (myself included some 20 years ago) to the courthouse to teach them his secrets of cov-ering a trial. In every instance, including mine, the cub reporter would enter the courtroom, slide into a pew beside CB and proceed to bury his or her face in a reporter notebook, scrawling away, never taking a moment to look up or even breathe. 
And just like the day CB took me to court. 
He would shake his head, lean over and whis-per something like, ‘‘What the heck are you doing? Put down the notebook and listen.’’ With reluctance, I followed his instructions, fearing he was wrong and I’d miss something incredibly important. Each time I’d try to ease the notebook back into my hand, he’d shake his head disapprovingly. He knew, you see, the importance of simply listening and watching and understanding. That’s how a good journalist is able to tell a story. 
When CB told his stories they were about 
the people. He told them with authority, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR8.016 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E405 March 25, 2015 
apolitically and unapologetically. David 
Addis, a former Trib reporter who worked with CB in the late 1970s, last week described him like this: ‘‘Even then, Chris’ strongest point was that he simply cared about the story, and the people behind the story. He was the most apolitical reporter I ever worked with—he didn’t give a tinker’s damn about the office politics, city politics or any higher sphere of politics. It’s probably why people came to trust him. He was honest, considerate, compassionate and simply want-ed to get it right.’’ 
That was true until the end. As former 
Trib reporter Mike Scott put it, ‘‘CB was the heart and soul of the Tribune Chronicle for decades . . . and a great reporter and mentor for generations of reporters.’’ What may be most disheartening is to consider all the new, young reporters that will join us going forward who never will have the benefit of working with CB. Sure, we will publish a newspaper every day. We will move forward, because we must. But it won’t be easy, and this newsroom will never be the same. Rest in peace, my friend. 
f 
HONORING JIMMY ‘‘DUCK’’ 
HOLMES 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a talented man, Mr. Jimmy ‘‘Duck’’ Holmes. Jimmy has shown what can be done through hard work, dedica-tion and a desire to be a trailblazer. 
Jimmy ‘‘Duck’’ Holmes was born to share-
croppers Carey and Mary Holmes in 1947, the year before they opened the Blue Front Cafe ´. 
He was one of ten children and his parents also raised four children of Mary’s deceased sister. 
Jimmy ‘‘Duck’’ Holmes is the proprietor of 
one of the oldest juke joints in Mississippi, the Blue Front in Bentonia. In the mid-2000s he began performing blues actively after many years of performing casually, and has already garnered several awards and many accolades. He is a practitioner and conscious advocate of a distinctive blues style from his hometown whose most famous proponent was blues pio-neer Skip James. 
Holmes, who never met Skip James, stud-
ied the music of Owens, learning songs in-cluding ‘‘Cherry Ball’’, ‘‘Hard Times’’, ‘‘I’d Rath-er Be the Devil’’, but didn’t perform very ac-tively until relatively recently. He promoted blues through the founding in 1972 of the Bentonia Blues Festival, which took place an-nually until the mid-’90s and was revived in 2006. He took over the Blue Front in 1970 after the death of his father, and beginning in the ’80s the cafe ´became a popular destina-
tion for blues tourists, including annual visits by busloads of Japanese fans. In 1995 a com-mercial for Levi’s 501 jeans was filmed there. 
Various blues researchers including Alan 
Lomax recorded Holmes beginning at least in the ’70s, but until recently his only vocal ap-pearance on record was one song, ‘‘Devil’s Blues’’, that he performed together with Cornelius Bright and which appeared on the Austrian Wolf label compilation album ‘‘Giants of Country Blues’’ Volume 2. In 2006 the St. Louis-based record label ‘‘Broke & Hungry’’ re-leased Holmes’ debut CD ‘‘Back to Bentonia’’. He was joined on the record by Spires and 
drummer, Sam Carr, and in addition to some original songs, Holmes also covered the Bentonia standards ‘‘Hard Times’’ and ‘‘I’d Rather Be the Devil’’. 
The CD was well received, and garnered 
several Living Blues Awards and to multiple festival bookings, including the Chicago Blues Festival and the Arkansas Blues and Heritage Festival. Holmes, who normally works as an educator, has traditionally been a somewhat reluctant performer, but has enjoyed the op-portunity to share his music and talk about the Bentonia tradition. ‘‘You don’t get nervous when you’re doing your hobby,’’ he says of performing. 
In 2007 ‘‘Broke and Hungry’’ released a 
second CD, ‘‘Done Got Tired of Tryin’ ’’, which followed a similar formula, and included James’ ‘‘Cherry Ball’’. The CD was nominated for a 2008 Blues Music Award for Acoustic Album of the Year, and National Public Radio listed it as one of the ‘‘Top 10 Blues Albums’’ of the year. Holmes also received national publicity in August 2007 when a Mississippi Blues Trail historic marker was dedicated in honor of the Blue Front Cafe ´. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Jimmy ‘‘Duck’’ Holmes a tal-ented and creative Blues Guitarist & Vocalist. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
133. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BRENT MACKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Brent Macke for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Brent has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything he does, and his exem-plary work with Holmes Murphy & Associates is a testament to that. As an account execu-tive and shareholder with Holmes Murphy & Associates, Brent realizes the importance of giving back to the community. He has dedi-cated his time and talents to serve others through organizations like Junior Achievement of Central Iowa, Variety—The Children’s Char-
ity, the Ankeny High School mentorship pro-gram and Easter Seals of Iowa. In all aspects of his life, Brent is a leader and an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Brent in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Brent on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. BARRY 
SHEPHERD’S CAREER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Barry Shepherd for his faithful serv-ice as the Superintendent of the Cabarrus County School system in the 8th Congres-sional District of North Carolina. 
When Dr. Shepherd became Superintendent 
in 2008, he brought a unique vision that trans-formed Cabarrus County Schools during many challenging years. In spite of reductions in funding, Dr. Shepherd continually emphasized the value of people and his students. 
As a result of this approach, students from 
Cabarrus County Schools are scoring higher on end-of-year assessments, graduation rates have increased, and the school system was able to open eight new schools during his ten-ure. 
Today, Cabarrus County Schools boasts 
some of the most unique learning experiences offered in the country. Specifically, Cabarrus County Schools has a partnership with the Center for International Understanding at the University of North Carolina called Confucius Classrooms. This program features a recip-rocal agreement where teachers and adminis-trators from Cabarrus County visit schools in China to fine tune best practices in education. As part of this program, Chinese educators come to Cabarrus County Schools to learn from their successes as well. 
Dr. Shepherd is a native of Wilkes County, 
North Carolina, and received a Bachelor’s De-gree in Music Education and a Master’s De-gree in Educational Leadership from Appa-lachian State University in Boone, North Caro-lina. He went on to receive his Doctoral De-gree in Education from Columbia University in New York. 
Dr. Shepherd served as Superintendent of 
Elkin City Schools and as Assistant Super-intendent in the Mooresville Graded School District before arriving in Cabarrus County. He also held various administrative positions in the Iredell-Statesville Schools, Lexington City Schools, and Thomasville City Schools. 
It is truly an honor to extend these remarks 
congratulating Dr. Shepherd on his retirement and to thank him for his esteemed service to our local community as a visionary educator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25MR8.019 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E406 March 25, 2015 
AIREONNA JENSEN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Aireonna Jen-sen for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Aireonna Jensen is an 8th grader at North Ar-vada Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Aireonna 
Jensen is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Aireonna Jensen for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JIM 
MCCLELLAND FOR HIS 41 YEARS 
OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO GOODWILL INDUSTRIES OF CEN-TRAL INDIANA 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the extraordinary career and accomplishments of Jim McClelland. For more than four decades, Jim served as Presi-dent and CEO of Goodwill Industries of Cen-tral Indiana. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Con-gressional District and central Indiana are for-ever grateful for Jim’s community leadership. 
Jim has spent most of his professional life 
with Goodwill. After receiving his Bachelor of Industrial Engineering degree from Georgia Tech and his MBA from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University, he served in the military for three years. He then began his career with Goodwill and has been with the company ever since. He started with the com-pany in 1970 in Texas and moved to Indianap-olis in 1973 to work with then-President and CEO Alan McNeil. Alan, a role model to Jim, tragically passed away less than a year after Jim moved to Indiana. Jim was named his successor and has been building and devel-oping the organization ever since. Goodwill In-dustries of Central Indiana has only had three CEO’s since its founding in 1930 and Jim has been at the helm since 1974. 
Goodwill of Central Indiana has blossomed 
under Jim’s leadership. He clearly has a true passion for Goodwill’s mission and is an out-standing leader and social entrepreneur. When he first joined the Indianapolis team, the nonprofit had 558 employees, eight retail stores, and $3 million in revenue. Today, the company has more than 3,100 employees, 55 retail stores, 10 commercial sites, 10 charter high schools, and $310 million in revenue. All profits from the retail side go back into improv-ing the community. With these profits, Jim 
launched many social services aimed at re-ducing the long-term effects of poverty. 
He also worked tirelessly to expand job op-
portunities for unemployed Hoosiers and led philanthropic efforts in education and health. Two of his most notable accomplishments are the creation of the Excel Center, a program of-fering education to adults wanting to earn their high school diploma, and bringing the Nurse- Family Partnership to Indianapolis, a nonprofit that helps first-time, low-income mothers. 
Jim is undoubtedly a savvy businessman 
and wise investor, but his commitment to hu-manitarianism is what shines through the most. He always puts others first, combining his talents to improve the future of others. His commitment to helping others extends far be-yond his position with Goodwill of Central Indi-ana. He is involved with Goodwill Industries nationally and internationally, has served on the boards of numerous not-for-profit organiza-tions, and been honored with awards in the nonprofit arena. Just to name a few of his ac-complishments, he helped start a new Good-will organization in South Korea, sits on the board of the Indiana Public Charter Schools Association, and was named Nonprofit Execu-tive of the Year by The Nonprofit Times in 2000. 
On behalf of the grateful constituents of In-
diana’s Fifth Congressional District, I congratu-late Jim on the occasion of his retirement. His entrepreneurial and humanitarian spirit has left an everlasting impact on the Indianapolis com-munity and beyond. I wish the very best to Jim, his wife, Jane, and their two children as he enjoys a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING ROHIT RAINA 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Rohit Raina attends Dawson High School in 
Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
A NEW NATION IS BORN  
The time had come, Election Day in 2008. 
Republicans and Democrats were standing in anxious positions, waiting to see who would emerge victorious; Barack Obama, or John McCain. The Democrats were obviously root-ing for Barack Obama, whereas the Repub-licans were cheering on for John McCain. However, only one could stand victorious. After a long collection of votes, the new president was declared; Barack Hussein Obama, the first African American President of the United States of America. November 4, 2008 will be a day to remember 
in our American history. That day was when all tides had turned, and a movement was born. Barack Obama, a three time senate member for Illinois, became the first African American man to ever become president in the history of the United States of America. The turnout of this election was a complete change in the perspective of the American people; where people were used to ‘‘White su-premacy’’ and social inequality. After the election, peoples’ mindsets changed about socialism and the attitude toward racism in the workplace. I had read a book by Joseph E. Stiglitz, The Price of Inequality, which this book references how after Obama was elected, the whole nation changed. In the workplace, people were more respectful to the African American race, there wasn’t as much racial discrimination as there pre-viously was. In the book I had read, office employers would be somewhat racist; to a point where a Caucasian man with a critical record had a higher chance of getting a job they tried out for than an African American man without a criminal record. Socially, people were more understanding of the Afri-can American race, because they now knew with Obama as president, the African Amer-ican people were seen to have potential and were not judged any longer. 
Barack Obama has honestly been one of 
our greatest presidents in the American na-tion. 
Understandably, presidents such as FDR 
and Lincoln fought through tough times, but Obama was not any less of those two great men. By signing the economic stimulus and fighting through an economic recession, Barack Obama has led the Land of the Free out of grave trouble and into the path of suc-cess. President Obama had led us out of two wars in the Middle East, lowered gas prices, and helped the American nation by pro-ducing an amazing healthcare system called ObamaCare. By his second term, he had cre-ated a better nation, besides the 18 trillion dollar deficit the United States is currently under. With better gun control (because of the Sandy Hook shooting), the assassination of the Taliban terrorist leader Osama Bin Laden, and the search for better relations with Cuba, Obama has clearly led this nation to the path of power. 
Barack Obama’s election and reelection 
was one of the most effective changing thing in American history. For the past 15 years, America was getting better and thriving, but with Barack Obama, our nation has re-emerged as a much more powerful super-power. Who knows where we will be in 5 more years, but with Barack Obama’s leader-ship and his effect on the future presidency line, we will be in great shape. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. JERRY M CGEE’S 
CAREER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dr. Jerry McGee for his faithful service as President of Wingate University in the 8th Congressional District of North Carolina. 
When Dr. McGee became President of then 
Wingate College in 1992, he brought visionary leadership that transformed this educational institution from college to university status. During Dr. McGee’s presidency, Wingate’s en-rollment increased more than 125 percent. Under his leadership, Wingate went from a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MR8.003 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E407 March 25, 2015 
small college to a thriving university. Wingate 
University has been recognized as one of the best small liberal arts colleges in the South-east and the premier small private university in North Carolina. 
As a result of Dr. McGee’s leadership, 
Wingate University has expanded to new cam-puses in Charlotte and Henderson, opened 37 new buildings, and refurbished every facility on campus. Wingate opened its School of Pharmacy in 2003, and it now offers six health-care related graduate degrees and seven pre-professional undergraduate health programs. In a ten-year period starting in 1993, the number of Wingate undergraduates pursuing degrees in science or health-care re-lated fields quadrupled. 
The Wingate University community has ex-
pressed its support and praise for Dr. McGee’s leadership through an influx of mil-lions of dollars in gifts and grants for endow-ments, scholarships, and campus develop-ment. During Dr. McGee’s presidency, Wingate University’s endowment increased by 420 percent and its operating budget has nearly doubled. 
Dr. McGee is a native of Rockingham, North 
Carolina, and received his Bachelor’s Degree from East Carolina University and a Master’s Degree from Appalachian State University. He went on to receive his Doctoral Degree from Nova Southeastern University. 
Before being named President of Wingate 
University, Dr. McGee served as Vice Presi-dent of Institutional Advancement at Meredith College and Vice President for Development at Furman College. Dr. McGee is actively in-volved in our local and state community, and he is the recipient of North Carolina’s highest civilian honor, The Order of the Long Leaf Pine, in recognition of his exemplary service to North Carolina. Dr. McGee is also a member of the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame for officiating 404 NCAA Division I college football games, 20 of which were bowl games. 
It is truly an honor to extend these remarks 
congratulating my friend Dr. Jerry McGee on his retirement and to thank him for his es-teemed service to our community as a vision-ary educator and leader. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,382,569,585.32. We’ve 
added $7,525,505,520,672.24 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. RECOGNIZING JEANNE BURTON 
ISRAEL 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize retiring Pleasanton City Council-woman Jeanne Burton Israel. She has served with distinction, and is now ending her tenure after six years on the Pleasanton City Council. 
A San Antonio native, Jeanne moved to 
Atascosa County in 1982, becoming the first female Fuel and Ash Operator at San Miguel Electric Power Plant. Two years later she relo-cated to her current home of Pleasanton. After twelve years at San Miguel Electric, Jeanne Israel started Errand Girl Services, a courier service in Pleasanton. Her position as a small business owner propelled her into local politics and in 2000 she served as Treasurer for the Atascosa County MHMR. 
Mrs. Israel also became an active and es-
teemed member of her local Lions Club, known for her initiative and dedication to the community. She founded and served as the advisor to the Lions’ youth organization, the Pleasanton Leo Club from 2002 until 2006. Sitting on several City Charter Review Com-mittees sparked her interest in local govern-ment and prompted her to run for a seat on the city council in 2009. 
From 2009 to 2015 Mrs. Israel has rep-
resented the people of District 6 on the Pleasanton City Council. During her 6-year tenure, she has been an avid supporter of the arts and has backed efforts to preserve and protect county history. Mrs. Israel has also been a proponent of education and increased citizen involvement in government. She has also worked to revitalize Pleasanton’s down-town area and improve city infrastructure. In recognition of her outstanding service to the City of Pleasanton and the people of District 6, she has received awards from multiple com-munity organizations in Pleasanton including the Pleasanton Lion of the Year, the Sons of Hermann Lodge #310 Humanitarian Award, and the Pleasanton Chamber of Commerce Business Person of the Year. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize 
Jeanne Burton Israel on the occasion of her retirement from the Pleasanton City Council. Her years of dedication and commitment to her community have made Pleasanton, Texas a better place. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 275TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE TOWNSHIP OF MORRIS 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Township of Morris as it celebrates its 275th Anniversary. 
The Township of Morris, originally formed 
on March 25, 1740, is also known as the ‘‘doughnut’’ because it completely encap-sulates the Town of Morristown. Morris Town-ship was also one of the original 104 town-ships of New Jersey at the state’s founding. Morris Township is not just known for its geog-
raphy, however. This township is home to more than 22,000 people, who are very active in their community. Morris Township is also home to many historic landmarks such as Pruddentown, Alnwick Hall which is known today as ‘‘The Abbey,’’ and Normandy Park. 
Morris Township, founded in 1740, is older 
than the United States itself, and has changed drastically since over two hundred and sev-enty-five years. At the town’s beginning, it en-compassed nearly half of Morris County and was primarily all farmland. As time pro-gressed, however, the township would evolve into the more ‘urban’ setting it has today. In addition to this urbanization, Morris Township was divided into many other towns such as Roxbury, Morristown, Mendham, and Chat-ham. Morris Township was also home to a number of events in American history. From the encampment of The Continental Army and George Washington during The Revolutionary War, to ‘‘Millionaires Row’’ which housed many of New Jersey and New York City’s mil-
lionaires until the 1940’s, when income taxes led to the demolition of the houses, this town-ship has a very rich history. Along with these historic sights are places such as, The College of Saint Elizabeth, The Seeing Eye and many other institutions which are able to call Morris Township their home. 
To celebrate its 275th Anniversary, the 
Township will host several events, including a 5K run, family picnic, concerts, exhibits and tournaments. The Morristown and Township Library will be introducing a new exhibit to cel-ebrate this landmark event as well. The exhibit will open April 8th and close on the 16th of August. To celebrate the opening of the ex-hibit, the library will host an opening ceremony on April 8th serving light refreshments for those who wish to attend. The exhibit will have on display all historical moments in the town’s history, landmarks and important people to the community. The festivities will be celebrated by friends and neighbors, and will surely be a night to remember. 
I commend the citizens, the Township Com-
mittee and the Mayor of The Township of Mor-ris in honor of all of the hard work put in to keep Morris Township a culturally rich and growing community. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in wishing the Township of Morris a happy 275th Anniversary. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SARA KUROVSKI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OFIOWA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Sara Kurovski for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25MR8.015 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E408 March 25, 2015 
The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees 
will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Sara has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything she does, and her ex-emplary work as Mayor of the city of Pleasant Hill is a testament to that. As Mayor, Sara uti-lizes a servant-leadership approach to guide Pleasant Hill in the right direction. Sara is ac-tive and passionate about volunteering and has served on the Polk County Conservation Board, Pleasant Hill’s Planning and Zoning Board, Board of Adjustments and the City Fa-cility Planning Committee. In all aspects of her life, Sara is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Sara in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Sara on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
BRIANA PACHECO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Briana Pacheco for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Briana Pacheco is a 12th grader at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Briana 
Pacheco is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Briana Pacheco for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RITUPARNA 
MUKHERJEE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I 
am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Rituparna Mukherjee attends Seven Lakes 
High School in Katy, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should govern-ment play in our lives? 
The way health care is provided, paid for, 
and measured in the United States is rapidly changing. That will continue to happen as the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, comes into full effect. Prior to health care reform, a health insurance com-pany could charge more, deny coverage or exclude condition-specific benefits if you had a life-threatening or chronic health condi-tion. The ACA has changed most of that through changes in health insurance cov-erage however; the Affordable Care Act isn’t simply about making insurance more widely available. It’s also about re-engineering the health care industry, so that it operates more efficiently—providing treatment that is higher quality, less expensive, or both. The idea, as Sarah Kliff explains in the Washington Post, is to move from a system that rewards volume (i.e., the number of pro-cedures performed) to a system that rewards value (i.e., the quality of care provided). 
Beginning in 2014, no insurer can charge 
you more or deny you coverage based on your current health or a pre-existing condi-tion. While an estimated 220,000 Americans who could afford it obtained alternate cov-erage, roughly 25 million with pre-existing conditions were uninsured. Not only that, the out-of-pocket expense kept both insured and uninsured. Americans away from preven-tive care, to the detriment of public health. Now, all health plans must offer a wide array of in-network preventive services and treat-ments for adults and children, with no out- of-pocket costs such as co pays, coinsurance or need to meet a deductible. Both of the aforementioned policies are conducive to lower healthcare costs and more impor-tantly, awareness for preventive measures. 
In accordance with the changes mentioned 
before, children under the age of 26 are now allowed to still be under their parents’ healthcare plan. This means that there are a larger number of young adults insured as they enter the workforce. The aforemen-tioned policy is middle- and upper-class ben-eficial because it implies that there are par-ents of adult children that are insured. Al-ready more than two million young adults have gotten health insurance through their parents’ policies. 
While debate continues on both the success 
and the failure of managed care, one cannot deny the increased emphasis on cost contain-ment. The results of managed care and the continuing evolution of the American health 
care system are both quantitative and quali-tative. They range from a reduction in hos-pital admissions and stays to an increase in ambulatory care, out-patient surgeries, and home care; from an emphasis on prevention and better decisions by consumers about health-related behaviors to the sometimes limited choices by consumers in selecting practitioners and in utilizing benefits; from increasing limitations in coverage with high-er deductibles and co-pays to the reality of a still significant portion of the population among the disenfranchised or uninsured. 
While the Affordable Care Act has its 
positives and its negatives, as do most poli-cies, its benefits have only just begun to be explored. Same goes for the negatives. We have to allow a few years to pass before we can pass judgment on this drastic change. NATIONAL MEDAL OF HONOR DAY 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the twenty-six Congressional Medal of Honor recipients with strong ties to Oregon who will be honored in the special Oregon Medal of Honor Exhibit at the Evergreen Avia-tion & Space Museum in McMinnville, Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, it is my privilege to honor these heroes who served above and beyond the call of duty, earning the Congressional Medal of Honor, our nation’s highest award for military valor. Their brave service spans over 108 years, from the Civil War to the Vietnam War. Their names are as follows: 
Civil War (1861–1865): Alaric B. Chapin, 
U.S. Army; Hartwell B. Compson, U.S. Army; Nathan E. Edgerton, U.S. Army; Louis Renninger, U.S. Army. Indian Wars (1861– 1898): James Jackson, U.S. Army; Meaher Nicholas, U.S. Army; Lewis Phife, U.S. Army. Philippine Insurrection (1899–1911): Frank C. High, U.S. Army; Charles E. Kilbourne, U.S. Army; Marcus W. Robertson, U.S. Army; Jacob Volz Jr., U.S. Navy. Boxer Rebellion (1900): John A. Murphy, U.S. Marine Corps. Peacetime (1903): Harry D. Fadden, U.S. Navy. World War I (1917–1918): Edward C. Allworth, U.S. Army. World War II (1941– 1945): Arnold L. Bjorklund, U.S. Army; Arthur J. Jackson, U.S. Marine Corps; David R. Kingsley, U.S. Army Air Forces; Robert D. Maxwell, U.S. Army; Henry Schauer, U.S. Army; Stuart S. Stryker, U.S. Army. Korean War (1950–1953): Stanley T. Adams, U.S. Army; Loren R. Kaufman, U.S. Army. Vietnam War (1964–1975): Larry G. Dahl, U.S. Army; John N. Holcomb, U.S. Army; Gary W. Martini, U.S. Marine Corps; Maximo Yabes, U.S. Army. 
These wartime heroes were either born in 
Oregon, entered service from Oregon, were laid to rest in Oregon, or live in Oregon. Seven of the recipients gave their lives during an act of valor. Nine of them were commis-sioned officers and seventeen were enlisted men and non-commissioned officers. Twenty- one served in the Army, two in the Navy, and three in the Marine Corps. They served in ten countries around the globe: the United States, China, Philippines, France, Palau, Italy, Roma-nia, Germany, Korea and Vietnam. Two World War II recipients are living today—Mr. Robert D. Maxwell, Bend, Oregon, and Mr. Arthur J. Jackson, Boise, Idaho. Mr. Maxwell is the old-est of the 79 living Medal of Honor recipients of all wars. 
Among other items, the Oregon Medal of 
Honor Exhibit will feature displays for each re-cipient, interactive digital kiosks and a large American flag flown over the U.S. Capitol on March 25, 2015, National Medal of Honor Day. This outstanding project was organized by the Bend Heroes Foundation and their partners: Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum, Pacific Standard Television, Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation, Congressional Medal of Honor Society, Medal of Honor Historical Soci-ety of the United States, my office, and BNSF Railway. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.009 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E409 March 25, 2015 
HONORING CHIEF DAN JONES 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Chief Dan Jones of the Chapel Hill Fire Department, who will retire in May after 25 years of distinguished service to my hometown of Chapel Hill. 
Chief Jones began his career with the 
Pinellas Park Fire Department in Florida, where he was quickly recognized as a leader and named Firefighter of the Year and Florida Fire Instructor of the Year. In 1990, he left Florida to become Fire Chief in Chapel Hill. 
As soon as he arrived in our community, 
Chief Jones set about modernizing what was then a small-town Fire Department, most nota-ble for its Carolina blue trucks. Today, thanks to his leadership, the Department is recog-nized as one of the finest in North Carolina and the country. 
Chief Jones has faced his share of chal-
lenges as well—notably the Phi Gamma Delta Fraternity fire in 1996, which took the lives of five UNC students. He helped lead the com-munity back from that tragedy, bridging the gap between students, Chapel Hill residents, and the Fire Department. He also became an advocate for new safety techniques and equip-ment, reforms that have saved countless lives since. 
Chief Jones has received many awards 
from his peers for his remarkable work, includ-ing National Fire Service Person of the Year and the International Fire Chiefs Association President’s Award. He has also served as President of the International Society of Fire Service Instructors, written extensively on the topic of fire safety, lectured at UNC-Chapel Hill, and taught leadership classes around the country and the world. 
Chief Jones has also been quick to assist 
me, particularly during my time as Chairman or Ranking Member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Homeland Security, giving sound policy advice and convening numerous first responder gatherings from central North Carolina. 
Whenever I see a Carolina blue fire truck 
drive by on Franklin Street, I am thankful that Chapel Hill has been lucky enough to have Dan Jones serve as its Fire Chief. On behalf of our entire community, thank you for your service, Chief Jones. I wish you the very best in retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 131. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. HONORING RILEY FRANKS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Riley Franks attends Pearland High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
About fourteen years ago, the United 
States never expected something like this to happen but on September 11, 2001, terrorism took a big turn. A series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda were set into play in New York City and the Washington D.C. metro-politan area. Two passenger airplanes were hijacked and crashed into the North and South Towers of the World Trade Center; an-other was crashed into the Pentagon which caused a partial collapse of the western side, and the fourth plane was targeted at Wash-ington D.C. but crashed into a field near Shanksville, Pennsylvania after some of the passengers tried to overcome the hijackers. A total 2,996 citizens died that day and was the deadliest incident for firefighters and law enforcement officers ever. This day has changed America for the better and the worse in these four major lasting impacts: more than a decade of war, immigration and deportation, the skies, and an increase in surveillance. 
Just a few weeks after the 9/11 event, the 
United States invaded Afghanistan to try and dismantle al-Qaeda and stop the ter-rorist group. Then two years later we at-tacked Iraq as a part of the War on Terror. Today, the U.S. is still entangled with Af-ghanistan and this War on Terror is now the longest-running war in U.S. history. 
The U.S. Immigration and Customs En-
forcement agency was established because of this tragic event. This agency was put into place to help deport criminals and stop those from coming into the U.S. illegally. In the decade after 9/11, deportations nearly dou-bled and in the first two years of the Obama Administration deportations hit a record high of 400,000 annually. 
Airport security took a turn for the better. 
Although the lines and security rules to get to your gate are outrageous, the skies have never been safer. Before all of these color- coded security threat warnings and fancy full body metal detectors and x-rays, pat downs were very uncommon, liquid was al-lowed, and passengers were even allowed to have knives, box cutters, and cigarette light-ers on board. 
Finally, as a country, the U.S. boomed as 
a surveillance state after 9/11. This resulted in an increase of government intrusion of phone and web networks. By 2013, the United States had enacted 16 spy agencies and more than 107,000 employees that now make up the U.S. intelligence community. Therefore, after 9/11 the United States has 
improved in a lot of ways mainly in security and there can only be improvement from here on out and hopefully the U.S. will never have to go through another tragic event such as this. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF LLOYD 
MADAY 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the life and achievements of Lloyd Maday, who passed away earlier this month. 
Mr. Maday was a beloved and respected 
member of the Evanston, Illinois community, where he touched many lives. With his broth-er, he started Maday Brothers auto shop, which he operated for nearly 50 years before retiring in 1999. Maday Brothers was not just a place to get excellent mechanic services, Lloyd Maday made it a place where young people could get friendly advice and excellent counsel. Whether it was help in understanding how to repair a carburetor or how to deal with their personal problems, many Evanstonians turned to Lloyd Maday. 
Mike Kennedy was one of those young peo-
ple, who was mentored and got his first job from Lloyd Maday. Mr. Kennedy told The Chi-cago Tribune, Lloyd Maday ‘‘taught me a lot about fixing cars, but he taught me about character too. I’d watch how he treated peo-ple, the way he’d answer questions and take the time to explain things. If there was a prob-lem, he’d be the one to handle it. He was calm and even-keeled, and his conversations always ended with a handshake.’’ 
Lloyd Maday was a master of his craft, 
keeping up with the many automotive and technological changes that occurred during his career. He made it a priority to listen and help those he met, to provide encouragement, and to set an example of how to live a life that gives back to the community. He was a de-voted family man to his wife, and I want to ex-press my condolences to his children and his 29 grandchildren. He will be greatly missed. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOSH INGALLS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Josh Ingalls for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.012 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E410 March 25, 2015 
will join an impressive roster of 560 business 
leaders and growing. 
Josh has the determination and drive to be 
successful in anything that he does and his exemplary work with Principal Financial Group is a testament to that. As the Recruiting Man-ager at Principal Financial Group, Josh is pas-sionate about helping others and utilizes his abilities to place people in the jobs best suited for their professional growth. Josh has do-nated his time to others through his work with the Animal Rescue League and the PACE Ju-venile Center. In all aspects of his life, Josh is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Josh in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Josh on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING FORMER SENATOR STE-
PHEN M. BREWER FOR BEING NAMED CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
thank former State Senator Stephen M. Brew-er for his 26 years of service in the state Leg-islature and to congratulate him on being rec-ognized as Citizen of the Year by the Mount Wachusett Community College Foundation. Senator Brewer retired last year after 26 years of service in the state Legislature. Most re-cently, he served as Chair of the powerful Senate Ways and Means Committee. Senator Brewer is a giant; someone who looked out not only for his constituents and his commu-nity but also for Massachusetts. For 26 years Senator Brewer was a champion for Central Massachusetts. While I know his wife Valerie and daughters April and Audrey are happy to have him home, it’s safe to say that we will miss his leadership in the State House. I can think of no one finer to receive this year’s Har-old E. Drake Citizen of the Year award for his service to the Commonwealth and to the con-stituents he represented over nearly three decades of public service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Monday, March 16; Tuesday, March 17; Wednesday, March 18; and Thursday, March 19, 2015, I was out on medical leave for sur-gery and unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 113 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 647), ‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 114 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 648), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 115 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 876, as amended), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 116 (on ordering 
the previous question on H. Res. 138), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 117 (on agreeing 
to the resolution H. Res. 138), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 118 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1191, as amended), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 119 (on agreeing 
to the McKinley Amendment to H.R. 1029), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 120 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 1029 with instructions), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 121 (on passage 
of H.R. 1029), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 122 (on agreeing 
to the Edwards Amendment to H.R. 1030), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 123 (on agreeing 
to the Kennedy Amendment to H.R. 1030), 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 124 (on the mo-
tion to recommit H.R. 1030 with instructions), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 125 (on passage 
of H.R. 1030), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 126 (on ordering 
the previous question on H. Res. 152), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 127 (on agreeing 
to the resolution H. Res. 152), 
‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 128 (on passage 
of S.J. Res. 8), and 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 129 (on approv-
ing the Journal). 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEXANDRA 
REBELES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Alexandra Rebeles attends Foster High 
School in Richmond, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, why is it important to be in-volved in the political process? 
AN UNDENIABLE DUTY  
‘‘One of the penalties for refusing to par-
ticipate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.’’—Plato 
The American political system is an ex-
tremely complex system that impacts the lives of every single citizen who lives in our great country. Whether it’s a presidential election or an election for local lawmakers, participation is essential in order for the system to be efficient and fair. A failure to vote or a choice to be ignorant in such im-portant matters has severe consequences. Every election that takes place in the United States has a large degree of determining if a law will be passed or if a candidate will take the steps needed in order to create a better country and system. In a situation like a 
presidential election, every single vote car-ries great significance and could alter which candidate will win. In my opinion, it is iron-ic how you see various Americans who have not voted protesting over laws, representa-tives, or presidents they do not agree with. The majority of the protesters will admit they did not vote but still feel the need to protest. How can you protest a law or prin-ciple if you did not even care enough to vote in the first place? I think those who choose not to vote need to take a look in the mirror and realize they are doing our country a dis-service. Participation is the first step in order to create a better America that can serve its citizens in more efficient ways. 
I have a firm belief that ignorance towards 
politics creates a veil that clouds the mind and leads to apathy and a lack of participa-tion in political procedures. Ignorance in global and American affairs is one of the rea-sons why various people don’t know or care about politics. Education in these subjects or matters greatly alters the ways a mind per-ceives political events. For example, watch-ing an evening news program like the NBC Nightly News or the ABC World News can in-form a viewer on the political matters plagu-ing or helping our country. Education can make a huge difference. 
Awareness of political matters is impera-
tive in order for this country to keep moving forward. Without any input from citizens, how can our elected officials suggest legisla-tion that could help America in the long run? 
f 
ALEX LOW 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Alex Low for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Alex Low is a 10th grader at Pomona High School and re-ceived this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Alex Low is 
exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Alex 
Low for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING J.R. GALLEGOS 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Pleasanton City Councilman J.R. Gallegos on the occasion of his retirement after twenty-three consecutive years of service to the people of Atascosa County and the City of Pleasanton. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.016 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E411 March 25, 2015 
J.R. Gallegos began his career as a public 
servant in 1989 when he was appointed to the Pleasanton Housing Authority Board of Direc-tors. Three years later, at the age of twenty- eight, Mr. Gallegos was first elected to the Pleasanton City Council, representing the peo-ple of District Four. Since then, he has served on the Pleasanton City Council for twenty- three years. Mr. Gallegos has also been in-volved in a number of other community organi-zations and committees in Atascosa County and the City of Pleasanton. 
Over the last two decades, Mr. Gallegos 
has dedicated his career to improving and en-riching the lives of Pleasanton residents. Dur-ing his time on the City Council, he has sup-ported the construction of a municipal airport terminal, the police and public works depart-ments, and a sports complex. Mr. Gallegos was also involved in plans for the wastewater treatment plant expansion, the Civic Center and Library, City Hall renovations, and a vari-ety of other infrastructure improvements. His contributions have been described as ‘‘vastly improving the quality of life’’ for Pleasanton citizens. It is clear that he has helped to ‘‘pave the way to a bright future’’ for the City of Pleasanton. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize 
J.R. Gallegos for his twenty-three years of out-standing service as a Pleasanton City Council-man. 
f 
HONORING SAMUEL M CCRAY 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to honor an extraordinary community advocate and activist, Samuel McCray. 
He is a citizen of the Mississippi Delta, who 
was born on a plantation in a shack in the middle of a cotton field just South of Lambert, Mississippi. He attended the segregated schools in Quitman County, graduating in 1968 from Quitman County Industrial High School. On May 1, 1968, the infamous class of ’68 led a walkout, protesting the arrest of Willie Bolden, a Southern Christian Leadership Conference organizer sent to prepare the up-coming March on Washington, the Poor Peo-ple’s Campaign. The first leg of the operation was to start in Marks with mule drawn wag-ons. An all white Mississippi Highway Patrol unit of twenty troopers attacked the gathering of over 500, and forced them off the jail lawn. For Samuel, this would be his first act of civil disobedience. After high school, he would at-tend Coahoma Junior College (now Coahoma Community College) and Delta State Univer-sity (then Delta State College). While in the Delta, he helped to revive the Black Students Organization, becoming second in command in the organization. This organization man-aged to convince the administration to add Af-rican American Studies, to recruit black women to the Delta Bell Cheerleader Squad, to increase financial assistance, and to employ more of our people in the classroom. 
While out on summer break in 1973, Sam-
uel would join the local chapter of the NAACP and was chosen to head up the voter’s league, the political arm of the organization. A few years earlier, the county purged the voter rolls. His first charge was to get ready for the 
1975 election so voter’s registration was num-ber one priority. During this period of history, the voter rolls and the poll books were coded by race which proved to be a valuable tool. The team discovered pretty quickly that the poll books would provide all the information needed. The consistence voters would be the priority group, believing they would be the easiest to get back on the books and to the polls on Election Day. By the deadline, the group had registered over 1500 black voters. The work had only begun; the decision was made to run a slate, a candidate for each po-sition. Not because of the possibility of win-ning, there was no chance of that, the black vote was less than a third of the total. Will black voters vote for black candidates? About 80% of the black votes were cast for our can-didates. The black leadership could not have been happier; we were on our way. Voter reg-istration was a step-up, and an opportunity presented itself in 1978 with the death of the white county supervisor in District 1. The dis-trict had more black voters than another and they were concentrated in the Crenshaw and Darling Precincts. With an attractive candidate, and a good ground game we felt we could make history, and we did. The opposition ac-cused the group of cheating; too many black voters received help with their ballot. They found themselves in court, which turned out to be a blessing. The ruling was that any voter 
with a physical disability, blind or illiterate could receive assistance from the person of their choosing. Another slate was put together for the Town of Lambert, which had an At- Large scheme where a voter had to case a five candidate’s ballot in order for the vote to count. Again, the group looked for the most at-tractive candidates, one of whom was J.D. ‘‘Jake’’ McAdory. Everybody liked him, includ-ing both blacks and whites, and he was a standup guy. He was the first African Amer-ican elected to the Board of Aldermen. As al-ways, the group would run a slate in county elections, realizing that keeping voters en-gaged was the best tool to building a strong electorate. 
In the late 70’s Samuel would align himself 
with people like Attorneys: Frank Parker & Margret Carey; the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law; Victor McTeer & Willie Bailey, Johnnie Walls, Senator Henry Kersey, and others that were challenging the legal schemes hindering blacks from the ballot box. Sam was certified as an expert witness on white block voting, voting harassment, voter’s intimidation and at-large voting. The effort would lead to redistricting or redrawing county supervisor and municipal lines to give black voters a fair chance to elect candidates of their choosing. By 1983, with creating three black majorities districts and getting rid of the at-large voting practice, they began getting much closer to achieving the goal set many years earlier. By 1987, they controlled the Quitman County Board of Supervisors. Today, all the municipalities with the exception of two are headed by African American mayors, and all of the governing boards are black majori-ties. While an activist in Quitman County, Sam worked at Coahoma Opportunities, Inc. (COI) in Clarksdale where he started as a commu-nity driver, but quickly moved up in the organi-zation into middle management. He was pro-moted to Coordinator of Nutrition Access and to an Equal Opportunity Officer. In those posi-tions, the organization would open the first 
WIC & food bank on site and help to bring free breakfast to public school cafeterias. While with COI, Samuel was serving on the Sub-Area Advisory Council, the group that made recommendations on health facilities in the State. His works on the council led to the creation of Aaron Henry Community Health Services Center in Clarksdale. 
In 1986, Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Alfonso Espy hired 
him to organize the northern counties of the district where he applied what he had learned from his work in Quitman County, and applied that to a multi-counties model, resulting in some of the best turnout. In 1988, Governor Ray Mabus named Samuel to the Mississippi Housing Finance Corporation. The board later re-named the organization to the Mississippi Home Corporation, where he was elected Chairperson of the Program Committee. In this role, Samuel worked with local nonprofits to access programs such as USDA’s Community Self-Help program, the 504 repair loan/grant and the 502 home ownership, which is the program used by Samuel to purchase his home. 
In 1993, Congressman Mike Espy would 
step down to accept the Secretary of Agri-culture in the Clinton Administration, the first African American ever to hold this position. The community was happy to have one of its own, but it put the 2nd District at risk. Thank-fully, the leadership agreed to a mini conven-tion process that led to a consensus can-didate, Honorable B
ENNIE THOMPSON , County 
Supervisor from Hinds County, who was one of the single most respected, elected officials in the State, black or white. T
HOMPSON would 
go on to win and take office in April of 1993. Samuel never envisioned holding office or working for a politician, but this is B
ENNIE  
THOMPSON , he’s a living legend. After lobbying 
his District Director almost daily, Samuel was hired on June 1, 1993 as a Field Representa-tive and Caseworker, the greatest job on the planet. The Congressman assigned him the counties he had worked over the last twenty years. Samuel’s office was located in Marks, his home town. Armed with marching orders to assure Federal Agencies deliver services fairly to his constituents, Samuel served as a re-source to non-profits, governmental agencies and small businesses. In the years that fol-lowed, the Clinton Administration would insti-tute the Empowerment Zone and the Enter-prise Community Initiative. Part of Samuel’s assigned counties received the Enterprise Community designation. North Panola would receive a portable water system that provided safe drinking water for hundreds of families. Local limited resource farmers would get a vegetable processing plant so they could bet-ter market their produce. An unexpected ben-efit to an unexpected group of about fifty fami-lies living in the Cotton Street Community, got sewer services for the first time. A street sepa-rated the town of Marks from this community, and because of their activism in the 60s, they were still being punished. The residents of Cotton Street found out and met with the gov-erning body, and had them resubmit their ap-plication to include Cotton Street. On March 17, 2008, then candidate for President of the United States Barack Obama came to Green-ville for breakfast with the Congressman and staff. Upon his election, the Congressman took his entire staff to the Inauguration of the first African-American President in his lifetime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.020 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E412 March 25, 2015 
After nineteen and a half years as a Congres-
sional Aide being a part of some of the great-est advancements, right here in the Mis-sissippi Delta to be a part of it is a prayer, an-swered. Samuel and his wife of 32 years, Bernestine, still live in Quitman County. Their three children: Barbara, Johnathan, and Shonari are all grown and gone, with their 12 grandchildren whom Samuel and Bernestine love from a distance. On December 31, 2012 Samuel retired, the time had come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Samuel McCray for his dedica-tion in being a respected community servant. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO SUZANNE HULL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Suzanne Hull for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Suzanne has the determination and drive to 
be successful in anything she does, and her exemplary work with Contemporary Business Solutions is a testament to that. As the owner of Contemporary Business Solutions, Suzanne utilizes her communication skills to assist peo-ple in developing their social media presence as a networking and job-seeking tool. She also is active and passionate about organiza-tions she believes in, donating her time to non-profit organizations like the Des Moines European Heritage Association. In all aspects of her life, Suzanne is an example of the hard work and service that makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Suzanne in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Su-zanne on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and suc-cessful career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 135TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF GETHSEMANE BAPTIST CHURCH OF EUSTIS, FLORIDA 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my privilege to recognize the 135th anniver-sary of Gethsemane Baptist Church of Eustis, 
and commend their strong heritage of service within Lake County, Florida. 
Founded in 1880, Gethsemane Baptist 
Church of Eustis was the first place of worship for African Americans in Eustis, and has served as a beacon of hope in our local com-munity. Many lives have been impacted through the church’s ministry, and I am hon-ored to recognize their long history of dedica-tion and service. This is a momentous year for Gethsemane Baptist Church of Eustis, and I am pleased to commemorate it with them. 
It is my pleasure to join Reverend William 
Hawkins and the congregation at Gethsemane Baptist Church of Eustis in celebrating this his-torical milestone. It is truly an honor to serve the residents of Central Florida in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
THE TRAGIC KILLING OF RUSSIAN 
OPPOSITION LEADER BORIS NEMTSOV 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last month, 
while many of us were working late to prevent the shutdown of our own Department of Homeland Security, a tragedy occurred in Moscow. 
Boris Nemtsov, famed leader of Russia’s 
opposition, was fatally shot four times in the back near St. Basil’s Cathedral and the Krem-lin. He was 55 years old. That night the fateful image of his body lying dead, on a bridge, fac-ing the Kremlin, sent shivers across our world. 
Shivers of sorrow. Shivers of anger. Shivers 
of cold remembrance of a place with no room for real liberty. No free speech. No tolerance for contrary opinions. No experience of what it means to live in an open society. 
Russia is a nation that spans eleven time 
zones. It holds enough nuclear arms to oblit-erate life on Earth. How sad that such a nation is still unsafe for a peaceful advocate of free-dom and representative governance. 
Boris Nemtsov was killed just hours before 
a non-violent demonstration he was preparing to lead, protesting Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine. What courage he showed in speaking for Ukraine, a young and energetic nation seeking peace and opportunity for its people. Ukraine is a sister to Russia and has not de-served the brutality that Russia has heaped upon her over the past year. During that short span, more than 6,000 people have died in the fight for an independent Ukraine. 
Mr. Nemtsov, a former deputy prime min-
ister of Russia, a vice premier, fought every day for a more open society in his home coun-try. He championed reform ever since the col-lapse of the old Soviet order twenty years ago. It was a valiant, if often lonely, struggle against a vast and oppressive totalitarian state. More and more, he must have felt the creeping shadow of his own mortality due to the danger in which he placed himself. 
Boris Nemtsov was assassinated by cow-
ards lurking in the shadows as he crossed a bridge in front of the Kremlin. The murderers, driven to such a craven and despicable act, were too small and too afraid to let his voice rise. As I read the news of his tragic fate, I see 
the first threads of a history that will hold him up as a leader of unparalleled courage and unprecedented faith in his people. This is re-markable in the face of one of the most per-sistent tyrannies in the world. 
Boris Nemtsov’s life is prophetic, like Alex-
ander Solzhenitsyn and others who have suf-fered to move Russia out of its historical im-prisonment of liberty. 
No part of our world has suffered more in 
the last century than Russia and the sub-jugated Soviet territories, as Dr. Timothy Sny-der recounts in his extraordinary book ‘‘Bloodlands.’’ 
In the middle of Europe in the middle of the 
20th century, the Nazi and Soviet regimes murdered some 14 million people . . . all vic-tims of murderous policy rather than casualties of war. 
Yet not a single one of the 14 million mur-
dered was a soldier on active duty. Most were women, children, and the aged; none were bearing weapons; many had been stripped of their possessions, including their clothes. 
The U.N. High Commissioner for Human 
Rights has called the situation a ‘‘merciless devastation of civilian lives and infrastructure.’’ 
His report points out that heavy weaponry 
and foreign fighters continue to pour in from Russia and that the conflict has ‘‘dramatically deteriorated’’ in the past two months. 
In 2010 Nemtsov founded the Coalition for 
Russia without Lawlessness and Corruption, a party notable not only for its ambitious name but also because it was refused registration as a party by the Kremlin. In recent years, as a leader of the Russian opposition, Nemtsov had written several highly credible reports ex-posing corruption at the highest levels of the Russian government. 
Our own Gettysburg Address, one of the 
most revered statements in American history, says, in part, ‘‘that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devo-tion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this na-tion, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.’’ 
This is a message I now commend to the 
people of Russia: let the sacrifice of Boris Nemtsov inspire your own devotion to the cause of freedom. 
Because of Boris Nemtsov, millions inside 
Russia can imagine liberty, a more democratic society, and a life better than the one now permitted to them. Ordinary citizens can make that life for themselves if they are only allowed real representative governance. Nemtsov strove to give every Russian a chance at that better life, even from inside the belly of a fro-zen whale. We honor his ideals and his sac-rifice. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERYL SOUNDAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.021 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E413 March 25, 2015 
my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I 
have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Sheryl Soundar attends Manvel High School 
in Manvel, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
When asked for the most important event 
in our country’s history within the past fif-teen years, most people will say September 11, and not without good reason. That day launched the United States into a war that still demands American soldiers. It cost many lives, changed an entire country’s out-look on foreign affairs, and put a standstill on many domestic issues. However, another event that is often forgotten in the glaring spotlight of 9/11 is Hurricane Katrina. 
Personally, I have many memories of 
Katrina and the damage that it did to New Orleans, having lived in Houston during that time. This story occupied an entire month of evening news broadcasts and cemented into my memory the struggles that the people of New Orleans faced. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) also faced a struggle, but of a different sort. FEMA came under extreme criticism for its inability to offer assistance and for the prolonged lack of access to resources that caused in the New Orleans area. The public relations fiasco that resulted tarnished not only FEMA’s reputa-tion, but also the reputation of the already heavily criticized Bush administration. Many active duty troops were deployed to the area to assist during the recovery period in light of FEMA’s failing. 
As a whole, the Gulf Coast region was 
deeply affected by Hurricane Katrina, phys-ically as well as mentally. New Orleans faced harsh economic conditions and harsh odds as its people began to rebuild, and surrounding states also felt this burden. However, the greatest impact Katrina had on the United States was on our collective psyche. At first, it seemed like another problem stacked on top of the ever present war on terror, but as the worst pain subsided, the country realized that this was, more than it was a tarnish or a natural disaster, an opportunity. Ameri-cans from coast to coast were horrified by the state of affairs in New Orleans and poured out their sympathy for those in need. As a nation, we were saddened and strength-ened by Katrina, finding fear in the condi-tion of the Gulf Coast and solace in the abil-ity of Americans to unite behind a common goal. 
f 
ALICIA BALDERAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Alicia Balderas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Alicia Balderas is an 11th grader at Pomona High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alicia 
Balderas is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Alicia Balderas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DEDI-
CATED HOOSIERS OF KEM KREST CORPORATION 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the dedicated Hoosiers of Kem Krest Corporation headquartered in Elkhart, Indiana. 
They have recently been named the Gen-
eral Motors 2014 Supplier of the Year. 
Kem Krest started in 1979 and since then 
has grown and expanded their customer base beyond the automotive industry to include the agriculture and defense industries. 
The exceptional quality of products from this 
supplier reflects the hard work of their Hoosier employees. 
They have demonstrated a clear commit-
ment to go above and beyond as well as take the utmost pride in the products they supply. 
I would like to personally thank the Hoosiers 
of Kem Krest Corporation for their hard work and dedication. 
Kem Krest Corporation serves as another 
great example of a successful business in Northern Indiana and their devotion to making quality products should be recognized. 
The dedication Kem Krest has shown 
makes me proud to represent Indiana’s Sec-ond Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on 
March 23 and 24, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #130, 131, 132, 133, and 134. I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on #135. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JOEL FORTNEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Joel Fortney for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Joel has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that he does, and his exem-plary work with Principal Global Investors is a testament to that. Now the portfolio manager of Principal Mid-Cap Value Fund, Joel’s suc-cess has continued. Joel and his wife are ac-tive in their community too, where they sup-port the Blank Park Zoo by sponsoring ani-mals. In all aspects of his life Joel’s example of hard work and service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Joel in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Joel on re-ceiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RIDA SARWAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Rida Sarwar attends Pearland High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: In your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
239 years ago, the thirteen colonies de-
clared independence from Great Britain. Since then, the United States government has always played a large role in the lives of Americans throughout history. The role of the government plays a huge part in society. The government should always cater to the needs of its citizens and provide an organized society. 
In 1776, America declared its complete au-
tonomy from Great Britain by signing the Declaration of Independence. Fifty-six men signed the document that would later be-come the most important document in American history and a symbol of independ-ence. These men signed the declaration for many reasons. The most well-known reason was because of the absence of representation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.025 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E414 March 25, 2015 
for the colonies in the British parliament. 
These universal founding principles of rep-resentation and equality have become the basis of American government. Democracy upholds these principles in the government. The government is indirectly ruled by the people through representatives. These rep-resentatives are responsible for directly see-ing to the needs of the people who live in their specified region. The government’s job is to accommodate the needs of the citizens. American government is ‘‘for the people, by the people’’. The power of the government is limited by its citizens. This is self-govern-ment in its truest form. 
The government is also responsible for cre-
ating an organized society. People pay taxes to the government so that the government can generate revenue and maintain its oper-ations. In return, the government should be responsible for providing various services to the people. The government should provide fundamental services such as basic infra-structure, security and a stable economy. A country cannot support itself without a solid infrastructure. Therefore, the government should provide adequate facilities for their citizens. They should be responsible for pro-viding urban infrastructure such as water supply, electricity and roads. It is the gov-ernment’s duty to effectively utilize the re-sources within a country for development. This means that the government should also be able to provide other services. Tax money should be used to create better education, health facilities and social security. The American government has always provided the best safety for its citizens. A government should always protect its citizens, because they should come first. Lastly, the govern-ment is responsible for keeping a stable economy. Without a stable economy, the people cannot survive. 
The American government was established 
to serve the best interests of its people. Its role is to provide for them. It should provide an organized society and a good government. The government’s main role is to serve its people. 
f 
ROW4RICE 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Rice 
University Rowing team has taken a step to further rowing sports in the City of Houston. To help raise the funds needed to build a water sports facility on Buffalo Bayou in down-town Houston, two of the teams coaches will row 3,000 miles across the Atlantic in the Talisker Whiskey Atlantic Challenge. Coaches Mike Matson and David Alviar, attempting to be the first Texans to complete this feat, will begin this massive undertaking in the Canary Islands, and finish on the Caribbean island of Antigua. 
The duo will take this challenge in a boat 
named after Ann McCormick Sullivan. 
Ann Sullivan was a firefighter with Station 
68 in Houston when on May 31, 2013 a 5- alarm fire at the Southwest Inn took the lives of 4 brave men and women, including Ann. This deadly fire completely shook the commu-nity. Ann was just 24 years old. 
Coach Mike Matson was a volunteer fire-
fighter in the City of Stafford and had the op-portunity to run calls with Ann. Ann, nick-named ‘‘mighty mouse,’’ was a strong, resilient firefighter, who was never afraid to step into 
danger to help others. Mike recalls training days when Ann would extend the heavy hose full of water to its full length, a task difficult even to the largest men on the squad. Ann lived up to this name, never wavering in her determination. 
Coach Mike felt that it was fitting that the 
boat be named after one of Houston’s heroes who truly represents the spirit of resilience needed for this race. Under the name Row4Rice the two coaches will raise money to build proper facilities to host rowing, kayaking, canoeing, and other water sports. They have pledged to donate $5,000 to the Ann McCor-mick Sullivan Foundation to support women in firefighting. Mike, David and the rest of the Rice rowing team are to be congratulated as they begin this massive undertaking in the spirit of one of Houston’s heroes. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE STATE 
PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM EN-HANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I have 
introduced the National Guard State Partner-ship Program Enhancement Act of 2015, which strengthens this critical ‘‘soft power’’ global partnership program. The National Guard State Partnership Program (SPP) pro-vides unique capacity building capabilities to Combatant Commanders and U.S. Chiefs of Mission via 68 comprehensive partnerships between National Guard units across the United States and 74 partner nations with the potential for further development. 
For over 20 years, the SPP has directly 
supported the broad national interests and se-curity cooperation goals of the United States by engaging partner nations via military, socio-political, and economic conduits at the local, state, and national levels. The program’s pub-lic diplomacy effectiveness lies in its ability to leverage the full breadth and depth of U.S. de-fense and interagency capabilities from within the state-country relationship. 
The value of the SPP lies in its ability to 
concentrate a small component of the U.S. de-fense structure—a state’s National Guard—on a single country or region in support of U.S. Government policies and objectives that are coordinated between the Combatant Com-mander and U.S. Chief of Mission. This con-centrated focus supports the development of long term personal relationships and inter-agency coordination mechanisms that would not otherwise exist. By its nature the National Guard is uniquely positioned within the military to develop these long term relationships. 
The SPP is becoming an increasingly more 
important tool for Combatant Commanders and U.S. Chiefs of Mission in achieving long- term U.S. strategic objectives. The program has developed from assistance and partner-ship with primarily Eastern European nations to a program that supports all the non-CONUS combatant commanders. Recently, the long- term benefits of this program became evident. In particular, I highlight the 22-year relation-ship between the California National Guard and Ukraine. When the instability in Ukraine 
began the California National Guard got some 
of the clearest insight we had into the situation by virtue of the long term relationship they had forged with Ukraine’s military and civil institu-tions. 
Of additional interest to me are the opportu-
nities that SPP poses for our rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region. I believe the SPP will fur-ther expand and strengthen relations with many Asian and Pacific nations. The program clearly demonstrates the U.S. commitment to the region and our allies. In fact, one of the newest partnerships was established last year between Tonga and the Nevada National Guard. These types of partnerships help to develop critical capacity building capabilities for allies in this critical region of the world. 
Most importantly, the bill I introduce today 
eliminates the 2016 termination of the pro-gram. Additionally, it removes the program re-striction to be primarily a humanitarian and emergency response force and expands it to support the national interests and security co-operation goals and objectives of the United States. Elimination of this restrictive language helps to recognize the true nature of SPP and acknowledges broader partnerships that al-ready exist. Requiring the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau to development ‘‘core competencies’’ will help the Combatant Com-manders and U.S. Chiefs of Mission more ef-fectively use, develop and maintain partner-ship programs. 
Further, the bill ensures that Department of 
Defense, a state National Guard and Depart-ment of State’s equities are considered in the context of broader program goals and lays out the roles of the Secretary of Defense, Sec-retary of State, and Chief of the National Guard Bureau in managing the program. The bill puts in place critical oversight mechanisms to establish metrics through which to analyze the impact of the program. Lastly, this bill cre-ates an accounting line within DoD that allows National Guard funds to be used in support of the program and ensures accountability of the funding. Funds for the program currently come several separate Service, Department of De-fense and Department of State accounts. The Congress needs more visibility on the use of these funds and establishing a central account is critical to this endeavor and is similar to how the counterdrug program resources its activities. 
The capabilities and missions outlined in 
this legislation leverage the capabilities inher-ent in the National Guard and will strengthen our relations with allies and nations across the globe. The dual role of the National Guard provides them a unique opportunity to support Combatant Commander as well as an Ambas-sador’s needs in a given country. I believe this legislation is necessary to codify current prac-tices and enhance the program’s positive im-pact worldwide. 
I thank Congressman T
IMWALZ of Min-
nesota; Congressman J IMBRIDENSTINE of 
Oklahoma and Congressman D OUG LAMBORN  
of Colorado for being original co-sponsors of this legislation. Our efforts highlight the bi-par-tisan support for SPP and need to enhance this critical capacity building tool. I look for-ward to working with my colleagues to pass this critical legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.029 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E415 March 25, 2015 
HONORING MICHAEL BRENAN 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Michael Brenan attends Seven Lakes High 
School in Katy, Texas. The essay topic is: in your opinion, what role should government play in our lives? 
The debate on the role of government has 
raged in politics since the very first incep-tion of government in Sumeria over 5500 years ago. Today’s society is certainly a far cry from those long-gone times, but the dis-cussion on governance still continues on in our very own Congress to this day. The exact issues have changes with the times, but gen-eral views on the matter can be split into two groups: those who see the government only as a stabilizing political and economic entity, and those who also see it as a tool for significant change. 
Regardless of the merits of either side, 
there are many purposes of government which many consider inherent to its exist-ence and for which it was originally estab-lished. In exchange for the ability to tax citi-zens for the money required for its oper-ation, the government provides the critical services of public defense and order—police forces, military, civil courts, and so on. The government is usually also responsible for the universal system of standards (or at the very least, adopting and enforcing standards set by the ISO) as well as creating and main-taining transportation, a monetary system, and upholding private ownership (at least in a capitalist system). There are also a number of societal industries and organizations which could be left alone to their own mech-anisms (by means of ultra-conservative laisses-fair policies), but governments usu-ally take an active role in at least rudi-mentary regulation such as professional cer-tification, education, basic human rights and labor laws, and controlling or mitigating the natural ebb of flow of an economy. Indeed, many of the aspects of government which allow higher society to function are great and necessary positives—the conflict arises in questions on using the government’s greater powers. 
The unfortunate reality of the ideological 
divide between so called ‘‘conservatives’’ and ‘‘liberals’’ is that neither side is particularly more correct than the other (regardless of how much they may deride each other). How-ever, it is well known how dangerous great power can be, and it follows from this that the society-changing power that a govern-ment has should be used sparingly. The gov-ernment should use its ‘‘social’’ power when there is little other choice due to deep-root-ed ideologies which directly contradict the concept of equality or threaten the safety and well-being of citizens, as in the 1960s when segregation had to be forcibly abol-ished or when government intervention seemed like the only way to pull the US out 
of the Great Depression. Most every indi-vidual has compassion for his common indi-vidual, but ‘‘compassion’’ cannot simply be legislated through extensive social pro-grams, using money from people who may not even agree with these programs. In all cases, when so much money and so many lives may be at stake, caution must nec-essarily trump passion. 
f 
AIDAN CLARK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Aidan Clark for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Aidan Clark is an 8th grader at Moore Middle School and re-ceived this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Aidan Clark 
is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Aidan Clark for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO JENNA EKSTROM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Jenna Ekstrom for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Jenna has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that she does, and her exem-plary work with the Des Moines Art Center is a testament to that. As the Manager of Mem-bership with the Des Moines Art Center, Jenna is passionate about her work and it shows. Jenna is an active volunteer, giving her time to support worthy causes such as the Greater Des Moines Leadership Institute, Jun-ior League of Des Moines and Housing To-morrow. In all aspects of her life, Jenna’s ex-ample of hard work and service makes our state proud. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Jenna in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Jenna on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING THE TREVINO FAMILY 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Trevino family of Zapata, Texas. Six brothers—Teodoro, Antonio, Anselmo, Filiberto, Jr., Leopoldo, and Jose Manuel— proudly served the United States of America in World War II. Combined, the brothers served a total of fifteen and a half years, and by the end of the war, each was honorably dis-charged. 
The Trevino brothers were born to the late 
Filiberto Trevino and Luisa Cuellar Trevino. During World War II, Teodoro, the eldest, served in the Medical Corps; Antonio served in the Coastal Artillery; Anselmo served in the Engineer Corps; Filiberto, Jr. served in the U.S. Army Air Corps; Leopoldo served in the Field Artillery; and Jose Manuel, the youngest of the brothers, served in the Infantry. Despite the distance between them, the brothers were miraculously able to meet with one another over the course of their service; Antonio was fortunate enough to see each of his brothers. 
Despite the many hardships the brothers 
faced during their service, each was able to overcome whatever obstacles were presented. With support from their loved ones back home—as well as one another—the Trevino brothers dutifully served their country. They were brave, fearlessly taking down enemy planes and saving fellow soldiers by covering them with their own bodies to shield them from incoming enemy fire. 
After four and half years of wartime, the 
Trevino family was finally reunited. By June of 1946, all six of the brothers had returned home to Zapata, Texas. They were proud of their service, and it is with great pleasure that they share their experiences with their children and grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize the Trevino family for their incredible service to our great nation and their fellow countrymen during World War II. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. NORMAN E. 
BORLAUG 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Norman E. 
Borlaug, known as ‘‘the father of the green revolution,’’ was born on March 25, 1914 on a farm outside Cresco, Iowa. Moved during the Great Depression by the examples of hunger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.032 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E416 March 25, 2015 
he witnessed, Dr. Borlaug committed his life to 
developing the then nascent field of plant biol-ogy to increase food production and combat world hunger. The mutation techniques he de-veloped led to high yield, disease resistant wheat varieties suitable for planting around the globe. In honor of his work, Dr. Borlaug was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970, the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1977, and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2007. 
Today, on what would have been his 101st 
birthday, I rise to honor this great native Iowan. Dr. Borlaug revolutionized agriculture and saved over one billion lives from starva-tion. His legacy stands as an example of American ingenuity and the impact one good man can make on the world. I encourage all my colleagues in the House of Representa-tives to visit Dr. Borlaug’s statue in Statuary Hall to reflect on the life and achievements of this great American. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN ANITRIA M. 
MACK 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a resourceful and am-bitious woman, Captain Anitria M. Mack. Anitria has shown what can be done through hard work, dedication and a desire to serve others. 
Captain Anitria Michelle Mack was born on 
April 17, 1975 in Grenada, MS. She graduated from Grenada High School, May 1993. She began her military career in May 1992, enlist-ing in the 254th Engineer Detachment, Camp McCain, MS, under the split option program as an Administrative Specialist. She completed Basic Training the summer of 1992 and Ad-vanced Initial Training the summer of 1993 at Fort Jackson, SC. The 254th Engineer De-tachment later reorganized and became De-tachment 3 Company B 106th Support Bat-talion causing CPT Mack-Lewis to reclassify as a Light Wheeled Vehicle Mechanic. She enrolled in Jackson State University in August, 1993 where she graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Accounting in May, 1997 and a Masters Degree in Business Administration, May, 2000. CPT Mack-Lewis then entered the Federal Officer Candidate School, Fort Benning, GA, July 8, 2001 and was commis-sioned as a Second Lieutenant on October 11, 2001. 
CPT Mack-Lewis simultaneously served as 
the Executive Officer and Maintenance Control Officer of Bravo Company 106th Support Bat-talion from October 2001 thru December 2004, located at Camp Shelby, MS. CPT Mack- Lewis deployed to Iraq in January 2005 as the Supply and Services Officer, where she was the Officer In Charge of all Logistics Convoy Operations for six Forward Operating Bases occupied by the 155th Brigade Combat Team within the ‘‘Triangle of Death’’. Upon return from Iraq, she assumed company command from April 2006–January 2008 of Alpha Com-pany 106th Brigade Support Battalion, a Sup-ply and Distribution Company whose head-quarter is in Magee, MS with detachments at Prentiss and Taylorsville, MS. She then served as the Executive Officer of Joint Forces Headquarters, Jackson, MS from Janu-
ary 2008–May 2009. 
CPT Mack-Lewis has received numerous 
awards throughout her career to include: Meri-torious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, National Defense Service Medals, Global War on Ter-rorism Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, as well as other commendations and state awards. 
CPT Mack-Lewis worked fulltime with the 
Mississippi Army National Guard from January 1999–May 2009 as a federal technician. She served as a Budget Analyst for the Director of Logistics from January, 1999–December, 2004 and as the Employee Relations Specialist for all MS Army and Air National Guard Federal Technicians from January 2005–May 2009. She was then hired on the Active Guard Re-serve Program (AGR) June, 2009. She cur-rently teaches Army ROTC to students attend-ing Mississippi College, MS College School of Law and Hinds Community College. She also serves as ROTC Liaison for National Guard soldiers who attend school at MC, MC School of Law, UMC, JSU, Hinds CC, Belhaven, 
Millsaps, Delta State, and MS Valley State University. She is a member of the Recruiting and Retention Battalion, Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard. She currently serves as a Logis-tics Officer for the 106th Brigade Support Bat-talion, Monticello, MS. She is a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc., Clinton (MS) Alumnae Chapter. She and her husband Paul have been married since August 31, 2002 and currently reside in Terry, MS. They are mem-bers of New Jerusalem Church, Jackson, MS. 
CPT Mack-Lewis’s favorite scripture comes 
from Psalm 27:1–3. ‘‘The Lord is my light and my salvation, whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life, of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even mine enemies and foes came upon me to eat my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though a host should en-camp against me. My heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Captain Anitria M. Mack for her passion and dedication to serving our great Country and desire to make a difference in the lives of others. 
f 
HONORING AVERY BAYHAM 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Avery Bayham attends Dawson High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. On September 11, 2001 four planes were hi-
jacked by the terrorist group al-Qaeda. Two of these planes struck the World Trade Cen-ter in New York City, one of the planes hit the Pentagon, and the other was crashed into a field in Pennsylvania. Hundreds of lives were lost as this event struck fear in the hearts of millions of Americans and dramati-cally changed the status-quo of the United States. Today, almost fifteen years later, we are still able to see the results of this dev-astating event in our everyday society. 
Among the most common effects of 9/11 is 
racism. I am a sophomore in high school, and every day as I walk down the vast halls of my very racially diverse school, I constantly hear racial jokes and stereotypes. After 9/11, the Islamic community in the United States was heavily discriminated against and criti-cized. These so called ‘‘jokes’’ aimed at cer-tain members of our community are ex-tremely disrespectful, immature, and abso-lutely unacceptable. The Declaration of Independence states that ‘‘all men are cre-ated equal’’ and no man has the right to place himself higher due to race. I personally believe that the racial dispute towards Mus-lims after the event generated and propelled forward the racism that we have in society today. 
Another gargantuan effect of 9/11 was that 
the security of the United States dramati-cally increased. This was the first event that seriously caught the attention of the entire population of America since the Cuban Mis-sile Crisis. The security at airports was prob-ably the most noticeable change with ways to try to find bombs, background checks, and body scans. The U.S. has been on the edge of its seat ever since we sent our boys into Af-ghanistan to put a stop to al-Qaeda, which was defeated with the death of Osama Bin Laden. Now, there is a new group known as ISIS, who is currently executing Christians in Europe while the rest of the world is watching helplessly from the sidelines. This group needs to be neutralized as soon as pos-sible; although it isn’t directly attacking the U.S., they are constantly attacking our soci-ety and relationships with others. This group was created in response to the elimination of Osama Bin Laden, the mastermind behind 9/ 11. I have seen friends abandon friends just because of what members of their race have done to each other, and I would hate to have that happen to myself. 
9/11 was an absolutely devastating event in 
America, an event that is still attacking our society today. If 9/11 wouldn’t have occurred, we would have significantly less racial dis-crimination as well as security threats in the United States. When did the U.S. begin to allow our enemies to change us? 
f 
IN APPRECIATION OF RON 
LEGRAND AND HIS YEARS OF 
SERVICE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, today, as 
ranking member and former chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, I join with my col-leagues, Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, and Representative R
OBERT C. 
‘‘BOBBY ’’ S COTT , the former chairman and 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, in expressing our appreciation for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.035 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E417 March 25, 2015 
Ron LeGrand’s years of service to the com-
mittee. 
Ron has enjoyed a distinguished career in 
service to our Nation. Prior to joining the staff of the committee, he worked for the Drug En-forcement Administration, the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice, the House Se-lect Committee on Narcotics, and the staff of Senator J
OSEPH BIDEN on the Senate Judiciary 
Committee. 
In the private sector and in public service, 
Ron has dedicated himself to protecting the rights of those who have been victimized by crime. 
During his time with the committee, Ron 
worked tirelessly on the hard-fought reauthor-ization of the Violence Against Women Act, a historic law to assist victims of domestic vio-lence and prevent future acts of domestic vio-lence. He also worked on important legislation to protect seniors against those who would prey upon them. Ron’s ability to build coali-tions on both sides of the aisle and with out-side stakeholders on human trafficking and drug legislation was critical to the passage of several important bills that have since become law. 
In recent years, Ron dedicated himself to 
the examination and reform of our criminal jus-tice system, culminating with his work on the Over-criminalization Task Force. We appre-ciate his magnanimity, energy, and enthu-siasm, which has helped immensely in gener-ating a bipartisan desire to address this issue. 
In these and other legislative and oversight 
issues, Ron has displayed a high degree of professionalism and personal commitment, providing the members of the committee and staff with wise counsel. 
We thank Ron for years of selfless service 
and wish him the very best as he leaves pub-lic service to continue his efforts in fighting do-mestic violence through his new position at the National Network to End Domestic Vio-lence. All of his colleagues will miss him dear-ly and continue to value his friendship into the future. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO DANIEL HOFFMAN- 
ZINNEL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Daniel Hoffman-Zinnel for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning cen-tral Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Daniel has the determination and talent to 
be successful in all that he does, and his work with Planned Parenthood of the Heartland is a testament to that commitment. As the Director 
of Education and Leadership with Planned Parenthood of the Heartland, Daniel is able to pursue a personal passion of his in his profes-sional life. He maintains an active schedule outside work, volunteering for numerous orga-nizations, including the Iowa Cancer Consor-tium. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Daniel in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to better both his community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Daniel on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
ABIGAIL ESPINOZA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Abigail Espinoza for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Abigail Espinoza is a 12th grader at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Abigail 
Espinoza is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to Abi-
gail Espinoza for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE SACRED HEART SCHOOL 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Sacred Heart Elementary School, located in Rockaway, Morris County, New Jersey as it celebrates its 50th anniver-sary. 
Since the school opened its doors in Sep-
tember of 1965, Sacred Heart School has been dedicated to fostering its students’ moral development as well as their academic ca-reers. Located in the center of the Borough of Rockaway, Sacred Heart teaches pre-kinder-garten through eighth grade, and attracts stu-dents from all across Morris County. When the school was founded in 1965, were enrolled. The first class to graduate Sacred Heart in 1971 was a mere 15 people! Over the last fifty years, the student body has more than tripled to over 200 boys and girls. Sacred Heart School is a private Catholic in-
stitution with the mission of providing aca-demic excellence, sound instruction, and a choice of activities which permits students to explore their talents as well as their interests. They offer something more which includes academic excellence, principle leadership val-ues, and a strong spirit of community. Sacred Heart School has the philosophy of education of the child including spiritually, academically, emotionally, socially, and physically. Their goal is not just produce good students, but well- rounded people. 
The school’s dedication to its students has 
not gone unnoticed. Sacred Heart has been recognized as a ‘‘Best Practice School’’ by the Home and School Federation of the Diocese of Paterson on four separate occasions. In 2004, Sacred Heart won its first Best Practice Award for its Peer Mentoring Program be-tween 4th and 8th graders. In 2005, it re-ceived another Best Practice Award for Aca-demics for its Career Day that it holds annu-ally during Catholic Schools Week. In 2006, the school was recognized with a third Best Practice Award for continually surveying their community to ensure all of their needs are met, and always looking to better the way they serve their students. In 2007, the school re-ceived a fourth Best Practice Award for its Monday Lunch Program, where every Monday a new student provides a lunch based on his or her own cultural background in order to pro-mote understanding and appreciation of cul-tural differences. Additionally, the Sacred Heart School was awarded the prestigious ‘‘Star School Award’’ by the Diocese for its outstanding Literacy for Life program. Star Schools are recognized for being on the ‘‘cut-ting edge’’ and for promoting high student achievement and outstanding performance. 
Under the leadership of the qualified and 
credentialed teachers and faculty Sacred Heart strives to instill a deep love of God, neighbor, and country within their students. They want to nurture their spirits a long with their minds, as well as create a strong sup-portive community built on the values of love and faith. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to recognize the 50th anniversary of this won-derful school dedicated to fostering an envi-ronment not just for students to grow in aca-demics but in their faith as well. 
f 
HONORING JEDD MOSKOWITZ 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of my Chief of Staff, Jedd Moskowitz, who will be retiring from Capitol Hill after 32 years of exemplary service to the constituents of New York. Thirty of these years were spent with former Congressman Gary Ackerman, and I was lucky to have benefitted from his guidance for the past two and a half years. 
Jedd started his career at the Queens Trib-
une working as a copy editor for Congress-man Ackerman. When Congressman Acker-man ran and won a seat in the New York State Senate, Jedd remained by his side. In 1983, after five years in the State Senate, Congressman Ackerman was elected to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.038 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E418 March 25, 2015 
United States Congress, and soon named 
Jedd his Chief of Staff 
Loyal, diligent, dedicated, hardworking all 
describe the model character Jedd has shown in this position. His knowledge of the House and its proceedings is unparalleled, his advice invaluable, and his willingness to help and mentor young staffers unmatched. He is cur-
rently the longest serving Chief of Staff on The Hill. 
I would be remiss not to include baseball fa-
natic when describing him, as Jedd holds an annual tradition of inviting each member of his staff to attend a baseball game come spring-time. Though his season tickets are for the Nationals, his heart remains with his home-town team, the New York Mets. Jedd also re-mains active in his Synagogue, and is a de-voted family man to his wife and two children. 
I ask that my colleagues in the House of 
Representatives join me and rise in recogni-tion of Jedd’s faithful service to this body, and to the countless people whose paths he has crossed and whose lives he’s enriched. Jedd, I wish you the best of luck and continued suc-cess in all of your future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL 
TYRONE A. WILLIAMS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Lieutenant Colonel Tyrone A. Wil-liams. 
Lt. Col. Tyrone A. Williams serves as the 
172d Maintenance Operations Flight’s Mainte-nance Operations Officer, Thompson Field, in Jackson, Mississippi. He is the primary advisor to the 172d Maintenance Group Commander for Maintenance Operations, operating block 13+ and, 16/17 C–17A aircraft, providing the state of Mississippi support in the event of na-tional emergency, maintaining peace and order, and supporting civil defense and pre-at-tack planning. 
Lt. Col. Williams is responsible for 20 per-
sonnel, nine C–17 aircraft, two major facilities, and associated support equipment. 
Lt. Col. Williams set up both the Air National 
Guard’s first Air Education and Training Com-mand gained training detachment and the Air National Guard’s only C–17 Aircraft Mainte-nance Training Field Service Detachment. 
Lt. Col. Williams began his military career 
as an enlisted member, serving as an Aircraft Maintenance Specialist on the C–141 B and C model aircraft. He received his commission in 1998, graduating from the Academy of Military Science at McGhee Tyson Air National Guard Base. He is a career logistician with a dis-cipline in maintenance. Lt. Col. Williams has been deployed numerous times in his career in support of both the real world and the spe-cial training events. In 2009, he served as the Division Chief, Logistics Operations Division, Logistics Directorate, United States Central Command Air Force Forces Forward in South-west Asia. Lt. Col. Williams is a veteran of Op-erations Just Cause, Desert Shield/Desert Storm, Noble Eagle, Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom, Joint Task Force Horn of Africa and the European Strategic Inter-theater Deploy-ment. Lt. Col. Williams has had many assignments 
and prior to his current assignment; he served as the 172d Maintenance Operations Flight Commander and the Logistics Group, Execu-tive Officer, 172d Airlift Wing, Thompson Field, Jackson, Mississippi. As executive officer he assisted the Director of Logistics in formu-lating, developing, and coordinating all plans, policies and programs, finances and man-power requirements affecting aircraft mainte-nance, fuels, logistics plans, munitions, supply and transportation. 
Lt. Col. Williams has a vast knowledge of 
education which includes a Master of Science Degree from Air University, AL received in 2009 and most recently in 2012 completed Commander Development Course from An-drews Air Force Base, MD. 
Lt. Col. Williams has major awards and 
decorations: Air Force Commendation Medal with 1st Oak Leaf Cluster; Air Force Achieve-ment Medal with 2nd Oak Leaf Cluster; Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with 9 Devices; Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medal with 3 Devices; and National Defense Service Medal with 1 Device. 
Lt. Col. Williams has state awards that in-
clude: Mississippi War Medal; Mississippi Emergency Service Medal; Mississippi Service School Medal; Mississippi Longevity Medal; Louisiana Emergency Service Medal; Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal; Global War on Terrorism Service Medal; Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon with Gold Bor-der with 1 Device; Air Force Longevity Service Ribbon with 2 Devices; Armed Forces Re-serve Medal with 2 ‘M’ Devices; and Air Force Training Ribbon with Device. 
Lt. Col. Williams is affiliated with many pro-
fessional memberships and associations and a Life Member of the National Guard Associa-tion of the United States, Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States and Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Lt. Col. Williams for his dedica-tion and support to the national and state Mili-tary Services. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 194TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF GREEK INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, as co-chair and co-founder of the Congressional Caucus on Hellenic Issues, I rise today to celebrate the 194th anniversary of Greece’s declaration of independence from the Ottoman Empire. Inspired by an intense belief in the right to self-governance, the an-cient Greeks pioneered the notion of democ-racy. The founding of our own great nation was built upon a similar desire for self-govern-ance. Our shared dedication to democracy unites our countries and has preserved the strength of our close relationship. 
After generations of oppression, Greece’s 
freedom was hard-fought, and the Republic of Greece has become a shining example of de-mocracy to the world. Today, Greeks and their friends around the world celebrate March 25th as the day when the Greeks began the long, hard war for independence. It is a day of joy 
and pride for a great people and I’m very proud to acknowledge the remarkable con-tributions that the Hellenic people have made throughout the world. 
As many of my colleagues know, New York 
City is home to the largest Hellenic population outside of Greece and Cyprus and I have the honor of representing a large community of Greeks in Astoria, Queens. In Manhattan, we celebrate Greek Independence Day with a pa-rade on 5th Avenue, which I have been hon-ored to participate in over the years. 
Greece and the Greek people are such crit-
ical allies and dear friends of the United States and today I’m very proud to stand with my Greek brothers and sisters to celebrate the anniversary of their independence. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Greek Independence Day. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO EMILY HAMILTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Emily Hamilton for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Emily has the determination and drive to be 
successful in all that she does, and her exem-plary work with The Des Moines ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Foundation is a testament to that. As the Executive Director of this Foundation, Emily is passionate about going the extra mile. Emily is an active volunteer, frequently giving her time to support worthy causes. In all as-pects of her life Emily’s example of hard work and service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Emily in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Emily on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HENRI DUYGULU 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.041 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E419 March 25, 2015 
the 22nd Congressional District who serve on 
my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Henri Duygulu attends Dawson High School 
in Pearland, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
HOWTHESEPTEMBER 11 A TTACKS HAS 
CHANGED THE COUNTRY  
Thirteen years ago the terrorist attack of 
9/11 on the Twin Towers and the Pentagon af-fected the United States of America greatly. Four main points were affected—first nearly a decade of war, deportation and importa-tion, transportation, and the National Secu-rity Advisory (NSA). 
Within under a month the United States 
(US) deployed US troops into Afghanistan and within 2 years after in Iraq. The war be-came harder to gain the public’s approval be-cause in 13 years the US government spent around 42 billion dollars and between 2001 and 2011, nearly 2 million troops were de-ployed to Afghanistan or Iraq. In that time, more than 6,000 American troops were killed, and roughly 44,000 wounded. Of returning service members, more than 18 percent have post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or de-pression, and almost 20 percent reported suf-fering from traumatic brain injury (TBI) during deployment. 
After 9/11 the Bush administration created 
the Department of Homeland Security in 2002. The Department of Homeland Security was meant to strengthen the US borders. After US Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment deportations nearly doubled About 400,000 immigrants we’re being deported an-nually per year, only half had been convicted of a criminal crime. As you can see after 9/ 11 it was much harder to become a US citizen or even get into the country due to more se-curity for the citizens. 
The transportation industry had a huge 
impact on airports due to the hijacking of the planes directed at the towers and Pen-tagon. Back before the attack people could show up 30 minutes before their flight and walk through security without identifica-tion. After the attack airports became much more secure security-wise. To get threw an airport now a days it takes over an hour going through many checks and having to follow countless rules and in some cases get-ting patted down or arrested. Not only avia-tion was effected, leaving through the US borders requires a passport now and you get fully inspected. The country became safer after these changes, but made travel harder. 
Over the years, mini rumors have been said 
about the NSA. All of this traces back to the attacks on 9/11. 9/11 was the first terrorist at-tack on US soil and the attack devastated the country and it helped us realize that there were a lot of holes in our security and that a lot of people wanted to kill us. Be-cause all these factors added up, the NSA watches over very carefully looking for threats within the country. The government funded the NSA 52.6 billion dollars in 2013 to use spy agency’s to look through media and communication. Some US citizens find this scary, but in the long run who cares if the government knows a secret of yours? They are using it to keep us safe. Through these points, I have shown evi-
dence of how the attacks of 9/11 have changed our country, some for the better some for the worse. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE KING 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 130, had I been present, I would have voted NO. 
f 
AUDREN WILKERSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Audren Wilkerson for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Audren Wilkerson is an 8th grader at Oberon Middle School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Audren 
Wilkerson is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Audren Wilkerson for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PRINCESS MAHA CHAKRI 
SIRINDHORN—60TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join mil-
lions of people in Thailand—the United States’ oldest ally in Asia—to celebrate Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn’s 60th birthday, which will occur on April 2nd. Princess Sirindhorn is the third child of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, and the only foreign monarch to be born on the U.S. mainland. 
Born in 1955, Maha Chakri Sirindhorn has 
followed closely in her parents’ footsteps, trav-eling across Thailand to hear Thai’s problems and respond with royal development projects. 
By 1980, she was launching her own devel-
opment projects, initially focused on disadvan-taged and malnourished children. Aside from providing immediate assistance, she promoted integrated farming for overall resilience and more sustainable sources of nutrition. Public health has remained a lifelong concern: the Princess is the President of the Thai Red Cross Society and chairperson of the Prince Mahidol Foundation, which bestows globally recognized awards for achievements in public 
health and medicine. 
Princess Sirindhorn soon expanded her 
projects to encompass education, increasing access for children in need so they would have better opportunities in life. Her approach and philosophy are deeply rooted in human rights and self-sufficiency. 
‘‘Those at the margins of society have rights 
to a good standard of living. Access to edu-cation is a fundamental human right. Edu-cation provides opportunities to learn and live sufficiently. Knowledge can be valued re-sources to help others or the community,’’ she has said. 
Her more than 100 projects are aimed at 
improving livelihoods, raising the status of women, helping the disabled, protecting the environment and wildlife. Many have been supported by agencies such as FAO, WHO, and Johns Hopkins University. 
The scholarships she grants to students are 
helping to nurture and create new generations of talented Thais dedicated to public service. Tech savvy and up to date on information technology, the Princess promotes Thailand’s traditional culture and arts among the younger generation. 
Through her hard work and dedication, the 
Princess has earned endearment and respect from the Thai people, who fondly called her ‘‘Princess Angel’’. I join them in celebrating the auspicious occasion of Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn’s 60th birth-day and wishing her good health. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN BUDGET 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak on yet another horrible Repub-lican budget. It seems like ground hog day, Mr. Speaker. 
Just like last year, and the year before, and 
the year before that. . . . The Republican budget once again attacks our seniors, our students, workers, and middle class families— all for the sake of protecting tax breaks for the rich. Their budget proposal is another recipe for disaster at a time when too many Ameri-cans—especially people of color—are des-perately struggling to make ends meet. 
As a key member of the CBC’s Education 
Task Force, I am concerned that it would out-right deplete our nation’s commitment to edu-cation, since Republicans included severe cuts in elementary and secondary education, as well as in early learning programs. 
Just in my state of Florida alone: this budget 
on the House floor today would result in: (compared to President Obama’s budget pro-posal) 
1,400 fewer Florida children in Head Start; Nearly $75 million less funding in Florida for 
disadvantaged students, an amount that is enough to fund 160 schools, over 1,000 teach-er and aide jobs, and over 100,000 students. 
Over $18 million less funding in Florida to 
provide educational opportunities for students with disabilities, representing nearly a 3 per-cent cut, and reduce financial aid for the more than half a million Florida students who rely on Pell Grants to afford college. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.045 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E420 March 25, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, we need to send this Repub-
lican budget back to the drawing board. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO TRESSA MYRTLE 
EPPS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Tressa Myrtle Epps on the up-coming celebration of her 110th birthday on March 30th, 2015. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Tressa’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Tressa has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- four Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
Tressa in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 110th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Ms. Epps on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her continued health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CARMEL 
HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS SWIM TEAM ON THEIR HISTORIC STATE CHAMPIONSHIP WIN 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the Carmel High School Girls Swim team for winning the 2014– 2015 Girls Swimming State Championship title. This state title is a momentous win for the Lady Greyhounds, as it marks their 29th con-secutive state championship title, which ties the national record for the most consecutive state championship wins in any sport. 
While their 29th consecutive state title is 
momentous on its own, what the Lady Grey-hound swim team accomplished during the state championship was even more extraor-dinary than that. The Lady Greyhounds broke thirteen state records at the state champion-ship meet, four of which also broke national records. 
To recap their record breaking state title, six 
individual records were broken, four records were broken by relay teams—all four of which also broke national records—and the team as a whole broke 3 records. The team won 9 out of 11 events, breaking the state record for most first place event wins. They also broke records for most points scored, scoring 445 out of 544 points possible, and widest margin of victory, beating the second place team by 266 points. These extraordinary achievements at the state championship speak for them-selves, and have led many to refer to this team as the best team ever in high school 
girls swimming. 
The Lady Greyhounds, under the leadership 
of Coach Chris Plumb, have put forth an in-credible amount of hard work and dedication. The team trains year-round, puts in countless hours in the pool and weight room, and have supportive parents who are just as dedicated to helping achieve great success. 
Coach Plumb has been head coach of the 
Lady Greyhounds since 2006, leading them to 9 of their last 29 consecutive titles. Coach Plumb leads by example and inspires his swimmers with his coaching and character. He works tirelessly to motivate, train, and push his swimmers to dream big and reach their goals. High school sports are a special experi-ence. They teach discipline, build character, and allow young men and women to have an experience they will remember for a lifetime. This team exemplifies the wonderful attributes that high school sports teach, and I am proud to represent such a hardworking and highly re-garded group of young women and coaches. 
Once again, congratulations to the Carmel 
High School Girls Swim team. I look forward to cheering the team on through another great season next year and send my best wishes as the Lady Greyhounds work toward breaking the national record for most consecutive wins. Go Greyhounds! 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I unfortu-
nately missed votes on March 23, 2015, due to weather. I missed recorded votes #130 and #131. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were present. 
On Roll Call #130, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ 
(Passage of H.R. 360, Native American Hous-ing Assistance and Self-Determination Reau-thorization Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call #131, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ 
(Passage of H. Res. 162, Calling on the Presi-dent to provide Ukraine with military assist-ance to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity). 
f 
ADAM COOK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Adam Cook for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Adam Cook is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and re-ceived this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Adam 
Cook is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to 
Adam Cook for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHRYN CARRABINE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to 
interact with some of the brightest students in the 22nd Congressional District who serve on my Congressional Youth Advisory Council. I have gained much by listening to the high school students who are the future of this great nation. They provide important insight into the concerns of our younger constituents and hopefully get a better sense of the impor-tance of being an active participant in the po-litical process. Many of the students have writ-ten short essays on a variety of topics and I am pleased to share them with my House col-leagues. 
Kathryn Carrabine attends Dulles High 
School in Sugar Land, Texas. The essay topic is: select an important event that has occurred in the past 15 years and explain how that event has changed our country. 
Changes occur in our country for many 
reasons and sometimes the impact is detri-mental. In particular, the Obamacare abor-tion pill mandate that requires all employers to offer insurance and must include preven-tive care; which includes numerous birth controls and at least four of which cause 
abortions. Some companies are morally op-posed to this; however, if they choose to not include this provision, they would have to pay $100 per employee every day. With this act a company is forced to follow this federal law or go bankrupt. As few companies try to go against a federal law, this one stands out to companies owned by devout Christians. As abortion is against what many Christians, as well as other religions, believe, why is this mandate included in a federal law? 
One case receiving notable attention, 
Hobby Lobby vs. Burwell, the Supreme Court voted against Hobby Lobby which could have caused the owners of the company to pay over $1.4 million a day. They had to con-template bankruptcy or acting against their moral beliefs. As they were faced with a hard decision, they chose to remain in business and to provide the insurance; but what did this mean for what they believed in? Should they just sit back and hold their tongue on a very important topic to them and many more? Hobby Lobby is not the only ones who are upset with this mandate. Many Catholic hospitals and private schools are also having a hard time facing this mandate. Many have compromised their religious beliefs that abortion is not acceptable, but they are being forced by the government in order to comply with the mandate and to stay in business. How can Christian schools teach their religion that abortion is not accept-able, when they have to provide insurance that condones preventative care resulting in abortion? Many suggest that this is going against the 1st Amendment regarding free-dom of religion. Every American has the freedom to believe in what they chose to be-lieve regarding religion. Unfortunately, free-dom of religion and compliance with govern-ment mandates are causing conflict for many Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.048 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E421 March 25, 2015 
The Obamacare abortion pill mandate has 
changed the country in a way that people are thinking for themselves and standing up for what they deem to be morally appropriate. As Americans contend with government re-quirements, one can only hope that govern-ment decision makers will seek to under-stand and respect the religious beliefs of all constitutes. As younger people are growing up, isn’t this what we want in the world? As Americans, we strive to do our best and re-spect the government, but is the government respecting everyone else? As many things run through our head, such as this con-troversial topic, it changes the way we think, which changes the world little by lit-tle, day by day. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
AND CONGRESSIONAL PROGRES-SIVE CAUCUS BUDGET ALTER-NATIVES 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, in devel-
oping the Democratic alternative budget, we sought and received input from all parts of our Democratic Caucus. The result is a budget that I believe reflects the values and priorities of our Democratic Caucus, and the values and priorities of the American public. While no budget offers each and every idea we might include as individuals, the final product is a powerful vision of how to reward Americans who are working hard to get ahead and to pro-mote economic opportunity for all Americans. 
Both the Congressional Black Caucus 
(CBC) and the Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) budgets contain some impor-tant ideas and initiatives that are not included in the Democratic alternative budget. I believe that both are far superior to the Republican budgets on the Floor today. 
The CBC budget contains additional invest-
ments in education and other areas that I sup-port and believe are important to our future. While the plan includes somewhat higher rev-enues and spending than in the Democratic alternative and the President’s request, I sup-port the increased investment and revenue levels it provides. 
The Progressive budget also contains many 
initiatives and policy changes I support that are not included in the Democratic alternative budget, including a 4 percent cost-of-living pay increase for federal employees to help com-pensate for years of pay freezes. I also sup-port adding a public option to the ACA ex-changes, a proposal that is included in the CBC plan. In addition, I support a financial market trading fee, and have put forward an ‘‘Action Plan to Grow the Paychecks of All, Not Just the Wealthy Few’’ that would use the revenue to provide more tax relief to the mid-dle class and those working to join the middle class. The tax relief includes paycheck tax credits for American workers, as well as a number of incentives for apprenticeships and training programs and for employee profit- sharing and retirement savings. One of those incentives would use tax policy to leverage higher pay for hard working employees. Spe-cifically, the CEO-Employee Paycheck Fair-ness Act, which I introduced, prevents cor-porations from claiming tax deductions for CEO and executive bonuses and other com-
pensation over $1 million, unless their workers are getting paycheck increases that reflect in-creases in worker productivity and the cost of living. The action plan also includes a modern-ized and expanded Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit that goes beyond the President’s proposal in important ways, including by mak-ing it refundable. 
Similarly, I strongly support putting a price 
on carbon, and have introduced legislation— the Healthy Climate and Family Security Act— to create a cap and dividend program to reli-ably lower carbon emissions and auction off permits to the first-sellers of fossil fuels. I be-lieve it is important, however, to offset poten-tial increases in energy costs for American homeowners, so my bill provides a dividend to every American. Professor James Boyce of the University of Massachusetts—Amherst has calculated that this approach will leave about 80 percent of American families with more money in their pocket at the end of the day. This legislation has been endorsed by Bill McKibben and key organizations including the Sierra Club, the Chesapeake Climate Action Network, and Communities United (Maryland). 
In the case of both of these policies, the 
Progressive Caucus budget spends the pro-ceeds on other program priorities. It has $2.7 trillion more spending than in the President’s budget and the Democratic alternative, and $2 trillion more the CBC budget. The Progressive Caucus budget has $5 trillion more revenue over ten years than both the President’s budg-et and the Democratic alternative budget, and almost $4 trillion more than the CBC budget. This is in part because the CPC budget does not rebate all of the carbon tax and does not use revenue from the financial market trading fee to provide tax benefits for low- and middle- income Americans. 
While I support many of the initiatives in the 
Progressive Caucus budget, I believe we should use the revenue generated by a finan-cial market trading fee and a price on carbon to more directly boost family incomes and as-sist those struggling to find work. Like Leader P
ELOSI and others who share many CPC prior-
ities, I differ on some of the details of their pol-icy changes. But most of all I am very grateful to the CPC for their significant contribution in the development of the Democratic Alternative and for their vision—which I share—of a grow-ing economy with more shared prosperity. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO BRENNA FINNERTY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate and recognize Brenna Finnerty for being named a 2015 Forty Under 40 honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, Business Record. 
Since 2000, Business Record has under-
taken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of young leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities and their careers. Each year, forty up-and-coming community and business leaders under 40 years of age are selected for this prestigious honor based on a combined criteria of community involve-ment and success in their chosen career field. 
The 2015 class of Forty Under 40 honorees will join an impressive roster of 560 business leaders and growing. 
Brenna has the determination and drive to 
be successful in all that she undertakes, dem-onstrated by her exemplary work with the Blank Children’s Hospital. As the Annual Giv-ing Director with Blank Children’s Hospital, Brenna actively engages with her community to make it a better place. Her passion for vol-unteering is evident, as is her enthusiasm in supporting a worthy cause. In all aspects of her life, Brenna’s example of hard work and service makes our state proud. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Brenna in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better both her community and the great state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Brenna on receiving this esteemed designation, thanking those at Business Record for their great work, and wishing each member of the 2015 Forty Under 40 class a long and successful career. 
f 
HONORING BELLE FLOWER 
CHURCH 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable histor-ical church, Belle Flower Church of Grenada, Mississippi and the great leadership it is under. 
In the year of our Lord, eighteen hundred 
sixty-eight (1868), the first Black Baptist Church was established in Grenada—then a part of Yalobusha County. 
The newly organized church was known as 
the Colored Baptist Church. Members were led by Rev. Larry Patterson, who served as pastor for a number of years. 
In September 1872, Lot #119 was deeded 
to the church by George W. Ragsdale. The lot was situated in the West Ward of Grenada. Ragsdale said that members of the Colored Baptist Church could continue to possess the land as long as the site was used exclusively for church purposes, if members conducted themselves with good behavior and if they paid taxes. If they misbehaved in an unbe-coming manner or failed to pay taxes, the land would be seized. 
In 1876, the church was pregnant with many 
possibilities. Due to the severe labor pains of an unknown dispute among church members, Belle Flower gave birth to a daughter. She was named First New Hope Missionary Baptist Church. 
A.H. Stevens was encouraged to open a 
high school at the church in 1888. He planned to offer the basic courses of study, as well as instrumental music. 
Since its establishment in 1868, the Belle 
Flower flock has been led by nineteen shep-herds. They are Reverends: Larry Patterson, George Wright, S.P. Martin, Jerry Weathers, Augustus Nabors, D. Higgins, A.L. Hills, Jo-seph Peterson, Willis Varnado, Robert Varnado, J.B. Webb, W.H. Turner, A.D. Banks, H.L. Barnes, S.T. Cunningham, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.052 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E422 March 25, 2015 
Tommie Lee Miller (1968–1984), Booker T. 
Moore (1985–1988), Melvin Montgomery (1988–2004), and Randy Jackson (2004– present). 
From the inception until 1959–60, services 
were held only on the second and fourth Sun-day. 
The church was re-built in 1917 under the 
leadership of Rev. Augustus Nabors and com-mittee members: Jeff Banks, Rev. Jas Bostic and Rev. R.S. Bostic. The annex was added in 1945 led by Rev. J.E. Webb. The com-mittee members were: Rev. L.E. Smith, A.U. Fields, W.H. Bostic, (grandfather of Belle Flower member, Mrs. Dannette Woods), F.H. Johnson, T. Person, James Clark and Rev. B.S. Bostic, who was the designer of the annex. 
Belle Flower has always been a trendsetter 
and a trailblazer in this community. When the Civil Rights Movement came to Grenada in 1966, the church was poised to take its rightful place in history. 
Because the Belle Flower Church member-
ship believed in binding up the broken-hearted and setting the captives free, this edifice be-came the headquarters for the Grenada Coun-ty Freedom Movement (GCFM). The Southern Christian Leadership Conference’s (SCLC) local staff offices were housed in the Sunday School rooms of the church. Mass meetings were held at the church nightly. Key civil rights leaders spoke at the church, including: Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Rev. Andrew Young, Rev. Ralph Abernathy, Rev. Hoses Williams, and folk singer/activist Joan Baez. 
Belle Flower’s pastor, S.T. Cunningham, 
served as treasurer of the GCFM. Members of the congregation followed his leadership in the quest for freedom by serving in many capac-ities. They demonstrated and marched; pro-vided housing for civil rights workers; and cooked for SCLC staff. Melzina Cook (sister of Belle Flower’s member, Thomas Cook) served on the GCFM steering committee. 
Some members went to jail (Tommy Lee 
Green, Melzina Cook, Estelle Lemon-Cox, Paul Williams, Andrew Hooker, and others) and some members lost their jobs (Lottie Wil-liams, Mother of Belle Flower members, Gloria Lott and LaRita Brown; and Emma Lemon, mother of Estelle Cox) in the struggle for their basic human rights. Night after night people marched out of Belle Flower Church to face down mobs of hate-filled racists. Their efforts and their bravery should never be forgotten. 
On January 22, 1967, Belle Flower was fire 
bombed because of its role in the Civil Rights movement. While repairs were being made to the facility, services were held at First New Hope Church. 
In 1968, several Grenada citizens partici-
pated in the Poor People’s Campaign (also known as The Mule Train) to Washington, D.C. The southern leg of the Mule Train began on May 13, 1968, in Marks, Miss. The Mule Train’s third stop was Grenada. The pickup point for participants was Belle Flower Church. 
During the years following the Civil Rights 
Movement, the church made many modern improvements. They included: purchasing and bricking the parsonage, adding a new finance room, adding and remodeling the fellowship hall, refurbishing the sanctuary, (cushioning benches, carpeting floors) purchasing new pul-pit furniture, purchasing a public address sys-tem and adding the conic. In 2004, the members purchased the block 
adjacent to the church. 
The church has added ministries over the 
years to meet the needs of the members. A Young Adult Choir was added to the Music Ministry in the 1970s. The Nurse’s Guild was established in the 1980s. Programs for the needy provided food and clothing for area citi-zens. Programs for the children included: the Red Circle, YWA, Sunshine Band and Youth Brotherhood. In 1993, A Daisy Girl Scout troop was established for five-year-old girls in the community. 
In 1976, the organ was purchased through 
the efforts of Mrs. Mary E. Caffey, who spon-sored a Bicentennial Baby Contest. 
Belle Flower has always had a welcoming 
and liberal atmosphere. The members set spiritual standards for the Belle Flower chil-dren and took pride in the success of its youth. 
Knowing that they needed to leave a spir-
itual legacy, adults trained the churches’ chil-dren according to scripture (Proverbs 22:6). 
Belle Flower created an environment for its 
children to grow and flourish spiritually. The fourth Sunday of each month was set aside for the youth. The youths’ commitment and zeal for this church was so great that college students would return home monthly to fulfill their obligation as youth choir members, musi-cians, junior ushers, junior deacons, youth Sunday School teachers and youth super-intendent. 
Church families and ministries have given 
their time, talents and treasures as a testa-ment to the love they have for ‘‘The Flower’’. Some of these gifts included: brass candle holders, steps for the water fountain, the mar-quee, Bibles, choir robes and uniforms, a piano, the minor over the baptism pool, a po-dium for the fellowship hall, the drapes over the baptism pool, tables and chairs. 
For generations, this church has stood as a 
pillar in the Grenada Community. It has been a shelter in the time of a storm, a rock in a weary land, and a cornerstone of the commu-nity. 
Because of the love, training and support 
members received at Belle Flower, they have made an indelible mark on the world as med-ical personnel, authors, beauticians, adminis-trators, soldiers, manufacturers, teachers and ministers. More importantly, however, for 137 years, this church has gifted the world with saved, sanctified souls dedicated to preparing others to see the kingdom of God. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Belle Flower Church for its con-tribution to the black community and black churches. 
f 
HONORING ROGER GARZA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the accomplishments of retiring City Councilman Roger Garza of Pleasanton, Texas. He has proudly represented the people of District 5 for eighteen years and has been crucial to the growth and prosperity of Atascosa County and the City of Pleasanton. 
A lifelong resident of Atascosa County, Mr. 
Garza attended Jourdanton Elementary and graduated from Pleasanton Independent 
Schools. After graduating, Roger enrolled in San Antonio College where he studied oil painting, still life portraits, and photography. With a keen interest in and talent for art, Mr. Garza went on to open Pleasanton Floral Pho-tography and Tuxedo in 1975, which he still owns and operates today. 
As a small business owner and Atascosa 
County native, Mr. Garza has long-been active in local community and political affairs. Prior to his election to Pleasanton’s City Council, he was a key player in the successful redistricting of Atascosa County. This success is what prompted him to run for Pleasanton City Council eighteen years ago. During his eight-een-year tenure on the city council, Roger Garza has supported and overseen the devel-opment and completion of the Pleasanton Civic Center, the cleaning of the Atascosa River, and the approval of the construction firm for a new fire station. 
In addition to his exemplary career as a 
public servant and small business owner, Mr. Garza is a committed husband and father of five. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize Councilman Roger Garza for his eighteen years of service to the City of Pleasanton. 
f 
ANGELO DIAZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Angelo Diaz for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Angelo Diaz is a 12th grader at Arvada High School and re-ceived this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. 
The dedication demonstrated by Angelo 
Diaz is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. 
I extend my deepest congratulations to An-
gelo Diaz for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, March 25, 2015, my vote on the Ellison/Grijalva/Lee/Schakowsky/Conyers/ McDermott Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute, known as the CPC Budget (rollcall vote 136) was recorded as a ‘‘No’’ vote when I intended to cast a ‘‘Yes’’ vote. I wish to clar-ify my miscast vote and express my strong support for progressive budgets that invest in everyone, not just the 1%. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.055 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E423 March 25, 2015 
The Congressional Progressive Caucus’ Fis-
cal Year 2016 Budget—entitled the ‘‘People’s Budget’’—is a powerful, profound statement of American values and vision. The CPC fiscal plan recognizes that the middle class is the true engine of our nation’s economy by giving working Americans a well-earned and long overdue raise with paid overtime and guaran-teed sick and parental leave. 
The CPC Budget charts a bold course of 
economic growth for America. It creates 8.4 million jobs, modernizes our nation’s sagging infrastructure, makes crucial investments in education and enhances the social safety net. The Budget recognizes that comprehensive immigration reform is both a moral and an 
economic necessity. It is a roadmap to Amer-ican success in the 21st century global econ-omy. 
The CPC Budget is aptly named; it is an 
economic plan that creates jobs, expands health security and guarantees a dignified re-tirement for everyone in America. I am proud to support the CPC ‘‘People’s Budget.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE AND 
WORK OF MR. WILLIE R. BRAD-SHAW 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and remember Mr. Willie R. Brad-shaw, a friend and lifelong resident of his na-tive Durham, North Carolina who was called to be with God on March 23, 2015 at the age of 86. 
Willie R. Bradshaw was born on September 
17, 1928 in Durham, North Carolina and was educated in the Durham Public Schools. He became an outstanding athlete at Hillside High School where he played on the 1943 football team that was undefeated that season. He graduated in 1945 and went on to attend North Carolina College, now North Carolina Central University. After, Mr. Bradshaw played professional baseball as a pitcher for several Negro League teams. 
Mr. Bradshaw was a respected coach, hav-
ing coached at I.E. Johnson in Laurinburg, Lincoln High in Chapel Hill, and Dudley High in Greensboro before returning to Hillside to coach in 1963. He served as coach and ath-letic director at Hillside High for 15 years, and then as athletic director for the former-Durham City Schools system, becoming the first Afri-can American athletic director in both the City and County of Durham. 
Mr. Bradshaw devoted a lifetime of service 
to his city and his alma mater. After a suc-cessful athletic career, he joined the NCCU Athletic Hall of Fame in 1985. In 1995, Mr. Bradshaw was inducted into the North Caro-lina High School Hall of Fame and the Na-tional High School Hall of Fame in 2010. 
A former president of both the North Caro-
lina High School Athletic Directors Association and the North Carolina Coaches Association, Mr. Bradshaw’s career record as a head foot-ball coach was 96–43–6 and 215–119 over his 14 seasons as a basketball coach. He was honored with a NCHSAA Distinguished Serv-ice Award in 1992 and was involved at the na-tional level with the National Interscholastic Athletic Administrators’ Association. Mr. Bradshaw grew up in the Walltown 
Community and was a dedicated member of First Calvary Baptist Church. He cared deeply about improving the lives of young people and was committed to advocating for children and making sure they had opportunities to reach their full potential. As a champion for equality during the Jim Crow era, he is remembered as a bridge builder who brought people together for common causes. 
Known for his strong leadership, and as a 
man of few words, Mr. Bradshaw made a dif-ference in so many lives. The world was made a better place because of the life and work of Mr. Bradshaw. 
I ask my colleagues join me in expressing 
our deepest condolences to ‘‘Coach’’ Brad-shaw’s wife, Shirley M. Bradshaw; daughter, Natalyn Bradshaw-Haile Selassie; and grand-daughter, Fana Ruth Haile Selassie, and his extended family and friends who mourn their loss but celebrate his incredible life. 
f 
APPRECIATING THE SUPPORT OF 
OUTSIDE GROUPS ON THE DEMO-CRATIC BUDGET ALTERNATIVE 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, while we 
were crafting the Democratic alternative budg-et we met with organizations representing mil-lions of Americans—from seniors to students to hard-working families. I want to thank the many people who took the time to advocate so passionately for their cause. Many of these groups have written to Congress to publicly state their strong opposition to the Republican budget before the House today, eloquently enumerating the many hardships it will cause to working families, students, seniors and other Americans. 
I also wanted to thank those who expressed 
support for the Democratic alternative because of its efforts to ensure broadly shared pros-perity, helping middle-class families and those working their way into the middle class, and to invest in the future. I appreciate the support we have received from people working on broad range of issues. This includes groups representing those concerned with educating our children and making college affordable, such as the National Education Association and the Student Aid Alliance. We also heard from those who represent the many federal employees who provide vital services, such as the National Treasury Employees Union. The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights also wrote in to share their support for our Democratic alternatives and the policies it reflects. 
I also want to thank those who are working 
tirelessly to protect Social Security for the growing number of seniors who depend on the program, including the strong advocacy from the National Committee to Preserve Social Se-curity and Medicare. I share the Committee’s goal of ensuring a livable retirement for all seniors and the importance of Social Security as fewer Americans have defined benefit pen-sion plans. That is why during the Budget Committee’s consideration of the resolution I offered an amendment to protect Social Secu-rity benefits from the threat of privatization or benefit cuts that could result from the Repub-
lican budget. We have heard from many oth-ers who strongly oppose the harmful cuts in the Republican budget—groups as diverse as the National Active and Retired Federal Em-ployees Association, the Coalition for Human Needs, Citizens for Tax Justice, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Service Employ-ees International Union. 
I appreciate the input, advice, and support 
of the many people who helped us design the Democratic alternative and work for its pas-sage. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, March 25, 2015, my vote on the Butterfield/Scott/Lee/Moore Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute, known as the CBC Budget (Roll Call Vote No. 137) was recorded as a ‘‘No’’ vote when I intended to cast a ‘‘Yes’’ vote as well. I wish to clarify my miscast vote and express my strong support for pro-gressive budgets that invest in everyone. 
The CBC Budget is a roadmap to American 
success in the 21st century. The Budget pro-poses a comprehensive jobs program and makes critical investments in education, infra-structure and rebuilds the social safety net. It reduces the deficit by $1.9 trillion, while invest-ing in American families. The Budget also con-tains a bold plan to combat poverty in America and keeps faith with the promises we have made to our seniors by protecting Social Se-curity and Medicare. The CBC Budget is a powerful statement of values and vision that seeks to guarantee a share of the American dream for everyone. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
March 26, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25MR8.057 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E424 March 25, 2015 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 14 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. defense 
policy issues pertaining to the Asia-Pa-cific theater. 
SD–G50 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider S. 615, to 
provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program. 
S–116 
APRIL 15 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
S–116 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces 
To hold hearings to examine the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion plans and programs in review of 
the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program. 
SR–222 
APRIL 16 
Time to be announced 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine proposed 
budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for military construc-tion and military family housing for select combatant commanders and se-lect defense agencies. 
SD–124 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine U.S. Pacific 
Command and U.S. Forces Korea in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. 
SD–G50 10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Energy 
Information Administration’s annual energy outlook for 2015. 
SD–366 
APRIL 22 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine reauthoriza-
tion of and potential reforms to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
SD–366 
APRIL 28 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Admin-
istration’s Quadrennial Energy Review. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M25MR8.000 E25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D335 Wednesday, March 25, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in a Joint Meeting to receive His Excellency Mo-
hammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghani-stan. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1833–S1957 
Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and five resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 857–867, and S. Res. 111–115.
                                                       Page S1891 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘History, Jurisdiction, and 
a Summary of Activities of the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources during the 113th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–6)
                               Page S1891 
Measures Passed: 
National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia 
Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 115, 
designating April 2015 as ‘‘National Congenital Di-aphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’.
       Page S1957 
Measures Considered: 
Budget Resolution—Agreement: Senate contin-
ued consideration of S. Con. Res. 11, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Gov-ernment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S1835–86 
Adopted: 
Burr Amendment No. 622, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to manageable Federal student loan repayment options. 
                                                                      Pages S1838–39, S1842 
By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 87), 
Stabenow Amendment No. 755, to establish a def-icit-neutral reserve fund relating to keeping the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act focused on protec-tion of water quality, to establish bright lines for Federal jurisdiction, and to create clear and unam-biguous exemptions for features that the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency or the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief 
of Engineers, claim they are not seeking to regulate. 
                                                                Pages S1845–46, S1868–69 
By 59 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 88), Barrasso 
Amendment No. 347, to establish a spending-neu-tral reserve fund to keep the Federal Water Pollution Control Act focused on protection of water quality, to establish bright lines for Federal jurisdiction, and to create clear and unambiguous exemptions for fea-tures that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency or the Secretary of the Army, act-ing through the Chief of Engineers, claim they are not seeking to regulate.
              Pages S1836–38, S1869–70 
Hatch Amendment No. 796, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to saving Medicare. 
                                                                      Pages S1853–56, S1870 
By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 92), 
Cotton Amendment No. 481, to establish a deficit- neutral fund relating to supporting Israel. 
                                                                                    Pages S1871–72 
Rejected: 
By 46 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 86), Reed (for 
Warren) Amendment No. 652, to make college more affordable for middle-class families by allowing borrowers with outstanding Federal and private stu-dent loans to refinance at the equivalent interest rates that were offered to Federal student loan bor-rowers during the 2013–2014 school year and to fully offset the cost of such a program by requiring millionaires to pay at least a 30 percent effective Federal tax rate.
                                                  Pages S1839–44 
By 49 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 89), Sanders/ 
Whitehouse Modified Amendment No. 777, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to recognize that climate change is real and caused by human ac-tivity and that Congress needs to take action to cut carbon pollution.
               Pages S1847–48, S1862–63, S1870 
By 46 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 91), Murray 
Amendment No. 801, to build on the Bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:16 Jan 11, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D25MR5.REC D25MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D336 March 25, 2015 
Budget Act of 2013 by restoring a below-sequester 
level cut of $9,000,000,000 to nondefense discre-tionary spending in 2017, replacing sequestration in 2016 and 2017 and increasing funding above seques-ter levels by a total of $148,000,000,000 for the 2 years, increasing defense and nondefense discre-tionary spending above sequester levels by equal amounts, eliminating the overseas contingency oper-ations gimmick contained in the committee-reported resolution, and offsetting the net increase in defense and nondefense discretionary spending by closing tax loopholes.
                                                  Pages S1863–64, S1871 
Withdrawn: Blunt/Thune Amendment No. 350, to create a 
point of order against legislation that would create a Federal tax or fee on carbon emissions. 
                                                                      Pages S1846–47, S1868 
Pending: Enzi (for Kirk) Amendment No. 545, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to reimposing waived sanctions and imposing new sanctions against Iran for violations of the Joint Plan of Action or a comprehensive nuclear agreement.
                    Page S1865 
Rounds/Inhofe Amendment No. 412, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund to prevent the Environ-mental Protection Agency and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service from engaging in closed- door settlement agreements that ignore impacted States and counties.
                                                  Page S1835 
Rubio Modified Amendment No. 423, to increase 
new budget authority fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and modify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050). 
                                                                                            Page S1835 
Daines Amendment No. 388, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to the designation of national monuments.
                                  Pages S1865–66 
Daines Amendment No. 389, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to holding Mem-bers of the Senate and the House of Representatives accountable for failing to pass a balanced budget. 
                                                                                            Page S1885 
Moran Amendment No. 356, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to providing health care to veterans who reside more than 40 miles driv-ing distance from the closest medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that provides the care sought by the veteran.
                           Pages S1848–53 
Roberts/Flake Amendment No. 352, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to Federal em-ployee performance awards.
                          Pages S1856–57 
Roberts Amendment No. 462, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to over-the-counter medications.
                                                                  Page S1857 
Vitter Amendment No. 515, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to requiring the Federal Government to allow states to opt out of 
Common Core without penalty.                  Pages S1857–58 
Vitter Amendment No. 811, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to ending Washington’s illegal exemption from Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act.
                                             Pages S1858–60 
Gardner Amendment No. 443, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to protecting pri-vately held water rights and permits.
             Page S1862 
Coats/Warner Amendment No. 595, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund to improve cybersecurity. 
                                                                                            Page S1864 
Coats Amendment No. 368, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to providing States the Medicaid flexibility they need to implement innova-tive reforms to improve care and enhance access for our Nation’s most vulnerable.
                     Pages S1864–65 
Daines Amendment No. 465, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to Second Amend-ment rights.
                                                                  Page S1866 
Daines Amendment No. 387, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to postal reform. 
                                                                                    Pages S1866–68 
Wyden/Crapo Amendment No. 434, to provide 
for an adjustment to committee allocations for wild-fire suppression funding.
                                        Page S1868 
Paul Amendment No. 940, to increase new budg-
et authority for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and mod-ify outlays for fiscal years 2016 through 2022 for National Defense (budget function 050) with offsets. 
                                                                                    Pages S1872–73 
Sanders (for Murray/Alexander) Amendment No. 
697, to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation that reforms and strengthens elementary 
and secondary education.
                                       Page S1873 
Sanders (for Murray) Amendment No. 798, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund for legislation to allow Americans to earn paid sick time. 
                                                                                            Page S1873 
Sanders (for Cantwell) Amendment No. 800, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to a comprehensive approach to crude-by-rail safety. 
                                                                                            Page S1873 
Sanders (for Murray) Amendment No. 812, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide women with affordable access to comprehensive health care, including preventive services (such as contraception and breast cancer screenings), improve maternal health, and ensure that a woman has the same benefits and services no matter what part of the United States she lives in, all of which is critical to improving the health and well-being of women, children, their families, and society as a whole, and is an essential part of a woman’s economic security and opportunity.
                                                        Page S1873 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:16 Jan 11, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D25MR5.REC D25MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D337 March 25, 2015 
Sanders (for Murray) Amendment No. 951, to es-
tablish and fund a new Federal-State partnership to expand access to high-quality preschool programs for children from low-and moderate-income families, 
offset with revenue from closing loopholes. 
                                                                                    Pages S1873–74 
Sanders (for Durbin/Coons) Amendment No. 345, 
to establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to increasing funding for Federal investments in bio-medical and basic scientific research.
      Pages S1873–74 
Sanders (for Durbin) Amendment No. 817, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide tax benefits to patriot employers that invest in American jobs and provide fair pay and benefits to workers and to eliminate tax benefits for corporations that ship jobs or profits overseas.
                                   Pages S1873–74 
McCain/Flake Amendment No. 360, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to deterring the migration of unaccompanied children from El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Honduras.
                     Page S1874 
Wyden/Bennet Amendment No. 708, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to simplifying and expanding tax incentives for higher education to boost student attendance and completion. 
                                                                                    Pages S1874–75 
Wyden Amendment No. 791, to strike reconcili-
ation instructions to the Committees on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Finance and re-quire regular order.
                                                   Page S1875 
Wyden Amendment No. 870, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to extending tax provisions expiring in 2013 or 2014 for 2 years, such as those contained in the EXPIRE Act of 2014. 
                                                                                            Page S1875 
Heller Amendment No. 453, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of Transportation prioritizes the construc-tion of projects that are of national and regional sig-nificance and projects in high priority corridors on the National Highway System, which will improve the safe, secure, and efficient movement of people and goods through the United States and facilitate economic development and create jobs in the United States.
                                                                              Page S1875 
Heller Amendment No. 452, to establish a spend-
ing-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that the Secretary of the Interior enters into candidate con-servation agreements with each of the relevant 11 Western States before the United States Fish and Wildlife Service makes a listing determination on the greater sage-grouse under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973.
                                                       Page S1875 
Heller Amendment No. 457, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to prohibition of Veterans Benefits Administration executive bonuses until the backlog of disability claims for veterans is 
eliminated.
                                                            Pages S1875–76 
Heller Amendment No. 456, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to ensuring that medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs meet the privacy, dignity, and safety needs of women veterans.
                                                 Pages S1875–77 
Coons/Bennet Amendment No. 343, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to preserving mandatory appropriations for agricultural conserva-tion programs.
                                             Pages S1877, S1882 
Coons Amendment No. 391, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to the expansion of ac-cess to the income tax credit for employee health in-surance expenses of small employers. 
                                                                      Pages S1877, S1881–82 
Coons/Rubio Amendment No. 392, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to promoting the use of college savings accounts while students are in elementary school and secondary school. 
                                                                            Pages S1877, S1882 
Coons Amendment No. 394, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to special treatment of the income tax credit for research expenditures for startup companies.
                                     Pages S1877, S1882 
Coons Amendment No. 802, to offset the costs of 
the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 
                                                                                            Page S1877 
Baldwin Amendment No. 432, to provide addi-
tional resources to create the opportunity for more Americans to obtain a higher education and ad-vanced job skills by supporting two free years of 
community college paid for by raising revenue through requiring millionaires and billionaires to pay their fair share.
                                           Pages S1877–78 
Baldwin Amendment No. 436, to preserve the 
point of order against reconciliation legislation that would increase the deficit or reduce a surplus. 
                                                                                            Page S1878 
Manchin Amendment No. 694, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to investing in ad-vanced fossil energy technology research and devel-opment.
                                                                           Page S1878 
Manchin Amendment No. 578, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to addressing meth-amphetamine abuse in the United States. 
                                                                                    Pages S1878–79 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 700, to ensure 
high-income earners pay a fair share in taxes and to use the revenue to invest in repairing our Nation’s bridges, coastal infrastructure, and damage from widlfires.
                                                                        Page S1879 
Whitehouse/Udall Amendment No. 867, to estab-
lish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to making it more difficult for corporations and billionaires to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:16 Jan 11, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D25MR5.REC D25MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D338 March 25, 2015 
secretly influence elections by making unlimited un-
disclosed campaign expenditures, and to prevent such entities from evading campaign finance law, in-cluding through making false statements to govern-ment agencies.
                                                             Page S1879 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 895, to prohibit 
budget resolutions that support cutting over $1,000,000,000,000 in spending without identifying specific programmatic effects.
                             Page S1879 
Casey Amendment No. 632, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to providing reasonable accommodations for pregnant workers. 
                                                                                    Pages S1879–80 
Casey Amendment No. 633, to establish a deficit- 
neutral reserve fund relating to enhancing the child and dependent care tax credit.
                            Page S1880 
Merkley/Coons Amendment No. 842, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to consumer fi-nancial protection.
                                                     Page S1880 
Merkley Amendment No. 843, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to restoring reduc-tions in the Republican budget to the Stafford loan program that would mandate that students currently in college pay interest on their loans before they have received their education benefits, to make col-lege more affordable, to reduce the debt burden of students, and to help graduates afford to pay back student loans.
                                                               Page S1880 
Merkley/Brown Amendment No. 952, to establish 
a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to establishing a more level playing field in trade agreements. 
                                                                                            Page S1880 
Merkley Amendment No. 953, to save student fi-
nancial aid and reduce the student loan debt levels 
in the Republican budget by 15 percent by elimi-nating new mandated interest charged while stu-dents are still in school.
                                 Pages S1880–81 
Blumenthal Amendment No. 825, to expand the 
deficit-neutral reserve fund for veterans and servicemembers.
                                                          Page S1881 
Cassidy Amendment No. 341, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the pro-motion of United States offshore energy production. 
                                                                                            Page S1882 
Cassidy Amendment No. 539, to establish a def-
icit-neutral reserve fund relating to improving Med-icaid based on successful and bipartisan State dem-onstration projects.
                                                    Page S1882 
Cassidy Amendment No. 795, to establish a 
spending-neutral reserve fund relating to authorizing Federal permitting for manufacturing and energy construction projects relating to national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone lower than a certain existing standard.
   Pages S1882–83 Coons (for Bennet) Amendment No. 715, to cre-
ate clean energy jobs through predictable and fair in-centives for renewable energy.
                            Page S1883 
Murkowski (for Thune) Amendment No. 607, to 
establish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to allow for the permanent elimination of the Federal estate tax. 
                                                                                            Page S1883 
Murkowski (for Thune) Amendment No. 743, to 
reduce funding for the General Services Administra-tion by $1,000,000 until 50 percent of counties in nonattainment for the 1997 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for ground-level ozone as of January 30, 2015, achieve the air quality stand-ard set forth in the 1997 NAAQS, and direct those funds to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for the purpose of helping mu-nicipalities reach attainment with the 2008 NAAQS for ground-level ozone, acknowledging that (1) given limited State and Federal resources and the delay of the Administrator in issuing to States implementa-tion guidance for the 2008 ground-level ozone NAAQS, priority should be given to achieving the 2008 standard, (2) the Administrator has not suffi-ciently implemented that standard, (3) focusing by the Administrator on the most polluted areas that are in nonattainment with that standard would ben-efit public health, and (4) promulgating a lower standard at this time would impose undue costs on the economy and workforce of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S1883 
Murkowski/Sullivan Amendment No. 838, to es-
tablish a spending-neutral reserve fund relating to the disposal of certain Federal land.
         Pages S1883–84 
Murkowski Amendment No. 770, to establish a 
deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to the construc-tion of Arctic polar icebreakers.
                 Pages S1883–85 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 485, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to provide eq-uity in the tax treatment of public safety officer death benefits.
                                                             Page S1885 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 490, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund to address the disproportionate regulatory burdens on community banks.
                                                                              Page S1885 
Gardner (for Ayotte) Amendment No. 852, to es-
tablish a deficit-neutral reserve fund relating to pro-viding small business regulatory relief and pre-venting duplicative regulations for investment advi-sors.
                                                                           Pages S1885–86 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 46 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 90), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to waive all applicable budgetary discipline pursuant to Section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:16 Jan 11, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D25MR5.REC D25MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D339 March 25, 2015 
1974, with respect to Stabenow (for Bennet) Amend-
ment No. 601, to create a point of order against leg-islation that would privatize Medicare, cut guaran-teed benefits, increase out-of-pocket spending, or turn Medicare into a premium support plan. Subse-quently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 305(b)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amend-ment was ruled out of order.
    Pages S1844–45, S1870–71 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the concurrent resolution at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, March 26, 2015; and that all debate time on the concurrent resolution be considered expired at 12 noon.
                                                                                Page S1957 
Appointments: 
Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: 
The Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 101–509, the re-appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Dr. Steven Zink of Nevada. 
                                                                                            Page S1957 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General 
Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Am-
bassador to the Republic of Cyprus. 
Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambassador 
to Romania. 
Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Benin. 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army and Navy.
        Page S1957 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1890 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1891 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1891 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1891–94 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1894–95 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S1890 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S1895–S1956 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1956–57 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1957 
Record Votes: Seven record votes were taken today. 
(Total—92)                                           Page S1842–43, S1869–72 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 8:08 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, March 26, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s 
Record on page S1957.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: THE DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, after re-ceiving testimony from Lieutenant General Patricia Horoho, Surgeon General of the Army, Vice Admiral Matthew Nathan, Surgeon General of the Navy, Lieutenant General Thomas Travis, Surgeon General of the Air Force, and Chris Miller, Program Execu-tive Officer, Defense Health Management Systems, all of the Department of Defense. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Energy, after receiving testimony from Ernest J. Moniz, Sec-retary, and Franklin Orr, Under Secretary for Science and Energy, both of the Department of Energy. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on 
SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, USN, Principal Military Deputy, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acqui-sitions, Lieutenant General Jon M. Davis, USMC, Deputy Commandant for Aviation, and Rear Admi-ral Michael C. Manazir, USN, Director, Air Warfare (OPNAV N98), all of the Department of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine the current state of readiness of U.S. forces in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years De-fense Program, after receiving testimony from Gen-eral Daniel B. Allyn, USA, Vice Chief of Staff, Ad-miral Michelle J. Howard, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations, General John M. Paxton, Jr., USMC, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:16 Jan 11, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\D25MR5.REC D25MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D340 March 25, 2015 
Assistant Commandant, and General Larry O. Spen-
cer, USAF, Vice Chief of Staff, all of the Department of Defense. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces concluded a hearing to examine ballistic missile defense programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testi-mony from Vice Admiral James D. Syring, USN, Director, Missile Defense Agency, Lieutenant Gen-eral David L. Mann, USA, Commanding General, Army Space and Missile Defense Command, Army Forces Strategic Command, and Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile De-fense, Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, and J. Michael Gilmore, Direc-tor of Operational Test and Evaluation, all of the Department of Defense. 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT 
COUNCIL ACCOUNTABILITY 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) accountability, focusing on nonbank designations, after receiving testimony from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary of the Treas-ury; and Douglas Holtz-Eakin, American Action Forum, Gary E. Hughes, American Council of Life Insurers, Dennis M. Kelleher, Better Markets, Inc., and Paul Schott Stevens, Investment Company Insti-tute, all of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
S. 808, to establish the Surface Transportation 
Board as an independent establishment; 
S. 650, to extend the positive train control system 
implementation deadline, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 834, to amend the law relating to sport fish 
restoration and recreational boating safety, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea 
Grant College Program Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 766, to limit the retrieval of data from vehicle 
event data recorders; and 
The nominations of Willie E. May, of Maryland, 
to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology and Director of the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology, Dava J. Newman, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and 
Patricia D. Cahill, of Missouri, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Paul A. Folmsbee, of Oklahoma, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mali, Mary Catherine Phee, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of South Sudan, Cassandra Q. Butts, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Baha-
mas, and Katherine Simonds Dhanani, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
CENTRAL AMERICAN MIGRATION TO THE 
UNITED STATES 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine se-
curing the border, focusing on understanding and addressing the root causes of Central American mi-gration to the United States, after receiving testi-mony from William Kandel, Analyst in Immigration Policy, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; Alan D. Bersin, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security and Chief Diplomatic Officer; Francisco Palmieri, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs; Lieu-tenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, USA, Military Deputy Commander, United States Southern Com-mand, Department of Defense; Roger F. Noriega, former Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs and Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States, American En-terprise Institute, and Eric L. Olson, Woodrow Wil-son International Center for Scholars Latin American Program, both of Washington, D.C.; and Adolfo A. Franco, former Assistant Administrator, United States Agency for International Development, Alex-andria, Virginia. 
ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the fight against Alzheimer’s dis-ease, focusing on a treatment by 2025, after receiv-ing testimony from Richard J. Hodes, Director, Na-tional Institute on Aging, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services; Ronald C. Petersen, Mayo Clinic Alzheimer’s Disease Research Center, Rochester, Minnesota; Kim Stemley, Rx Outreach, St. Louis, Missouri; Heidi Wierman, Maine Medical Center, Portland; and Bar-bara Smith, and Dan Gasby, both of Sag Harbor, New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D341 March 25, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 44 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1597–1640; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 29; and H. Res. 171–174, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H2031–33 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2035–36 
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 173, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improve-ments, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015 (H. Rept. 114–50). 
                                                                                            Page H2031 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1903 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Tim Crumpton, Cleburne County Baptist Church, Heber Springs, Arkansas. 
                                                                                            Page H1903 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H1903, H2021 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:05 a.m. for the 
purpose of receiving His Excellency Mohammad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. The House reconvened at 12:29 p.m., and agreed that the proceedings had during the Joint Meeting be printed in the Record. 
Joint Meeting to receive His Excellency Moham-
mad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Re-
public of Afghanistan: The House and Senate met 
in a joint session to receive His Excellency Moham-mad Ashraf Ghani, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. He was escorted into the Chamber by a committee comprised of Representatives McCar-thy, Scalise, McMorris Rodgers, Walden, Messer, Foxx, Rogers (KY), Royce, Thornberry, Nunes, Frelinghuysen, Granger, Pelosi, Hoyer, Becerra, Crowley, DeLauro, Edwards, Engel, Eshoo, Jackson Lee, Davis (CA), Schiff, Moulton; and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Hatch, Barrasso, Blunt, Wicker, Corker, Durbin, Murray, Stabenow, Menendez, and Murphy.
                                                                 Pages H1904–08 
Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal 
years 2017 through 2025: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 27, establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 199 nays, Roll No. 142.
         Pages H1909–H2021 
Agreed to: 
Price (GA) amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that in-creases new budget authority for the Overseas Con-tingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism func-tion (Function 970) by $2 billion, from $94 billion to $96 billion in Fiscal Year 2016. The amendment increases the outlay amounts for OCO over the pe-riod of Fiscal Years 2016 to 2025. As a consequence of the increase in OCO/GWOT, conforming in-creases are made in total budget authority and out-lays, deficits, interest, debt subject to limit, and debt held by the public. Even with the increase in overall budget and outlays, the budget resolution re-mains in balance in Fiscal Year 2024 and thereafter. The amendment also strikes a deficit-neutral reserve fund for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism in section 513 of the reported res-olution (by a recorded vote of 219 ayes to 208 noes, Roll No. 141).
                          Pages H1998–H2017, H2018–19 
Rejected: 
Ellison amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that sought to establish funding levels to provide the opportunities American families need. The budget creates 8.4 mil-lion high quality jobs, while reducing the deficit and providing a boost to Americas long-term global competitiveness (by a recorded vote of 96 ayes to 330 noes, Roll No. 136);
                 Pages H1930–38, H1980 
Butterfield amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that sought to make investments in education, job train-ing, transportation and infrastructure, and advanced research and development programs that will accel-erate our economic recovery. It includes funding for a comprehensive jobs bill and targeted investments to reduce and eradicate poverty in America. Addi-tionally, the amendment protects the social safety net without cutting Social Security, Medicare, Med-icaid, or SNAP. The amendment raises new revenue by making our tax system fairer, saving more than $1.9 trillion on the deficit over the next decade. The amendment will reduce our annual budget deficit to 2.3% of GDP by FY 2025 (by a recorded vote of 120 ayes to 306 noes, Roll No. 137); 
                                                                      Pages H1938–46, H1981 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D342 March 25, 2015 
Stutzman amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that sought to establish the budget for the United States Govern-ment for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. Balances in six years, encourages pro-growth tax reform, and provides for our national defense (by a recorded vote of 132 ayes to 294 noes, Roll No. 138);
                                                     Pages H1946–63, H1981–82 
Van Hollen amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that re-flects policies that will put the federal budget on a fiscally responsible path, with debt declining as a share of the economy. It sought to provide for tax policies that help the middle class and those work-ing their way into the middle class by raising the take-home pay of hard-working Americans, and re-jects the sequester caps to make needed investments that create jobs for those still seeking work, that educate our children and prepare them for success, and that sharpen the nations competitive edge (by a recorded vote of 160 ayes to 264 noes, Roll No. 139); and
                                            Pages H1963–80, H1982–83 
Price (GA) amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–49) that sought to retain the $94 billion for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism function (Function 970) in Fiscal Year 2016. The amendment also retains a deficit-neutral reserve fund for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism in section 513. This section permits the Chair of the Committee on the Budget to adjust the 302(a) allo-cations to the Committee on Appropriations, and other appropriate levels, for any appropriations meas-ure that provides new budget authority for Overseas Contingency Operations in excess of $73.5 billion up to $94 billion in Fiscal Year 2016 (by a recorded 
vote of 105 ayes to 319 noes, Roll No. 140). 
                                                                Pages H1983–98, H2017–18 
H. Res. 163, the rule providing for consideration 
of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 27) was agreed to yesterday, March 24th. 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
172, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H2021 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, March 26.
                         Page H2031 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
Slain Officer Family Support Act of 2015: H.R. 
1527, to accelerate the income tax benefits for chari-table cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos.
                                    Pages H2021–23 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1909. 
Senate Referral: S. 301 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H1909 
Quorum Calls Votes: Six recorded votes and one 
yea-and-nay vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1980, H1981, H1981–82, H1982–83, H2018, H2018–19, and H2020–21. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:34 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
IMPLICATIONS OF POTENTIAL RETALIATORY MEASURES TAKEN AGAINST THE UNITED STATES IN RESPONSE TO MEAT LABELING REQUIREMENTS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture held a hearing to examine the implications of potential retaliatory measures taken against the United States in response to meat labeling requirements. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
REAUTHORIZING THE CFTC: MARKET 
PARTICIPANT VIEWS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Com-
modity Exchanges, Energy and Credit held a hearing on reauthorizing the CFTC: market participant views. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—CENTERS FOR DISEASE 
CONTROL AND PREVENTION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion budget. Testimony was heard from Thomas Frieden, Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; and Anne Schuchat, Assistant Surgeon General, Public Health Service, Director, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, Centers for Disease Control. 
APPROPRIATIONS—INTELLIGENCE 
COMMUNITY AND GLOBAL THREAT 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on Intelligence Community and Global Threat budget. Testimony was heard from James R. Clapper, Director, National Intelligence. This hearing was closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D343 March 25, 2015 
APPROPRIATIONS—AMERICAN INDIAN 
AND ALASKA NATIVE PUBLIC AND OUTSIDE WITNESS DAY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing for American Indian and Alaska Native pub-lic and outside witnesses. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL RAILROAD 
ADMINISTRATION, PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION AND FEDERAL MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Federal Railroad Administration, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration budget. Testimony was heard from Sarah Feinberg, Acting Administrator, Federal Railroad Administration; Timothy P. Butters, Act-ing Administrator, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; and T.F. Scott Darling, III, Acting Administrator, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL NUCLEAR 
SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION AND NAVAL REACTORS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on National Nuclear Security Administration, Nuclear Non-proliferation and Naval Reactors budget. Testimony was heard from Frank Klotz, Administrator, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration; Anne Har-rington, Deputy Administrator for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, National Nuclear Security Admin-istration; and Admiral John M. Richardson, Direc-tor, Naval Reactors. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL BUREAU OF 
INVESTIGATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Federal Bureau of Investigation budget. Testimony was heard from James B. Comey, Direc-tor, Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
APPROPRIATIONS—STATE AND FOREIGN 
OPERATIONS PUBLIC WITNESS DAY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held a hearing for public and outside witnesses. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. APPROPRIATIONS—JUDICIARY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government held a hearing on Judiciary budget. Testimony was heard from Julia S. Gibbons, Chair, Committee on the Budget, Judi-cial Conference of the United States; and James C. Duff, Director, Administrative Office, United States Courts. 
STAKEHOLDER’S VIEWS ON THE 
RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Stakeholder’s Views on the Recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Com-mission’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS 
DESTRUCTION STRATEGY AND THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FOR THE DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY AND CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-
ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Strategy and the Fiscal Year 2016 National Defense Author-ization Budget Request for the Defense Threat Re-duction Agency and Chemical Biological Defense Program’’. Testimony was heard from Eric Rosenbach, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Home-land Defense and Global Security; Chris Hassell, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Chemical and Biological Defense; John Burnham, Deputy As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Threat Reduction and Arms Control; Kenneth Myers, Director, Defense Threat Reduction Agency and U.S. Strategic Com-mand Center for Combating Weapons of Mass De-struction; and Douglas Bryce, Deputy, Joint Pro-gram Executive Officer for Chemical and Biological Defense. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 NATIONAL SECURITY 
SPACE HEARING 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 National Security Space Hearing’’. Testimony was heard from General John E. Hyten, USAF, Commander, Air Force Space Command; Douglas L. Loverro, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy, Department of Defense; Dyke Weatherington, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D344 March 25, 2015 
of Defense for Space, Strategic, and Intelligence Sys-
tems, Department of Defense; Betty Sapp, Director, National Reconnaissance Office; Robert Cardillo, Di-rector, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; and Lieutenant General John ‘‘Jay’’ Raymond, USAF, Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Space. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy concluded a markup on the ‘‘Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Reg-ulation Act of 2015’’. The ‘‘Improving Coal Com-bustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015’’ was for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade concluded a markup on the ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notifica-tion Act of 2015’’. The ‘‘Data Security and Breach Notification Act of 2015’’ was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began 
a markup on H.R. 299, the ‘‘Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015’’; H.R. 601, the ‘‘Eliminate Privacy Notice Confusion Act’’; H.R. 650, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 685, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection Advisory Boards Act’’; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act’’; H.R. 1265, the ‘‘Bureau Advisory Commission Trans-parency Act’’; H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mar-iana Islands; H.R. 1408, the ‘‘Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1480, the ‘‘SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 1529, the ‘‘Community In-stitution Mortgage Relief Act of 2015’’; and a reso-lution to establish the Task Force to Investigate Ter-rorism Financing. The committee passed a resolution to establish the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a mark-up on H.R. 237, to authorize the revocation or de-nial of passports and passport cards to individuals af-filiated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes. H.R. 237 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN 
ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN: REVIEWING OBAMA ADMINISTRATION IMPLEMENTATION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Chil-dren: Reviewing Obama Administration Implemen-tation’’. Testimony was heard from Susan S. Jacobs, Special Advisor for Children’s Issues, Bureau of Con-sular Affairs, Department of State; and public wit-nesses. 
RISK-BASED SECURITY: ASSESSING THE 
PATH FORWARD FOR TSA PRE ✔
TM. 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Risk-Based Security: Assessing the Path Forward for TSA Pre ✔
TM. Testimony was heard from John 
Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; Kenneth Fletcher, Chief Risk Officer, Transportation Security Administration, Department of Homeland Security; and Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Ac-countability Office. 
PATENT REFORM: PROTECTING AMERICAN 
INNOVATORS AND JOB CREATORS FROM ABUSIVE PATENT LITIGATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, 
Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Patent Reform: Protecting American Innovators and Job Creators from Abusive Patent Litigation’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
WRECKING THE INTERNET TO SAVE IT? 
THE FCC’S NET NEUTRALITY RULE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Wrecking the Internet to Save It? The FCC’s Net Neutrality Rule’’. Testimony was heard from Tom Wheeler, Chairman, Federal Com-munications Commission; Ajit Pai, Commissioner, Federal Communications Commission; Joshua D. Wright, Commissioner, Federal Trade Commission; and Terrell McSweeny, Commissioner, Federal Trade Commission. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing on H.R. 707, the ‘‘Restoration of America’s Wire Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D345 March 25, 2015 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 152, the ‘‘Corolla Wild Horses Protection Act’’; H.R. 308, the ‘‘Keep the Promise Act of 2015’’; H.R. 373, the ‘‘Good Samari-tan Search and Recovery Act’’; H.R. 404, to author-ize early repayment of obligations to the Bureau of Reclamation within the Northport Irrigation District in the State of Nebraska; H.R. 533, to revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 979, to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’; H.R. 984, to amend the National Trails System Act to direct the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a study on the feasibility of desig-nating the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; H.R. 1168, the ‘‘Na-tive American Children Safety Act’’; and H.R. 1324, the ‘‘Arapaho National Forest Boundary Adjustment Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 308, H.R. 152, H.R. 373, H.R. 404, H.R. 533, H.R. 979, H.R. 984, H.R. 1168, and H.R. 1324. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 653, the ‘‘FOIA Oversight and Implementation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 901, the ‘‘Eliminating Pornography from Agencies Act’’; H.R. 1069, the ‘‘Presidential Library Donation Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1563, the ‘‘Federal Em-ployee Tax Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1562, the ‘‘Contracting and Tax Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1557, the ‘‘Federal Employee Anti-discrimination Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1531, the ‘‘Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act’’; and H.R. 651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. The following bills were ordered re-ported, without amendment: H.R. 901, H.R. 1069, H.R. 1563, H.R. 1562, H.R. 1557, H.R. 1531, and H.R. 651. H.R. 653 was ordered reported, as amended. 
MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP 
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2, the ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthor-ization Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The 
rule provides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for pur-poses of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 5, the rule provides that the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Ways and Means each may, at any time before 5 p.m. on April 6, 2015, file reports to accompany measures. Testimony was heard from Representatives Pitts and Pallone. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 1561, the ‘‘Weather Research and Forecast Innovation Act of 2015’’. H.R. 1561 was ordered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1481, the ‘‘Small Contractors Im-prove Competition Act of 2015’’. H.R. 1481 was or-dered reported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 1058, the ‘‘Taxpayer Bill of Rights Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1152, to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business; H.R. 1026, the ‘‘Taxpayer Knowledge of IRS Investigations Act’’; H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain orga-nizations’’; H.R. 1295, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the process for mak-ing determinations with respect to whether organiza-tions are exempt from taxation under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D346 March 25, 2015 
501(c)(4) of such Code; H.R. 709, the ‘‘Prevent Tar-
geting at the IRS Act’’; H.R. 1104, the ‘‘Fair Treat-ment for All Donations’’; and H.R. 1105, the ‘‘Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1058, 
H.R. 1152, H.R. 1026, H.R. 1314, H.R. 1295, H.R. 709, H.R. 1104, and H.R. 1105. 
BUDGET HEARING 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on NSA and Cybersecurity held a budget hearing. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
MARCH 26, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-
lated Programs, to hold hearings to examine diplomacy, development, and national security, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
U.S. Central Command, U.S. Africa Command and U.S. Special Operations Command programs and budget in re-view of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217 following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on defining the current population living in the shadows and addressing future flows, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 665, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to dissemi-nate information when a law enforcement officer is seri-ously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an immi-nent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement of-ficer is received, and S. 125, to amend title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to ex-tend the authorization of the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program through fiscal year 2020, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine Veterans’ Affairs opioid prescription policy, practice and procedures, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: business meeting to con-
sider pending calendar business, 3 p.m., S–214, Capitol. House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on General 
Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing on implementing the Agricultural Act of 2014: commodity policy and crop insurance, 9 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Home-
land Security, hearing on Department of Homeland Secu-rity budget, 9 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on Army budget, 
10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on Federal Investments in Neuro-science and Neurotechnology oversight, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-
ness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Defense’s Readiness Posture’’, 8 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Combat Aviation Modernization Programs and the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2016 Science and Technology Programs: Laying the Groundwork to Maintain Technological Superiority’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Growing Problems of Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse: State and Local Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps for Spectrum Policy’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 299, the ‘‘Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015’’; H.R. 601, the ‘‘Eliminate Privacy Notice Confusion Act’’; H.R. 650, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 685, the ‘‘Mortgage Choice Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1195, the ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion Advisory Boards Act’’; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘Helping Ex-pand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act’’; H.R. 1265, the ‘‘Bureau Advisory Commission Trans-parency Act’’; H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands; H.R. 1408, the ‘‘Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Require-ments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1480, the ‘‘SAFE Act Con-fidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act’’; and H.R. 1529, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act 
of 2015’’(continued), 9 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Strategy to Confront ISIS’’, 8:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, busi-
ness meeting to consider rules change; hearing entitled ‘‘Leadership Challenges at the Department of Homeland Security’’, 9 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Effect of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D347 March 25, 2015 
President’s FY 2016 Budget and Legislative Proposals for 
the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service’s Energy and Minerals Programs on Private Sector Job Creation, Domestic Energy and Minerals Production and Deficit Reduction’’, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Environment, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Destruction of Records at EPA—When 
Records Must Be Kept’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, markup on cyber legislation, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This markup will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD348 March 25, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Thursday, March 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. Con. Res. 11, Budget Resolution, with all de-bate time on the concurrent resolution to expire at 12 noon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, March 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 2— 
Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blum, Rod, Iowa, E415 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E404, E414 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E406, E420 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E419 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E423 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E407 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E416 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E407, E410, E415, E422 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E405 Farr, Sam, Calif., E403 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E407, E417 Graves, Sam, Mo., E413 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E403, E405, E406 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E412 King, Steve, Iowa, E409, E419 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E422, E423 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E418 McGovern, James P., Mass., E410 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E417 Olson, Pete, Tex., E406, E408, E409, E410, E412, E413, 
E415, E416, E418, E420 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E403, E406, E408, E410, E413, 
E415, E417, E419, E420, E422 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E414 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E403 Price, David E., N.C., E409 Roby, Martha, Ala., E404 
Royce, Edward R., Calif., E419 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E404 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E409 Smith, Adam, Wash., E410 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E403 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E405, E411, E416, E418, 
E421 
Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E421, E423 Walden, Greg, Ore., E408 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E413, E420 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E412 Young, David, Iowa, E405, E407, E409, E412, E413, E415, 
E417, E418, E420, E421 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25MR5.REC D25MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST