Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1527 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 2015 No. 36 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
March 3, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AN 
NEWHOUSE to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, You are compassionate 
and merciful. We give You thanks for giving us another day. 
This morning, the House welcomes 
the Prime Minister of Israel. May he find a welcome here, and may the part-nership of our two countries continue into a future of mutual respect and se-curity among the community of na-tions. 
There are many issues which press 
upon our Nation now, and more lie upon the legislative horizon. Pour forth an abundance of wisdom, knowl-edge, and understanding upon the Members of Congress and upon Your people so that, together, solutions for the betterment of our Nation might be forged. 
Bless us this day and every day. May 
all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. M CSALLY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, March 3, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 3, 2015 at 9:32 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 431. 
Appointments: Election Assistance Board of Advisors. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces that when the two Houses meet in joint meeting to hear an address by His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, only the doors immediately opposite the Speaker and those immediately to his left and right will be open. 
No one will be allowed on the floor of 
the House who does not have the privi-lege of the floor of the House. Due to the large attendance that is antici-pated, the rule regarding the privilege of the floor must be strictly enforced. Children of Members will not be per-mitted on the floor. The cooperation of all Members is requested. 
The practice of reserving seats prior 
to the joint meeting by placard will not be allowed. Members may reserve their seats by physical presence only following the security sweep of the Chamber. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Thurs-day, February 26, 2015, the House stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly, (at 10 o’clock and 5 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.000 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1528 March 3, 2015 
JOINT MEETING TO HEAR AN AD-
DRESS BY HIS EXCELLENCY BINYAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL 
During the recess, the House was 
called to order by the Speaker at 10 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the President pro tempore and Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives, the President pro tempore taking the chair at the left of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. 
The SPEAKER. The joint meeting 
will come to order. 
The Chair appoints as members of 
the committee on the part of the House to escort His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, into the Chamber: 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
M
CCARTHY ); 
The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
SCALISE ); 
The gentlewoman from Washington 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ); 
The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. 
WALDEN ); 
The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. 
MESSER ); 
The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. 
JENKINS ); 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. F OXX); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
ROYCE ); 
The gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. 
ROS-LEHTINEN ); 
The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. 
GRANGER ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
ZELDIN ); 
The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
DOLD); 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
CROWLEY ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
ISRAEL ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
ENGEL ); 
The gentlewoman from New York 
(Mrs. L OWEY ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
NADLER ); 
The gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
HASTINGS ); 
The gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
DEUTCH ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
SHERMAN ); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. H AHN); and 
The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. 
POLIS). 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
President of the Senate, at the direc-tion of that body, appoints the fol-lowing Senators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, into the House Chamber: 
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ); 
The Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN); The Senator from South Dakota (Mr. 
THUNE ); 
The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. 
BARRASSO ); 
The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ); 
The Senator from Tennessee (Mr. 
CORKER ); 
The Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN); 
The Senator from New York (Mr. 
SCHUMER ); 
The Senator from New Jersey (Mr. 
MENENDEZ ); and 
The Senator from Maryland (Mr. 
CARDIN .) 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Acting Dean of the Diplomatic Corps, His Excellency Hersey Kyota, the Ambassador of the Republic of Palau. 
The Acting Dean of the Diplomatic 
Corps entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seat re-served for him. 
At 11 o’clock and 6 minutes a.m., the 
Sergeant at Arms, Paul D. Irving, an-nounced His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
The Prime Minister of Israel, es-
corted by the committee of Senators and Representatives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of Con-
gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) Prime Minister NETANYAHU. Thank 
you, Speaker of the House J
OHNBOEH-
NER, President Pro Tem Senator O RRIN 
HATCH , Senate Majority Leader M ITCH 
MCCONNELL , House Minority Leader 
NANCY PELOSI , and House Majority 
Leader K EVIN MCCARTHY . 
I also want to acknowledge Senator 
and Democratic Leader, H ARRY REID. 
HARRY , it is good to see you back on 
your feet. I guess it is true what they say, you can’t keep a good man down. 
My friends, I am deeply humbled by 
the opportunity to speak for a third time before the most important legis-lative body in the world, the U.S. Con-gress. I want to thank you all for being here today. 
I know that my speech has been the 
subject of much controversy. I deeply regret that some perceive my being here as political. That was never my intention. 
I want to thank you, Democrats and 
Republicans, for your common support for Israel year after year, decade after decade. I know that no matter on which side of the aisle you sit, you stand with Israel. 
The remarkable alliance between 
Israel and the United States has al-ways been above politics. It must al-ways remain above politics because America and Israel, we share a com-mon destiny, the destiny of promised lands that cherish freedom and offer hope. 
Israel is grateful for the support of 
America’s people and of America’s Presidents, from Harry Truman to Barack Obama. We appreciate all that President 
Obama has done for Israel. Now, some of that is widely known, like strength-ening security cooperation and intel-ligence sharing, opposing anti-Israel resolutions at the U.N. 
Some of what the President has done 
for Israel is less well known. I called him in 2010 when we had the Carmel forest fire, and he immediately agreed to respond to my request for urgent aid. 
In 2011, we had our Embassy in Cairo 
under siege, and again, he provided vital assistance at the crucial moment. Or his support for more missile inter-ceptors during our operation last sum-mer when we took on Hamas terrorists. In each of those moments, I called the President and he was there. 
Some of what the President has done 
for Israel might never be known be-cause it touches on some of the most sensitive and strategic issues that arise between an American President and an Israeli Prime Minister. But I know it, and I will always be grateful to Presi-dent Obama for that support. 
And Israel is grateful to you, the 
American Congress, for your support, for supporting us in so many ways, es-pecially in generous military assist-ance and missile defense, including Iron Dome. 
Last summer, millions of Israelis 
were protected from thousands of Hamas rockets because this Capitol Dome helped build our Iron Dome. Thank you, America. Thank you for everything you have done for Israel. 
My friends, I have come here today 
because, as Prime Minister of Israel, I feel a profound obligation to speak to you about an issue that could well threaten the survival of my country and the future of my people, Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons. 
We are an ancient people. In our 
nearly 4,000 years of history, many have tried repeatedly to destroy the Jewish people. 
Tomorrow night, on the Jewish holi-
day of Purim, we will read the book of Esther. We will read of a powerful Per-sian viceroy named Haman, who plot-ted to destroy the Jewish people some 2,500 years ago. 
But a courageous Jewish woman, 
Queen Esther, exposed the plot and gained for the Jewish people the right to defend themselves against their en-emies. The plot was foiled. Our people were saved. 
Today, the Jewish people face an-
other attempt by yet another Persian potentate to destroy us. Iran’s Su-preme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, spews the oldest hatred, the oldest ha-
tred of anti-Semitism with the newest technology. 
He tweets that Israel must be annihi-
lated. He tweets. In Iran there isn’t ex-actly free Internet, but he tweets in English that Israel must be destroyed. 
For those who believe that Iran 
threatens the Jewish state but not the Jewish people, listen to Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 26, 2015 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H03MR5.REC H03MR5smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1529 March 3, 2015 
Iran’s chief terrorist proxy. He said: If 
all the Jews gather in Israel, it will save us the trouble of chasing them down around the world. 
But Iran’s regime is not merely a 
Jewish problem, any more than the Nazi regime was merely a Jewish prob-lem. 
The 6 million Jews murdered by the 
Nazis were but a fraction of the 60 mil-lion people killed in World War II. So, too, Iran’s regime poses a grave threat, not only to Israel, but also to the peace of the entire world. 
To understand just how dangerous 
Iran would be with nuclear weapons, we must fully understand the nature of the regime. 
The people of Iran are very talented 
people. They are heirs to one of the world’s great civilizations. But in 1979, they were hijacked by religious zealots, religious zealots who imposed on them immediately a dark and brutal dicta-torship. That year, the zealots drafted a constitution, a new one for Iran. It directed the Revolutionary Guards not only to protect Iran’s borders but also to fulfill the ideological mission of jihad. The regime’s founder, Ayatollah Khomeini, exhorted his followers to ex-port the revolution throughout the world. 
I am standing here in Washington, 
D.C., and the difference is so stark. America’s founding document promises ‘‘life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness.’’ Iran’s founding document pledges death, tyranny, and the pursuit of jihad. And as states are collapsing across the Middle East, Iran is charg-ing into the void to do just that. Iran’s goons in Gaza, its lackeys in Lebanon, its Revolutionary Guards on the Golan Heights are clutching Israel with three tentacles of terror. Backed by Iran, Assad is slaughtering Syrians. Backed by Iran, Shiite militias are rampaging through Iraq. Backed by Iran, Houthi are seizing control of Yemen, threat-ening the strategic straits at the mouth of the Red Sea. Along with the Strait of Hormuz, that would give Iran a second choke point on the world’s oil supply. 
Just last week, near Hormuz, Iran 
carried out a military exercise, blow-ing up a mock U.S. aircraft carrier— that is just last week—while they are having nuclear talks with the United States. But unfortunately, for the last 36 years, Iran’s attacks against the United States have been anything but mock, and the targets have been all too real. 
Iran took dozens of Americans hos-
tage in Tehran; murdered hundreds of American soldiers, marines in Beirut, and was responsible for killing and maiming thousands of American serv-icemen and -women in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. 
Beyond the Middle East, Iran attacks 
America and its allies through its glob-al terror network. It blew up the Jew-ish community center and the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires; it helped al Qaeda bomb U.S. Embassies in Africa; it even attempted to assassinate the 
Saudi Ambassador right here in Wash-ington, D.C. 
In the Middle East, Iran now domi-
nates four Arab capitals—Baghdad, Da-mascus, Beirut, and Sana’a. And if Iran’s aggression is left unchecked, more will surely follow. 
So at a time when many hope that 
Iran will join the community of na-tions, Iran is busy gobbling up the na-tions. 
We must all stand together to stop 
Iran’s march of conquest, subjugation, and terror. 
Now, 2 years ago, we were told to 
give President Rouhani and Foreign Minister Zarif a chance to bring change and moderation to Iran—some change, some moderation. Rouhani’s govern-ment hangs gays, persecutes Chris-tians, jails journalists, and executes even more prisoners than before. 
Last year, the same Zarif who 
charms Western diplomats laid a wreath at the grave of Imad Mughniyah. Imad Mughniyah is the terrorist mastermind who spilled more American blood than any other ter-rorist besides Osama bin Laden. I would like to see someone ask him a question about that. 
Iran’s regime is as radical as ever, its 
cries of ‘‘Death to America,’’ that same America that it calls the great Satan, as loud as ever. Now this shouldn’t be surprising because the ideology of Iran’s revolutionary regime is deeply rooted in militant Islam, and that is why this regime will always be an enemy of America. 
And don’t be fooled. The battle be-
tween Iran and ISIS doesn’t turn Iran into a friend of America. Iran and ISIS are competing for the crown of mili-tant Islam. One calls itself the Islamic Republic; the other calls itself the Is-lamic State. Both want to impose a militant Islamic empire, first on the region, and then on the entire world. They just disagree among themselves who will be the ruler of that empire. 
In this deadly game of thrones, there 
is no place for America or for Israel; no peace for Christians, Jews, or Muslims who don’t share the Islamist medieval creed; no rights for women; no freedom for anyone. 
So when it comes to Iran and ISIS, 
the enemy of your enemy is your enemy. The difference is that ISIS is armed with butcher knives, captured weapons, and YouTube; whereas, Iran could soon be armed with interconti-nental ballistic missiles and nuclear bombs. 
We must always remember—I will 
say it one more time—the greatest danger facing our world is the marriage of militant Islam with nuclear weap-ons. To defeat ISIS and let Iran get nu-clear weapons would be to win the bat-tle but lose the war. We can’t let that happen. But that, my friends, is ex-actly what could happen if the deal now being negotiated is accepted by Iran. That deal will not prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. It would all but guarantee that Iran gets 
those weapons, lots of them. 
Let me explain why. While the final deal has not yet been 
signed, certain elements of any poten-tial deal are now a matter of public record. You don’t need intelligence agencies and secret information to know this. You can Google it. 
Absent a dramatic change, we know 
for sure that any deal with Iran will in-clude two major concessions to Iran. The first major concession would leave Iran with a vast nuclear infrastructure, providing it with a short breakout time to the bomb. ‘‘Breakout time’’ is the time it takes to amass enough weap-ons-grade uranium or plutonium for a nuclear bomb. 
According to the deal, not a single 
nuclear facility would be demolished. Thousands of centrifuges used to en-rich uranium would be left spinning. Thousands more would be temporarily disconnected but not destroyed. Be-cause Iran’s nuclear program would be left largely in tact, Iran’s breakout time would be very short—about a year by U.S. assessment, even shorter by Israel’s. And if Iran’s work on advanced centrifuges—faster and faster cen-trifuges—is not stopped, that breakout time could still be shorter—a lot short-er. 
True, certain restrictions would be 
imposed on Iran’s nuclear program, and Iran’s adherence to those restrictions would be supervised by international inspectors. But here is the problem, you see: inspectors document viola-tions; they don’t stop them. 
Inspectors knew when North Korea 
broke to the bomb, but that didn’t stop anything. North Korea turned off the cameras, kicked out the inspectors; and, within a few years, it got the bomb. 
Now, we are warned that within 5 
years, North Korea could have an arse-nal of 100 nuclear bombs. Like North Korea, Iran, too, has defied inter-national inspectors. It has done that on at least three separate occasions, 2005, 2006, and 2010. 
Like North Korea, Iran broke the 
locks and shut off the cameras. Now, I know this is not going to come as a shock to any of you, but Iran not only defies inspectors, it also plays a pretty good game of hide-and-cheat with them. 
The U.N.’s nuclear watchdog agency, 
the IAEA, said again yesterday that Iran still refuses to come clean about its military nuclear program. Iran was also caught—caught twice, not once— twice operating secret nuclear facili-ties in Natanz and Qom, facilities that inspectors didn’t even know existed. Right now, Iran could be hiding nu-clear facilities that we—the U.S. and Israel—don’t know about. 
As the former head of inspections for 
the IAEA said in 2013: ‘‘If there is no undeclared installation today in Iran, it will be the first time in 20 years that it doesn’t have one.’’ Iran has proven 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.005 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1530 March 3, 2015 
time and again that it cannot be trust-
ed, and that is why the first major con-cession is a source of grave concern. 
It leaves Iran with a vast nuclear in-
frastructure and relies on inspectors to prevent a breakout. That concession creates a real danger that Iran could get to the bomb by violating the deal. 
But the second major concession cre-
ates an even greater danger that Iran could get to the bomb by keeping the deal because virtually all the restric-tions on Iran’s nuclear program will automatically expire in about a dec-ade. 
Now, a decade may seem like a long 
time in political life, but it is the blink of an eye in the life of a nation. It is the blink of an eye in the life of our children. We all have a responsibility to consider what will happen when Iran’s nuclear capabilities are virtually unrestricted and all the sanctions will have been lifted. Iran would then be free to build a huge nuclear capacity that could produce many, many nu-clear bombs. 
Iran’s Supreme Leader says that 
openly. He says that Iran plans to have 190,000 centrifuges—not 6,000 or even the 19,000 that Iran has today, but ten times that amount—190,000 centrifuges enriching uranium. With this massive capacity, Iran could make the fuel for an entire nuclear arsenal and this in a matter of weeks once it makes that de-cision. 
My longtime friend John Kerry, Sec-
retary of State, confirmed last week that Iran could legitimately possess that massive centrifuge capacity when the deal expires. Now, I want you to think about that. The foremost sponsor of global terrorism could be weeks away from having enough enriched ura-nium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons—and this with full inter-national legitimacy. 
By the way, if Iran’s intercontinental 
ballistic missile program is not part of the deal—and, so far, Iran refuses to even put it on the negotiating table— well, Iran could have the means to de-liver that nuclear arsenal to the far- reaching corners of the Earth, includ-ing to every part of the United States. 
You see, my friends, this deal has 
two major concessions: one, leaving 
Iran with a vast nuclear program; and, two, lifting the restrictions on that program in about a decade. That is why this deal is so bad. It doesn’t block Iran’s path to the bomb; it paves Iran’s path to the bomb. 
Why would anyone make this deal? 
Because they hope that Iran will change for the better in the coming years or they believe that the alter-native to this deal is worse. 
Well, I disagree. I don’t believe that 
Iran’s radical regime will change for the better after this deal. This regime has been in power for 36 years, and its voracious appetite for aggression grows with each passing year. This deal would only whet Iran’s appetite for more. 
Would Iran be less aggressive when 
sanctions are removed and its economy is stronger? If Iran is gobbling up four 
countries right now while it is under sanctions, how many more countries will Iran devour when sanctions are lifted? 
Would Iran fund less terrorism when 
it has mountains of cash with which to fund more terrorism? Why should Iran’s radical regime change for the better when it can enjoy the best of both worlds: aggression abroad and prosperity at home? 
This is a question that everyone asks 
in our region. Israel’s neighbors—Iran’s neighbors—know that Iran will become even more aggressive and sponsor even more terrorism when its economy is unshackled and it has been given a clear path to the bomb. Many of these neighbors say that they will respond by racing to get nuclear weapons of their own. 
This deal won’t change Iran for the 
better; it will only change the Middle East for the worse. A deal that is sup-posed to prevent nuclear proliferation would instead spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet. 
This deal won’t be a farewell to arms. 
It would be a farewell to arms control, and the Middle East would soon be crisscrossed by nuclear tripwires. A re-gion where small skirmishes can trig-ger big wars would turn into a nuclear tinderbox. 
If anyone thinks this deal kicks the 
can down the road, think again. When we get down that road, we will face a much more dangerous Iran, a Middle East littered with nuclear bombs, and a countdown to a potential nuclear nightmare. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I have come 
here today to tell you we don’t have to bet the security of the world on the hope that Iran will change for the bet-ter. We don’t have to gamble with our future and with our children’s future. We can insist that restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program not be lifted for as long as Iran continues its aggression in the region and in the world. 
Before lifting those restrictions, the 
world should demand that Iran do three things: first, stop its aggression against its neighbors in the Middle East; second, stop supporting terrorism around the world; and, third, stop threatening to annihilate my country, Israel, the one and only Jewish state. 
If the world powers are not prepared 
to insist that Iran change its behavior before a deal is signed, at the very least, they should insist that Iran change its behavior before a deal ex-pires. 
If Iran changes its behavior, the re-
strictions would be lifted. If Iran doesn’t change its behavior, the re-strictions should not be lifted. If Iran wants to be treated like a normal coun-try, let it act like a normal country. 
My friends, what about the argument 
that there is no alternative to this deal, that Iran’s nuclear know-how cannot be erased, that its nuclear pro-gram is so advanced that the best we can do is delay the inevitable, which is, 
essentially, what the proposed deal seeks to do? 
Well, nuclear know-how without nu-
clear infrastructure doesn’t get you very much. A race car driver without a car can’t drive; a pilot without a plane can’t fly; without thousands of cen-trifuges, tons of enriched uranium, or heavy water facilities, Iran can’t make nuclear weapons. 
Iran’s nuclear program can be rolled 
back well beyond the current proposal by insisting on a better deal and keep-ing up the pressure on a very vulner-able regime, especially given the re-cent collapse in the price of oil. 
Now, if Iran threatens to walk away 
from the table—and this often happens in a Persian bazaar—call their bluff. They will be back because they need the deal a lot more than you do. And by maintaining the pressure on Iran, and on those who do business with Iran, you have the power to make them need it even more. 
My friends, for over a year, we have 
been told that no deal is better than a bad deal. Well, this is a bad deal, it is a very bad deal. We are better off with-out it. 
Now we are being told that the only 
alternative to this bad deal is war. That is just not true. The alternative to this bad deal is a much better deal, a better deal that doesn’t leave Iran with a vast nuclear infrastructure in such a short breakout time, a better deal that keeps the restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program in place until Iran’s aggression ends, a better deal that won’t give Iran an easy path to the bomb, a better deal that Israel and its neighbors may not like but with which we could live, literally. And no country, no country has a greater stake, no country has a greater stake than Israel in a good deal that peace-fully removes this threat. 
Ladies and gentlemen, history has 
placed us at a fateful crossroads. We must now choose between two paths. 
One path leads to a bad deal that 
will, at best, curtail Iran’s nuclear am-bitions for a while, but it will inex-orably lead to a nuclear-armed Iran whose unbridled aggression will inevi-tably lead to war. 
The second path, however difficult, 
could lead to a much better deal that would prevent a nuclear-armed Iran, a nuclearized Middle East, and the hor-rific consequences of both to all of hu-manity. 
You don’t have to read Robert Frost 
to know you have to live life, to know that the difficult path is usually the one less traveled, but it will make all the difference for the future of my country, the security of the Middle East, and the peace of the world, the peace that we all desire. 
My friends, standing up to Iran is not 
easy; standing up to dark and mur-derous regimes never is. With us today is Holocaust survivor and Nobel Prize winner Elie Wiesel. Elie, your life and work inspires to give meaning to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.007 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1531 March 3, 2015 
words ‘‘never again.’’ And I wish I 
could promise you, Elie, that the les-sons of history have been learned. I can only urge the leaders of the world not to repeat the mistakes of the past, not to sacrifice the future for the present, not to ignore aggression in the hopes of gaining an illusory peace. But I can guarantee you this: the days when the Jewish people remain passive in the face of genocidal enemies, those days are over. We are no longer scattered among the nations, powerless to defend ourselves. We have restored our sov-ereignty in our ancient home, and the soldiers who defend our home have boundless courage. 
For the first time in 100 generations, 
we, the Jewish people, can defend our-selves. This is why, as Prime Minister of Israel, I can promise you one more thing. Even if Israel has to stand alone, Israel will stand. But I know that Israel does not stand alone. I know that America stands with Israel, I know that you stand with Israel. You stand with Israel because you know that the story of Israel is not only the story of the Jewish people but of the human spirit that refuses again and again to succumb to history’s horrors. 
Facing me right up there in the gal-
lery, overlooking all of us in this au-gust Chamber, is the image of Moses. Moses led our people from slavery to the gates of the Promised Land. And before the people of Israel entered the 
land of Israel, Moses gave us a message that has steeled our resolve for thou-sands of years. 
I leave you with his message today: Be strong and resolute. Neither fear 
nor dread them. 
My friends, may Israel and America 
always stand together, strong and reso-lute. May we neither fear nor dread the challenges ahead. May we face the fu-ture with confidence, strength, and hope. 
May God bless the State of Israel, 
and may God bless the United States of America. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you all. You are wonderful. Thank you, America. Thank you. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) At 11 o’clock and 54 minutes a.m., 
His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, accompanied by the committee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms escorted the Acting Dean of the Diplomatic Corps from the Chamber. 
f 
JOINT MEETING DISSOLVED 
The SPEAKER. The purpose of the 
joint meeting having been completed, the Chair declares the joint meeting of the two Houses now dissolved. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 54 
minutes p.m.), the joint meeting of the two Houses was dissolved. 
The Members of the Senate retired to 
their Chamber. 
The SPEAKER. The House will con-
tinue in recess subject to the call of the Chair. b1232 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) at 12 o’clock 
and 32 minutes p.m. 
f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS HAD 
DURING RECESS 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pro-ceedings had during the recess be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 749, PASSENGER RAIL REFORM AND INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PE-RIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2015, THROUGH MARCH 13, 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 134 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 134 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 749) to reau-thorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-9. That amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute are waived. No amend-ment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute 
made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the 
period from March 6, 2015, through March 13, 2015— 
(a) the Journal of the proceedings of the 
previous day shall be considered as approved; and 
(b) the Chair may at any time declare the 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members 
to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
S
EC. 4. At any time through the legislative 
day of March 13, 2015, the Chair may post-pone further consideration of a measure in the House to such time as may be designated by the Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. Speaker, I always enjoy hearing 
the Reading Clerk read the work of the Rules Committee. I always look around to see how many folks are fixated on those words because words matter, and we spend a lot of time trying to craft the rules to be just right. 
But as proud as I am of the work we 
do in the Rules Committee, I confess that coming down here to this floor just moments after the Prime Minister of Israel delivered the speech that he just delivered—wow, you talk about words that matter. 
I knew I was going to learn some-
thing in that speech, Mr. Speaker. I 
knew I was going to feel something in that speech. And just here moments after, what I came away with was, number one, we can learn a lot from the Prime Minister about leadership, about saying what you mean and meaning what you say. When the stakes are high, when the results im-pact all the families that we serve, it matters. 
We care a lot about people in this 
Chamber. Sometimes we have a crisis of leadership. Sometimes we have a cri-sis of followership. It is tremendously meaningful to me to see the leadership that was on display here, not just for America but for the world. 
Number two, Mr. Speaker, the Prime 
Minister had a lesson for us all about class. He spent the first 5 minutes of that speech talking about his affection for President Obama, talking about his respect for President Obama, talking about the relationship between the United States of America and how President Obama had played a mean-ingful role in keeping Israel safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.008 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1532 March 3, 2015 
We are not always in that place down 
here. And oftentimes, we find politics gets under our skin. Oftentimes, when there is a big debate surrounding a se-
rious issue, we take it as a personal af-front. And sometimes when we come back down to the House floor, we don’t talk to one another with the mutual respect that, I would argue, every sin-gle Member of this Chamber has earned. We don’t talk to each other across the aisle, I think, in ways that would always make our constituents back home proud. 
It meant a lot to me, given the emo-
tion that surrounded the invitation of the Prime Minister to be here, that he spent his first moments of that speech not talking about frustrations, not talking about who did what to whom, but talking about his deep respect for the leader of the United States of America and what President Obama had meant to the safety and the secu-rity of Israel. I value that. 
It kind of makes what we are going 
to talk about next, Mr. Speaker, seem a little small, but it is not small. We are talking about passenger rail in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule, H. Res. 134, al-
lows us to bring up H.R. 749, the Pas-senger Rail Reform and Investment Act. They call it PRRIA. And it passed unanimously out of the Transportation Committee. I have the great pleasure, Mr. Speaker, of serving both on the Rules Committee and the Transpor-tation Committee, and rail isn’t one of those you think about as being a unan-imous issue. 
In my great State of Georgia, Mr. 
Speaker—and I have taken the train from Atlanta down to New Orleans, so I know we have some great stops on Amtrak in the great State of Mis-sissippi. But if you want to take the train from Atlanta to Columbia, South Carolina—it is about a 3-hour drive right across the way—that train is going to leave tonight, out of Atlanta at 8 o’clock, and not tomorrow but 2 days from now, that train is going to arrive in Columbia, South Carolina, having connected through the city of Washington. It makes no sense whatso-ever, but that is just where the rails are. That is where the rails are. 
Now, you contrast that—the com-
plete meaninglessness that rail has for me, that Amtrak has for me in the great State of Georgia, since it takes me absolutely nowhere I want to go, at a speed that I desire, at a price that I can afford—contrast that with what is going on in the Northeast corridor. 
My friend from Massachusetts, I won-
der if he ever gets on a plane to fly back home. If I lived in New York City and worked in Washington, D.C., I wouldn’t even have a Delta frequent flyer number. I would be on the train every single trip. Why? Because it pro-vides reliable, fast, inexpensive service for the most densely populated popu-lation corridor in the United States of America. 
That has always confounded this 
body, Mr. Speaker. How do we balance the needs of that northeastern trans-
portation corridor, where Amtrak is so meaningful, so valuable to so many people—I don’t think the roads and the bridges could handle the crush of hu-manity in the absence of Amtrak—how would we balance that success story, the only profitable corridor on the Am-trak route, with what, I would argue, is a tremendous failure in the rest of the country, where I can fly to Jackson-ville, Florida, 48 hours faster than I can ride the train there, and at a lower price? 
This bill is about reform, Mr. Speak-
er. And I am not even going to argue that we, in the Transportation Com-mittee, got it exactly right. We worked awfully hard on it. There was a lot of leadership provided by Members on both sides of the aisle. 
But on the outside chance that we 
didn’t get it exactly right, the Rules Committee came together yesterday, Mr. Speaker, and made amendments in order. One of the great parts of this process is that you don’t have to be on the committee of jurisdiction in order to have an impact on legislation. Any Member of the House can come to the Rules Committee and ask for an amendment to be made in order. This rule today makes in order seven such amendments to improve this bill. Four of those amendments come from Demo-cratic Members. Three of those amend-ments come from Republican Members. Again, we were trying to maintain that collegial, bipartisan spirit that we had in the Transportation Committee on the underlying bill. We tried to con-tinue that in the Rules Committee again last night. 
I don’t know how those amendments 
are going to shake out down here today, Mr. Speaker. And I am glad that I don’t know how they are going to shake out. I don’t think having a pre-determined destination on this floor is what our constituents sent us here to do. I don’t think that is what being a representative democracy is. I think what you want are folks to be able to come down here and express their opin-ions. I have the great pleasure of serv-ing on the Rules Committee, which en-ables that to happen. 
One of the great changes in this bill, 
Mr. Speaker, is we take those dollars that American citizens are paying to ride Amtrak on that northeastern cor-ridor, that profitable corridor, and we leave those dollars there so that that route can expand and improve. The population continues to grow there. Transportation needs continue to ex-pand there. And we create a partner-ship with States in those areas to say, Mr. Speaker, if you have a priority, as a Governor, as a State legislature, if you want to partner with the Federal Government to make your train serv-ice more effective, more efficient, we want to partner with you. 
But if your idea of a transportation 
plan is to do nothing locally but rely on the Federal Government to do it all for you, we have no money for you. That seems fair. The Federal Govern-
ment is not a piggy bank that State and local communities can come to and withdraw from for their needs. What it is is a partner that, for these large transportation projects, for these projects of national significance, States and localities can partner with to make those a reality. 
I don’t know that we will ever get 
the kind of Amtrak service in your or my part of the world, Mr. Speaker, that we have in the Northeast corridor. And candidly, I don’t know that our constituencies will ever clamor for that service. But it is meaningful to me that even though we have different views on the issue of rail, even though we have different views on the future of rail, that we were able to come to-gether, again, in a unanimous way to put forward a bill that will celebrate and fund those parts of the rail system that are successfully serving America and that will reform and, in some cases, eliminate those unprofitable parts of the rail system that I don’t think any member of our constituency would be enthusiastic about funding with their hard-earned tax dollars. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
b1245 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me the cus-
tomary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
(Mr. M CGOVERN asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we 
support the rule, and we support the underlying bill. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I told a 
group of constituents just a moment ago—I don’t know if I look a little wet up here. It is not perspiration from running back to the House floor. I feel obligated to tell my friends that. It is dripping a little bit outside, and that is the fastest way to get here from my of-fice. 
But I was back in my office with con-
stituents from AIPAC. Sixteen thou-sand men and women from AIPAC came into town this week to make their voice heard. Now, I couldn’t find anybody who was here on paid vaca-tion, and I couldn’t find anyone else that had someone else foot the bill. What I saw was 16,000 people who put their money where their mouth is to come and petition the government, to come and try to make us better. 
I bring that up, Mr. Speaker, because 
what I told those men and women today of AIPAC was that there were grumpy faces on the floor of the House yesterday. I remember seeing a few. In fact, I might have been one. I will go ahead and confess, Mr. Speaker, I was one. We have some serious problems here, some serious challenges, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.011 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1533 March 3, 2015 
some serious disagreements. In the now 
almost 1 hour since the Prime Minister finished speaking, I have seen more smiles; I have seen more collegiality; and I have seen more Members enjoy-ing each other and working together in just that 1 hour than I have seen in the entire month of February. 
I bring that up, Mr. Speaker, because 
the gentleman from Massachusetts and I have been working on rules for a long time together—a long time together— and I don’t think it would offend the gentleman if I were to say that he and I often disagree about the way a rule ought to be crafted. We often disagree about the underlying legislation. Here we are on the Rules Committee, Mr. Speaker, but we may spend an hour or 2 or 3, sometimes longer, debating the merits of the underlying legislation. So to come here 1 hour after that spectac-ular come-together-for-things-that- matter speech the Prime Minister just gave and to find agreement with my friend on the Rules Committee—not just on the rule but, I daresay, on the underlying bill—I hope it is a sign of things to come—not just a thing to come in the regular relationship be-tween my friend from Massachusetts and me, because that relationship is strong, but a relationship across the board. 
We have passed and sent to the Presi-
dent lots of bills this Congress, Mr. Speaker. In fact, I think we have passed something like 40 bills out of the U.S. House of Representatives. I don’t know if I went home and asked my constituency that they can name two. I think they would know the XL pipeline bill, because that is something everyone has been focused on. But I don’t think, as a population, they could name two. 
I hope this is the start of a success 
that the Rules Committee is going to have together over the next 18 months. I hope this is going to be the start of the kinds of agreements that we can create together, Mr. Speaker. 
I thank my friend from Massachu-
setts for being part of, again, making today a little bit better than yesterday was. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, again, 
I thank the gentleman for his com-ments. We support the rule and the un-derlying bill, and with that, I reserve the balance of my time. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H. Res. 134. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, while we talk about 
agreements here on the floor, I think sometimes folks back home are con-cerned that we are agreeing on the lit-
tle things, things that don’t matter, that we are talking about renaming a post office. While that is important to that community and while that is im-portant to the man or woman being honored, I would argue it doesn’t nec-essarily advance the cause of freedom and democracy. I can’t tell you with a straight face that what we are doing on passenger rail today is going to ad-vance the cause of freedom and democ-racy. If you want to advance the cause of freedom and democracy, you needed to be here 2 hours ago when the Prime Minister came to deliver his message to the United States Congress. Free-dom and democracy lived there. 
What we are advancing on this pas-
senger rail bill, Mr. Speaker, is just common sense. It is just common sense. I don’t want to get in the weeds of all the exciting things that go on in there, Mr. Speaker. I serve on the Transportation Committee. Of course it is exciting to me. Of course I am going to be involved in the minutia. I don’t know that my other colleagues are quite as enthusiastic about that. 
I would encourage folks to go to 
transportation.house.gov, Mr. Speaker. The Transportation Committee, like all committees on Capitol Hill, has a Web page, and on that Web page you can get deep into the weeds. If you are a policy wonk like I am and you want to dig down into the minutia and find out what subparagraph (f) says about clause 2, you can absolutely do it. But there are some top line numbers there, too. 
And again, I want folks to have 
something to celebrate here. I want folks to be able to be enthusiastic about their representative body. I would argue, as the Prime Minister ar-gued, that the greatest deliberative body, the greatest bastion of freedom on the planet, if you want to know what is going on, go to that Transpor-tation Committee Web site. You are going to find—well, you are going to find all sorts of information. You will find something like this one-pager right here, whether you are a high school student who cares about pas-senger rail or whether you are a trans-portation engineer leading your local Department of Transportation, all of those details can be found there. 
I will give you one example. 
Could you believe—you come from a 
constituency much like I do, Mr. Speaker, but can you believe that in the United States of America today, in the era of sequester—in the era of se-quester—that not one Member of this body would say isn’t having an impact on our social safety net, where not one Member of this body wouldn’t say isn’t having an impact on our national secu-rity, in this era of sequester, Amtrak subsidizes food and beverage service— subsidizes food and beverage service. It is a loss-leading part of the transpor-tation funding on Amtrak. 
I will just tell you, I have ridden Am-
trak to New York a time or two. I didn’t have any beverage service. It is 
not like my friends on Delta who will bring me a Coca-Cola product on my flight to Washington, D.C., here. You have to go down to the beverage car. Now, if you would like to bring your own lunch on Amtrak, you absolutely can. If your husband or wife wants to make you a sack at home, you can bring it on in and eat it right there on the train. Yet the American taxpayer, as we sit here right now—this isn’t pro-spective. This is as we sit here right now. The American taxpayer is fund-ing—subsidizing—food service for those men and women who happen to ride Amtrak every day. 
Again, for your and my constitu-
encies, Mr. Speaker, that is worth nothing. That is worth nothing. But even for those constituencies that ride Amtrak to work every single day, don’t you think in this time of budget cut-ting, of trying to end the $18 trillion of borrowing from our children and grand-children, this time of trying to balance our national security needs with our social safety net needs, don’t you think that one of the things we could agree on is we don’t need to subsidize snack food for train riders? 
The truth is, Mr. Speaker, I say that 
like it is a rhetorical question, that I am going to start to get out my sharp stick and poke the other side. I am not. It happens to be one of the things that we agree on. 
How many years have you and I been 
in Congress, Mr. Speaker, trying to get rid of silly stuff that the Federal Gov-ernment does? Well, for you and me, the answer is 4. For 4 years we have been working on trying to get rid of silly stuff that the Federal Govern-ment does; subsidizing Twinkies, part of that silly stuff. I am not picking on Twinkies. I have great respect for Twinkie eaters. But I don’t want my tax dollars subsidizing that habit. 
Unanimously, on the Transportation 
Committee, Mr. Speaker, we have come together to say: I don’t know why we didn’t do this a long time ago, I don’t know why the other previous Congress hadn’t gotten it done, but the buck stops here. We are going to work to-gether and do that. 
Where are those dollars going to go 
instead, Mr. Speaker? They are going to go to improving quality of service. Find me that constituent back home; find him in Atlanta; find him in Mis-sissippi; find those constituents back home who wouldn’t make that trade with their tax dollars every day of the week. We are doing it. We are doing it together, and we are doing it in a way I hope the Senate will act on it. If they can’t take wisdom as we have defined it, I welcome a conference, and I hope we will be able to get this bill on the President’s desk. 
All of these great ideas that we have 
come together, that we have done in a collaborative way, Republicans and Democrats on the committee, Repub-licans and Democrats here on the floor of the House, the seven amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.013 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1534 March 3, 2015 
that we are going to be considering 
today, all of these things we have done collaboratively, Mr. Speaker, mean nothing—mean nothing—if they don’t go to the President’s desk for his signa-ture. This is but a first step, but it is a proud first step. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, again, we agree with 
the rule, and we agree with the under-lying bill. If the gentleman would like more time, I am happy to yield to him because I always enjoy hearing him speak in the Rules Committee, and I think our colleagues could benefit from his speaking on the House floor. But I don’t know what else to add except we are all in agreement, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, while I 
appreciate the accolades of my friend from Massachusetts, the truth is I am not an expert on this bill. The Trans-portation Committee is staffed with those experts at a staff level and at an elected Member level. 
At this time, Mr. Speaker, it is my 
pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ), 
who has been a leader on the Transpor-tation Committee, not looking for Re-publican solutions and not looking for Democratic solutions, but looking for commonsense solutions and then sell-ing those to his colleagues on both sides. 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to touch on 
a few of the great things on this reform bill. Make no mistake, this will reform passenger rail as we know it today in many different areas. 
First of all, we expect that Amtrak 
will be utilized more often in a more efficient way and in a more trans-parent way operating more like a busi-ness, a business that will give results back to its customers. 
This is going to be a bill that sets up 
different lines of business. So if you are on the Northeast corridor and you are paying a ticket that is high priced, you don’t want to subsidize Amtrak across the Nation, your money is now going to stay on the Northeast corridor so you have not only improved infrastructure, but a smoother ride, a more efficient ride, and a quicker transit time. 
We want to fix rail across the Nation. 
We want to make sure that we are doing it in a fiscally responsible man-ner. On the Northeast corridor, we are going to see significant improvements and jobs created at the same time. 
We are going to see in other areas of 
the country, in areas like mine where you have got rail that we want to ex-tend further, we want to be able to uti-lize RIF loans. RIF loans have been a great program that has been sorely un-derutilized. You talk to companies out there that want to use RIF loans, it is amazing that they won’t even apply for them because they know they will slow their projects down. The wait time in 
actually getting them approved to re-lease that capital will shut your project down, so they just don’t apply. We streamline that process so that we can actually unleash that capital not only for Amtrak to improve its lines of business, but for other rails across the entire country to improve theirs as well. 
We also introduced competition. This 
leverages the private sector to reduce Amtrak’s subsidies and uses our sta-tions and right-of-way as actual in-come streams. Amtrak should be uti-lizing every income stream available to them and utilizing their right-of-way for signage, for cellphone towers, and utilizing their stations to actually gen-erate a larger profit. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just touch on 
one other area that I am very, very passionate about, one that hasn’t been talked about a lot on this floor but one that is getting a great deal of press across the entire country. To those families that have a pet at home, to those families that have to make a de-cision ‘‘Do I leave my dog or cat at home, or I am actually able to travel with them on a train?’’ right now they have to make a decision to either take a car or take an airplane. 
It is amazing to me to find out, as 
somebody from California, when I trav-el back and forth with my dog, I can put them on a plane, but yet I can’t put them on a train to go up the Northeast corridor or anywhere else across the country. This is something that will allow new riders that didn’t previously want to ride the train before because they couldn’t take their pet on there to do so, but also a new revenue genera-tion with paying for those pets the same way that our airplanes across the country are paid for taking their pets as well. 
Now, this is a great, bipartisan bill, 
one that I am very proud that we reached across both aisles. We whipped every Member of the Transportation Committee to make sure that we had true results across the entire country to get not only bipartisan support, but unanimous support. You talk about the right way to get a bill done, this is it, by encouraging Members of both par-ties to actually work together for real reforms that move America forward. This rail bill does just that. It will cre-ate jobs; it will create a more efficient passenger rail; and this is going to give new opportunities to those that never were able to ride rail before the oppor-tunity to be greater involved. 
Let me just touch on one last point. 
Across the entire country, our pas-senger rail oftentimes rides on our freight rail system. They have to share the same tracks. 
b1300 
Well, one of the challenges is we have 
bottlenecks across the entire country. As we expand that new infrastructure, as we create these new jobs, as we cre-ate greater efficiencies, we need to be able to do it in a timely and cost-effec-
tive manner. 
What we have done is cut a lot of red 
tape and streamlined the process. There are both environmental and his-toric review that we actually put time periods on. We want to do the reviews. We want to make sure that it still re-mains historic and that we are being environmentally sensitive. 
We are just saying: Let’s streamline 
the process so we can get the projects done quickly, getting people to work, and getting a rail system that is like no other across the entire globe. 
We have great improvements here. I 
am very proud of this bill and the work that we have done here, and I am look-ing for full passage this afternoon. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ), a member of the 
committee and a leader on transpor-tation issues. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me this time. 
I rise in very strong support of this 
legislation for all of the reasons that were just stated by Chairman D
ENHAM , 
who has been a great chairman of the Railroad Subcommittee. 
This is a major reform bill that I 
think every Member should be very proud to support. It is especially a very fiscally conservative bill. It will save $2.3 billion over the next 4 years, and it is moving this Congress and this legis-lation in a new direction, a better di-rection, from a fiscal standpoint. 
It also is going to save a very sub-
stantial amount of money on food serv-ice. According to The New York Times, train food service lost $800 million over the last 10 years. This bill will, in a graduated way, remove the subsidy for train food service until it gets on a self-supporting basis, so it is fiscally conservative and commonsense legisla-tion in that respect also. 
It speeds up the environmental re-
view process. This is an area that we try to do in all of our transportation bills because we have been doing all of our major transportation projects in such a convoluted, complicated bureau-cratic way that we have always taken about three times as long as any other developed nation to do the things to improve our infrastructure that needs to be done. 
This bill also introduces opportuni-
ties for competition. This is another good thing about this bill because, if we really believe in the free market and in free enterprise, we need to give 
more companies and more people a chance to get into these businesses and make all of our industries have greater ease of entry. 
Another thing that I think is good 
about this legislation—this major re-form bill—is that it empowers States to get involved by setting up a new State-supported route advisory com-mittee. This has the potential of cre-ating new train service in States, such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.014 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1535 March 3, 2015 
as mine in Tennessee, that don’t have 
passenger train service at this time. 
For all these reasons and for all the 
reasons that Congressman D ENHAM — 
Chairman D ENHAM —just mentioned, I 
think this is a bill that deserves the support of all the Members on both sides of the aisle. 
I rise in strong support of this legis-
lation. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, we support the rule and the 
underlying bill. I want to thank every-body involved. This is a bipartisan ef-fort. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to reiterate the partnership 
that went on here not just with the un-derlying bill, but with the amendment process that is happening here, seven amendments available for our col-leagues this afternoon. 
If you don’t want to see Amtrak sub-
sidized by the Federal Government—a lot of folks would have kept your voice silent—this amendment process allows your voice to be heard. 
If you want to make sure that all the 
folks doing contracting with Amtrak are focused on veterans and veteran- owned small businesses—you want that included in the underlying bill—we have an amendment process today that allows you to add that language. 
If you are concerned about the in-
spector general’s reports and what they are looking at and how they are calcu-lating it, we give you a chance to make those changes. 
Issue after issue after issue, Mr. 
Speaker—again, three Republican ideas, four Democratic ideas—we allow those to come to the floor in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, passenger rail is an ex-
ample of one of those things that di-vides this country. If you live in Cali-fornia, as the chairman does, you have a spectacular rail system. If you live in the Northeast corridor, you have a spectacular rail system. 
If you live in the State of Georgia, 
you can ride your horse to your next destination faster than you can take the train. That is not an inequity that we are going to solve in this bill; and, arguably, we don’t even need to solve that inequity. 
I am happy for my friends in the 
Northeast corridor to have spectacular service. It is profitable. Folks want it, folks need it, folks use it, and folks are willing to dig into their pockets to pay for it. 
In fact, there is an amendment that 
is going to be offered here today, Mr. Speaker, that would allow competitive private train service in that corridor. Now, that is going to be up to the body to decide whether or not they think that is a good idea. 
Imagine that, imagine that, Mr. 
Speaker, that before us today you have your choice of: Do you want the bill as the committee has crafted it, saving money, as my friend from Tennessee 
described? Do you want to eliminate Amtrak subsidies altogether and say, We do not have a national interest in rail, and our budget will reflect that? Or do we want to allow even more rail service by allowing private competi-tion on some of these Amtrak-owned routes? 
Mr. Speaker, that is why I came to 
this body. I am not going to try to twist any arms on this floor about which amendments they ought to vote for and which they don’t. Folks have their own set of a million constituents back home, and they ought to rep-resent those interests. 
What I will twist arms on this floor 
to do, Mr. Speaker, is to support the rule that allows for this kind of open debate. As I think my friend from Mas-sachusetts would agree, we have not al-ways had the open debates on impor-tant issues that I think we would all agree should be had. It is a process, and today, we got that process right. 
This rule is worthy of the support of 
all of my colleagues: Republicans, Democrats, north, south, east, and west. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, House Report 
114–36, the report to accompany H. Res. 134, the special rule governing consideration of H.R. 749, contains an inaccurate summary of Amendment #6 offered by Mr. M
CCLINTOCK of 
California. The summary should read as fol-lows: 
The amendment eliminates all Federal as-
sistance for Amtrak. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate disagree to the request for conference by the House of Rep-resentatives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses to the bill (H.R. 240) ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
b1315 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). The Clerk will report the 
Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the first word and insert 
the following: 
the following sums are appropriated, out of any 
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT AND 
OPERATIONS 
O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, as authorized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), and executive management of the Department of Homeland Security, as au-thorized by law, $132,573,000: Provided, That not to exceed $45,000 shall be for official recep-tion and representation expenses: Provided fur-ther, That all official costs associated with the use of government aircraft by Department of Homeland Security personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Sec-retary shall be paid from amounts made avail-able for the Immediate Office of the Secretary and the Immediate Office of the Deputy Sec-retary: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Commit-tees on the Judiciary of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate, the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, a com-prehensive plan for implementation of the bio-metric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), including the estimated costs for imple-mentation. 
O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Management, as authorized by sections 701 through 705 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 through 345), $187,503,000, of which not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $4,493,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, solely for the alteration and improvement of fa-cilities, tenant improvements, and relocation costs to consolidate Department headquarters operations at the Nebraska Avenue Complex; and $6,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for the Human Resources Infor-mation Technology program: Provided further, That the Under Secretary for Management shall include in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a Com-prehensive Acquisition Status Report, which shall include the information required under the heading ‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’ under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), and shall submit quarterly updates to such report not later than 45 days after the completion of each quarter. 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Financial Officer, as authorized by sec-tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), $52,020,000: Provided, That the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.015 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1536 March 3, 2015 
31, United States Code, the Future Years Home-
land Security Program, as authorized by section 874 of Public Law 107–296 (6 U.S.C. 454). 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Information Officer, as authorized by sec-tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), and Department-wide technology investments, $288,122,000; of which $99,028,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $189,094,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, shall be available for devel-opment and acquisition of information tech-nology equipment, software, services, and re-lated activities for the Department of Homeland Security. 
A
NALYSIS AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for intelligence anal-
ysis and operations coordination activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $255,804,000; of which not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $118,617,000; of which not to exceed $300,000 may be used for certain confidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. 
TITLE II 
SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND 
INVESTIGATIONS 
U
NITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of 
laws relating to border security, immigration, customs, agricultural inspections and regulatory activities related to plant and animal imports, and transportation of unaccompanied minor aliens; purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; and contracting with individuals for personal serv-ices abroad; $8,459,657,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $30,000,000 shall be available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, solely for the purpose of hiring, training, and equipping United States Customs and Border Protection officers at ports of entry; of which not to exceed $34,425 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses; of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consolidated Omni-bus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be derived from that account; of which not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance operations; and of which not to ex-ceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensa-tion to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Home-land Security: Provided, That for fiscal year 2015, the overtime limitation prescribed in sec-tion 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) shall be $35,000; and notwith-standing any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be avail-able to compensate any employee of United States Customs and Border Protection for over-time, from whatever source, in an amount that exceeds such limitation, except in individual cases determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, to be necessary for national security purposes, to pre-
vent excessive costs, or in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided further, That the Border Patrol shall maintain an active duty presence of not less than 21,370 full-time equivalent agents protecting the borders of the United States in the fiscal year. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For necessary expenses for United States Cus-
toms and Border Protection for operation and improvement of automated systems, including salaries and expenses, $808,169,000; of which $446,075,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017; and of which not less than $140,970,000 shall be for the development of the Automated Commercial Environment. 
BORDER SECURITY FENCING , INFRASTRUCTURE , 
AND TECHNOLOGY  
For expenses for border security fencing, in-
frastructure, and technology, $382,466,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for the operations, 
maintenance, and procurement of marine ves-sels, aircraft, unmanned aircraft systems, the Air and Marine Operations Center, and other related equipment of the air and marine pro-gram, including salaries and expenses, oper-ational training, and mission-related travel, the operations of which include the following: the interdiction of narcotics and other goods; the provision of support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the enforcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; and, at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of assist-ance to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency humani-tarian efforts; $750,469,000; of which $299,800,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $450,669,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided, That no air-craft or other related equipment, with the excep-tion of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identified as excess to United States Cus-toms and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agen-cy, department, or office outside of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2015 without prior notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided further, That funding made available under this heading shall be available for customs expenses when necessary to maintain or to temporarily increase oper-ations in Puerto Rico: Provided further, That the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on any changes to the 5-year strategic plan for the air and marine program required under the heading ‘‘Air and Marine Interdiction, Op-erations, and Maintenance’’ in Public Law 112– 74. 
CONSTRUCTION AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses to plan, acquire, con-
struct, renovate, equip, furnish, operate, man-age, and maintain buildings, facilities, and re-lated infrastructure necessary for the adminis-tration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs, immigration, and border security, $288,821,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
U
NITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  
ENFORCEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of im-
migration and customs laws, detention and re-movals, and investigations, including intellec-tual property rights and overseas vetted units operations; and purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type ve-hicles; $5,932,756,000; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be available until expended for 
conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081); of which not to exceed $11,475 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses; of which not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security; of which not less than $305,000 shall be for promotion of pub-lic awareness of the child pornography tipline and activities to counter child exploitation; of which not less than $5,400,000 shall be used to facilitate agreements consistent with section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)); of which not to exceed $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, is for maintenance, construction, and lease hold improvements at owned and leased facilities; and of which not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for over-time in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security pur-poses and in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided further, That of the total amount pro-vided, $15,770,000 shall be for activities to en-force laws against forced child labor, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the total amount available, not less than $1,600,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime who may be deport-able, and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deportable: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Homeland Security shall prioritize the identification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime: Provided further, That funding made available under this heading shall main-tain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds through September 30, 2015: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount provided, not less than $3,431,444,000 is for detention, enforcement, and removal operations, including transpor-tation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Provided further, That of the amount provided for Cus-tody Operations in the previous proviso, $45,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided further, That of the total amount provided for the Visa Security Pro-gram and international investigations, $43,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016: Provided further, That not less 
than $15,000,000 shall be available for investiga-tion of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue a delega-tion of law enforcement authority authorized under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Inspector General determines that the terms of the agreement gov-erning the delegation of authority have been materially violated: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue any contract for the provi-sion of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facility are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equivalent median score in any subsequent performance evaluation system: Provided fur-ther, That nothing under this heading shall pre-vent United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement from exercising those authorities provided under immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))) during pri-ority operations pertaining to aliens convicted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1537 March 3, 2015 
of a crime: Provided further, That without re-
gard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to reprogram and transfer funds within and into this appropriation necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for removal. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For expenses of immigration and customs en-
forcement automated systems, $26,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
AVIATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transportation 
Security Administration related to providing civil aviation security services pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Pub-lic Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $5,639,095,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016; of which not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That any award to deploy explosives detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in increased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost ef-fectiveness: Provided further, That security service fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collections and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further, That the sum appropriated under this heading from the general fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2015 so as to result in a final fiscal year ap-propriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $3,574,095,000: Provided further, That the fees deposited under this heading in fiscal year 2013 and sequestered pursuant to sec-tion 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), that are currently unavailable for obligation, are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding section 44923 of title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2015, any funds in the Aviation Security Capital Fund es-tablished by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explosives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agree-ments for the purpose of funding projects de-scribed in section 44923(a) of such title: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, mobile explosives detection equip-ment purchased and deployed using funds made available under this heading may be moved and redeployed to meet evolving passenger and bag-gage screening security priorities at airports: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any re-cruiting or hiring of personnel into the Trans-portation Security Administration that would cause the agency to exceed a staffing level of 45,000 full-time equivalent screeners: Provided further, That the preceding proviso shall not apply to personnel hired as part-time employees: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a detailed report on— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security ef-
forts and resources being devoted to develop more advanced integrated passenger screening technologies for the most effective security of passengers and baggage at the lowest possible operating and acquisition costs, including pro-jected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 years or until project completion, which-ever is earlier; 
(2) how the Transportation Security Adminis-
tration is deploying its existing passenger and baggage screener workforce in the most cost ef-fective manner; and (3) labor savings from the deployment of im-
proved technologies for passenger and baggage screening and how those savings are being used to offset security costs or reinvested to address security vulnerabilities: 
Provided further, That not later than April 15, 
2015, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a semiannual re-port updating information on a strategy to in-crease the number of air passengers eligible for expedited screening, including: 
(1) specific benchmarks and performance 
measures to increase participation in Pre-Check by air carriers, airports, and passengers; 
(2) options to facilitate direct application for 
enrollment in Pre-Check through the Transpor-tation Security Administration’s Web site, air-ports, and other enrollment locations; 
(3) use of third parties to pre-screen pas-
sengers for expedited screening; 
(4) inclusion of populations already vetted by 
the Transportation Security Administration and other trusted populations as eligible for expe-dited screening; 
(5) resource implications of expedited pas-
senger screening resulting from the use of risk- based security methods; and 
(6) the total number and percentage of pas-
sengers using Pre-Check lanes who: 
(A) have enrolled in Pre-Check since Trans-
portation Security Administration enrollment centers were established; 
(B) enrolled using the Transportation Security 
Administration’s Pre-Check application Web site; 
(C) were enrolled as frequent flyers of a par-
ticipating airline; 
(D) utilized Pre-Check as a result of their en-
rollment in a Trusted Traveler program of United States Customs and Border Protection; 
(E) were selectively identified to participate in 
expedited screening through the use of Managed Inclusion in fiscal year 2014; and 
(F) are enrolled in all other Pre-Check cat-
egories: 
Provided further, That Members of the United 
States House of Representatives and United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, in-cluding the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the De-partment of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney Gen-eral, Assistant Attorneys General, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal pas-senger and baggage screening. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transportation 
Security Administration related to surface transportation security activities, $123,749,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
INTELLIGENCE AND VETTING  
For necessary expenses for the development 
and implementation of intelligence and vetting activities, $219,166,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY SUPPORT  
For necessary expenses of the Transportation 
Security Administration related to transpor-tation security support pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $917,226,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided, That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— 
(1) a report providing evidence demonstrating 
that behavioral indicators can be used to iden-tify passengers who may pose a threat to avia-
tion security and the plans that will be put into place to collect additional performance data; and 
(2) a report addressing each of the rec-
ommendations outlined in the report entitled ‘‘TSA Needs Additional Information Before Pro-curing Next-Generation Systems’’, published by the Government Accountability Office on March 31, 2014, and describing the steps the Transpor-tation Security Administration is taking to im-plement acquisition best practices, increase in-dustry engagement, and improve transparency with regard to technology acquisition programs: 
Provided further, That of the funds provided 
under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Headquarters Administration until the submission of the reports required by paragraphs (1) and (2) of the preceding proviso. 
C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for the operation and 
maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; purchase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of no more than $700,000) and re-pairs and service-life replacements, not to ex-ceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase or lease of boats necessary for overseas deployments and activities; minor shore construction projects not exceeding $1,000,000 in total cost on any loca-tion; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $7,043,318,000, of which $553,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities, of which $213,000,000 is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Li-ability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which not to ex-ceed $15,300 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds made available by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, ex-cept to the extent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to this appropriation: Provided further, That to the extent fees are in-sufficient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel applica-tions, then personnel performing non-rec-reational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform documentation under section 12114: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $85,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Directorates until a future- years capital investment plan for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, as specified under the head-ing ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ of this Act, is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided fur-ther, That funds made available under this heading for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism may be allocated by program, project, and activity, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act: Provided further, That, without regard to the limitation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be reprogrammed to or from Military Pay and Allowances in ac-cordance with subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 503. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1538 March 3, 2015 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  
For necessary expenses to carry out the envi-
ronmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,197,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019. 
RESERVE TRAINING  
For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard 
Reserve, as authorized by law; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard reserve pro-gram; personnel and training costs; and equip-ment and services; $114,572,000. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND IMPROVEMENTS  
For necessary expenses of acquisition, con-
struction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, and air-craft, including equipment related thereto; and maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment; as authorized by law; $1,225,223,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which the following amounts shall be available until September 30, 2019 (except as subsequently specified): $6,000,000 for military family housing; $824,347,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve vessels, small boats, and related equipment; $180,000,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve aircraft or increase aviation capability; $59,300,000 for other acquisition programs; $40,580,000 for shore facilities and aids to navigation, including fa-cilities at Department of Defense installations used by the Coast Guard; and $114,996,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2015, for per-sonnel compensation and benefits and related costs: Provided, That the funds provided by this Act shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the production of the eighth Na-tional Security Cutter notwithstanding the availability of funds for post-production costs: Provided further, That the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future- years capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each requested capital asset— 
(1) the proposed appropriations included in 
that budget; 
(2) the total estimated cost of completion, in-
cluding and clearly delineating the costs of as-sociated major acquisition systems infrastruc-ture and transition to operations; 
(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal 
year for the next 5 fiscal years or until acquisi-tion program baseline or project completion, whichever is earlier; 
(4) an estimated completion date at the pro-
jected funding levels; and 
(5) a current acquisition program baseline for 
each capital asset, as applicable, that— 
(A) includes the total acquisition cost of each 
asset, subdivided by fiscal year and including a detailed description of the purpose of the pro-posed funding levels for each fiscal year, includ-ing for each fiscal year funds requested for de-sign, pre-acquisition activities, production, structural modifications, missionization, post- delivery, and transition to operations costs; 
(B) includes a detailed project schedule 
through completion, subdivided by fiscal year, that details— 
(i) quantities planned for each fiscal year; 
and 
(ii) major acquisition and project events, in-
cluding development of operational require-ments, contracting actions, design reviews, pro-duction, delivery, test and evaluation, and tran-
sition to operations, including necessary train-ing, shore infrastructure, and logistics; 
(C) notes and explains any deviations in cost, 
performance parameters, schedule, or estimated date of completion from the original acquisition program baseline and the most recent baseline approved by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Acquisition Review Board, if applicable; 
(D) aligns the acquisition of each asset to mis-
sion requirements by defining existing capabili-ties of comparable legacy assets, identifying known capability gaps between such existing capabilities and stated mission requirements, and explaining how the acquisition of each asset will address such known capability gaps; 
(E) defines life-cycle costs for each asset and 
the date of the estimate on which such costs are based, including all associated costs of major ac-quisitions systems infrastructure and transition to operations, delineated by purpose and fiscal year for the projected service life of the asset; 
(F) includes the earned value management 
system summary schedule performance index and cost performance index for each asset, if ap-plicable; and 
(G) includes a phase-out and decommissioning 
schedule delineated by fiscal year for each exist-ing legacy asset that each asset is intended to replace or recapitalize: 
Provided further, That the Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall ensure that amounts specified in the future-years capital investment plan are consistent, to the maximum extent practicable, with proposed appropriations necessary to sup-port the programs, projects, and activities of the Coast Guard in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: Pro-vided further, That any inconsistencies between the capital investment plan and proposed appro-priations shall be identified and justified: Pro-vided further, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall not delay the submission of the capital investment plan re-ferred to by the preceding provisos: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall have no more than a single period of 10 consecutive business days to review the capital investment plan prior to sub-mission: Provided further, That the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives one day after the capital investment plan is sub-mitted to the Office of Management and Budget for review and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives when such review is completed: Provided further, That subsections (a) and (b) of section 6402 of Public Law 110–28 shall hereafter apply with respect to the amounts made available under this heading. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  
For necessary expenses for applied scientific 
research, development, test, and evaluation; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment; as authorized by law; $17,892,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Provided, That there may be cred-ited to and used for the purposes of this appro-priation funds received from State and local governments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses in-curred for research, development, testing, and 
evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  
For retired pay, including the payment of ob-
ligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appro-priations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection and Survivor Benefits Plans, payment for career sta-tus bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combat-re-lated special compensation under the National Defense Authorization Act, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their de-pendents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,450,626,000, to remain available until expended. 
U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the United States 
Secret Service, including purchase of not to ex-ceed 652 vehicles for police-type use for replace-ment only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; services of expert wit-nesses at such rates as may be determined by the Director of the United States Secret Service; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia, and fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control, as may be necessary to perform protective functions; pay-ment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees in cases in which a protective assign-ment on the actual day or days of the visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty; conduct of and participation in firearms matches; presentation of awards; travel of United States Secret Service employees on pro-tective missions without regard to the limita-tions on such expenditures in this or any other Act if approval is obtained in advance from the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives; research and de-velopment; grants to conduct behavioral re-search in support of protective research and op-erations; and payment in advance for commer-cial accommodations as may be necessary to per-form protective functions; $1,615,860,000; of which not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide tech-nical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement organizations in counterfeit inves-tigations; of which $2,366,000 shall be for foren-sic and related support of investigations of miss-ing and exploited children; of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to in-vestigations of missing and exploited children and shall remain available until September 30, 2016; and of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be for activities related to training in elec-tronic crimes investigations and forensics: Pro-vided, That $18,000,000 for protective travel shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Pro-vided further, That $4,500,000 for National Spe-cial Security Events shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further, That the United States Secret Service is authorized to ob-ligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training sponsored by the James J. Rowley Training Center, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources avail-able under this heading at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any employee for over-time in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security pur-poses: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the United States Secret Serv-ice by this Act or by previous appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1539 March 3, 2015 
Acts may be made available for the protection of 
the head of a Federal agency other than the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided fur-ther, That the Director of the United States Se-cret Service may enter into an agreement to pro-vide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the United States Secret Serv-ice by this Act or by previous appropriations 
Acts may be obligated for the purpose of open-ing a new permanent domestic or overseas office or location unless the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided further, That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the United States Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report providing evidence that the United States Secret Service has suffi-ciently reviewed its professional standards of conduct; and has issued new guidance and pro-cedures for the conduct of employees when en-gaged in overseas operations and protective mis-sions, consistent with the critical missions of, and the unique position of public trust occupied by, the United States Secret Service: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be withheld from obli-gation for Headquarters, Management and Ad-ministration until such report is submitted: Pro-vided further, That for purposes of section 503(b) of this Act, $15,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, may be transferred between Protection of Persons and Facilities and Domes-tic Field Operations. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for acquisition, con-
struction, repair, alteration, and improvement of physical and technological infrastructure, $49,935,000; of which $5,380,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2019, shall be for acqui-sition, construction, improvement, and mainte-nance of the James J. Rowley Training Center; and of which $44,555,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, shall be for Informa-tion Integration and Technology Trans-formation program execution. 
TITLE III 
PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, 
AND RECOVERY 
N
ATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  
DIRECTORATE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of the 
Under Secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate, support for operations, and information technology, $61,651,000: Pro-vided, That not to exceed $3,825 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses: Pro-vided further, That the President’s budget pro-posal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall be detailed by office, and by program, project, and activity level, for the National Pro-tection and Programs Directorate. 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION AND INFORMATION  
SECURITY  
For necessary expenses for infrastructure pro-
tection and information security programs and activities, as authorized by title II of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $1,188,679,000, of which $225,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided, That if, due to delays in contract actions, the National Protection and Programs Directorate will not fully obligate funds for Federal Net-work Security or for Network Security Deploy-ment program, project, and activities as pro-vided in the accompanying statement and sec-tion 548 of this Act, such funds may be applied to Next Generation Networks program, project, and activities, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  
The revenues and collections of security fees 
credited to this account shall be available until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased build-ings and for the operations of the Federal Pro-tective Service: Provided, That the Director of the Federal Protective Service shall submit at the time the President’s budget proposal for fis-cal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a stra-tegic human capital plan that aligns fee collec-tions to personnel requirements based on a cur-rent threat assessment. 
OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses for the Office of Bio-
metric Identity Management, as authorized by section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), $252,056,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $122,150,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
For necessary expenses of the Office of Health 
Affairs, $129,358,000; of which $26,148,000 is for salaries and expenses and $86,891,000 is for BioWatch operations: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $16,319,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for biosurveillance, chemical de-fense, medical and health planning and coordi-nation, and workforce health protection: Pro-vided further, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency, $934,396,000, includ-ing activities authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Cerro Grande Fire Assistance Act of 2000 (divi-sion C, title I, 114 Stat. 583), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.), sections 107 and 303 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404, 405), Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.), the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53), the Federal Fire Pre-vention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), the Post-Katrina Emergency Manage-ment Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295; 120 Stat. 1394), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insur-ance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 89): Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $35,180,000 shall be for the Urban Search and Rescue Response System, of which none is avail-able for Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy administrative costs: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $30,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for capital improvements and other expenses related to continuity of oper-ations at the Mount Weather Emergency Oper-ations Center: Provided further, That of the total amount made available, $3,400,000 shall be for the Office of National Capital Region Co-ordination: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not less than $4,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for expenses related to mod-ernization of automated systems. STATE AND LOCAL PROGRAMS  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, 
and other activities, $1,500,000,000, which shall be allocated as follows: 
(1) $467,000,000 shall be for the State Home-
land Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which not less than $55,000,000 shall be for Operation Stonegarden: Provided, That not-withstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2015, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this para-graph in accordance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. 
(2) $600,000,000 shall be for the Urban Area Se-
curity Initiative under section 2003 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which not less than $13,000,000 shall be for orga-nizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) de-termined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. 
(3) $100,000,000 shall be for Public Transpor-
tation Security Assistance, Railroad Security Assistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Security As-sistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1135, 1163, and 1182), of which not less than $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $3,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided, That such public transpor-tation security assistance shall be provided di-rectly to public transportation agencies. 
(4) $100,000,000 shall be for Port Security 
Grants in accordance with 46 U.S.C. 70107. 
(5) $233,000,000 shall be to sustain current op-
erations for training, exercises, technical assist-ance, and other programs, of which $162,991,000 shall be for training of State, local, and tribal emergency response providers: 
Provided, That for grants under paragraphs (1) 
through (4), applications for grants shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, that eligible applicants shall submit appli-cations not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an appli-cation: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 2008(a)(11) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(11)) or any other provi-sion of law, a grantee may not use more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available under this heading for expenses directly related to administration of the grant: Provided further, That for grants under paragraphs (1) and (2), the installation of communications towers is not considered construction of a building or other physical facility: Provided further, That grant-ees shall provide reports on their use of funds, as determined necessary by the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided further, That not-withstanding section 509 of this Act, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may use the funds provided in para-graph (5) to acquire real property for the pur-pose of establishing or appropriately extending the security buffer zones around Federal Emer-gency Management Agency training facilities. 
FIREFIGHTER ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
For grants for programs authorized by the 
Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), $680,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, of which $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 33 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229) and $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 34 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE GRANTS  
For emergency management performance 
grants, as authorized by the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1540 March 3, 2015 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-
gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), and Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $350,000,000. 
RADIOLOGICAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS  
PROGRAM  
The aggregate charges assessed during fiscal 
year 2015, as authorized in title III of the De-partments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts an-ticipated by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity necessary for its radiological emergency pre-paredness program for the next fiscal year: Pro-vided, That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such services, in-cluding administrative costs of collecting such fees: Provided further, That fees received under this heading shall be deposited in this account as offsetting collections and will become avail-able for authorized purposes on October 1, 2015, and remain available until expended. 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses of the United States 
Fire Administration and for other purposes, as authorized by the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), $44,000,000. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses in carrying out the 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,033,464,494, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $24,000,000 shall be transferred to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General for audits and investiga-tions related to disasters: Provided, That the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the following reports, includ-ing a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such re-ports: 
(1) an estimate of the following amounts shall 
be submitted for the budget year at the time that the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: 
(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; 
(C) the amount of obligations for non-cata-
strophic events for the budget year; 
(D) the amount of obligations for the budget 
year for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; 
(E) the total amount that has been previously 
obligated or will be required for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current year, the budget year, the budget year plus 1, the budget year plus 2, and the budget year plus 3 and beyond; 
(F) the amount of previously obligated funds 
that will be recovered for the budget year; 
(G) the amount that will be required for obli-
gations for emergencies, as described in section 102(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(1)), major disasters, as described in section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)), fire management assistance grants, as described in section 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187), surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and 
(H) the amount required for activities not cov-
ered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control 
Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii); Public Law 99–177); 
(2) an estimate or actual amounts, if avail-
able, of the following for the current fiscal year shall be submitted not later than the fifth day of each month, and shall be published by the Administrator on the Agency’s Web site not later than the fifth day of each month: 
(A) a summary of the amount of appropria-
tions made available by source, the transfers ex-ecuted, the previously allocated funds recov-ered, and the commitments, allocations, and ob-ligations made; 
(B) a table of disaster relief activity delineated 
by month, including— 
(i) the beginning and ending balances; (ii) the total obligations to include amounts 
obligated for fire assistance, emergencies, surge, and disaster support activities; 
(iii) the obligations for catastrophic events de-
lineated by event and by State; and 
(iv) the amount of previously obligated funds 
that are recovered; 
(C) a summary of allocations, obligations, and 
expenditures for catastrophic events delineated by event; 
(D) in addition, for a disaster declaration re-
lated to Hurricane Sandy, the cost of the fol-lowing categories of spending: public assistance, individual assistance, mitigation, administra-tive, operations, and any other relevant cat-egory (including emergency measures and dis-aster resources); and 
(E) the date on which funds appropriated will 
be exhausted: 
Provided further, That the Administrator shall 
publish on the Agency’s Web site not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) the specifics of the grant award: Provided further, That for any mission assign-ment or mission assignment task order to an-other Federal department or agency regarding a major disaster, not later than 5 days after the issuance of the mission assignment or task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State and the disaster declaration for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the disaster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obligated: Pro-vided further, That not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until the mission as-signment or task order is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $6,437,792,622 shall be for major disasters de-clared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further, That the amount in the preceding proviso is designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FLOOD HAZARD MAPPING AND RISK ANALYSIS  
PROGRAM  
For necessary expenses, including administra-
tive costs, under section 1360 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101), and under sections 100215, 100216, 100226, 100230, and 100246 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012, (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), $100,000,000, and such additional sums as may be provided by State and local gov-ernments or other political subdivisions for cost- shared mapping activities under section 1360(f)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  
For activities under the National Flood Insur-
ance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 
4001 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012 (subtitle A of title II of division F of Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Afford-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $179,294,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2016, and shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); which is available for salaries and expenses associated with flood miti-gation and flood insurance operations; and floodplain management and additional amounts for flood mapping: Provided, That of such amount, $23,759,000 shall be available for sala-ries and expenses associated with flood mitiga-tion and flood insurance operations and $155,535,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided fur-ther, That any additional fees collected pursu-ant to section 1308(d) of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as an offsetting collection to this ac-count, to be available for flood plain manage-ment and flood mapping: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2015, no funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of: 
(1) $136,000,000 for operating expenses; (2) $1,139,000,000 for commissions and taxes of 
agents; 
(3) such sums as are necessary for interest on 
Treasury borrowings; and 
(4) $150,000,000, which shall remain available 
until expended, for flood mitigation actions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwithstanding sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): 
Provided further, That the amounts collected 
under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protec-tion Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and section 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood In-surance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwith-standing section 102(f)(8), section 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided further, That total ad-ministrative costs shall not exceed 4 percent of the total appropriation: Provided further, That $5,000,000 is available to carry out section 24 of the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). 
NATIONAL PREDISASTER MITIGATION FUND  
For the predisaster mitigation grant program 
under section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), $25,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EMERGENCY FOOD AND SHELTER  
To carry out the emergency food and shelter 
program pursuant to title III of the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331 et seq.), $120,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That total administrative costs shall not exceed 3.5 percent of the total amount made available under this heading. 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, 
AND SERVICES 
U
NITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION  
SERVICES  
For necessary expenses for citizenship and im-
migration services, $124,435,000 for the E-Verify Program, as described in section 403(a) of the Il-legal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), to assist United States employers with maintaining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1541 March 3, 2015 
a legal workforce: Provided, That, notwith-
standing any other provision of law, funds oth-erwise made available to United States Citizen-ship and Immigration Services may be used to acquire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided further, That the Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize em-ployees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel between the employees’ residences and places of employment. 
F
EDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center, including mate-rials and support costs of Federal law enforce-ment basic training; the purchase of not to ex-ceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles; expenses for student athletic and related activities; the conduct of and participation in firearms matches and pres-entation of awards; public awareness and en-hancement of community support of law en-forcement training; room and board for student interns; a flat monthly reimbursement to em-ployees authorized to use personal mobile phones for official duties; and services as au-thorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; $230,497,000; of which up to $54,154,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; of which $300,000 shall remain available until expended to be dis-tributed to Federal law enforcement agencies for expenses incurred participating in training ac-creditation; and of which not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That the Center is author-ized to obligate funds in anticipation of reim-bursements from agencies receiving training sponsored by the Center, except that total obli-gations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further, That section 1202(a) of Public Law 107–206 (42 U.S.C. 3771 note), as amended under this heading in di-vision F of Public Law 113–76, is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: Provided further, That the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Train-ing Center shall schedule basic or advanced law enforcement training, or both, at all four train-ing facilities under the control of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center to ensure that such training facilities are operated at the highest capacity throughout the fiscal year: Provided further, That the Federal Law En-forcement Training Accreditation Board, includ-ing representatives from the Federal law en-forcement community and non-Federal accredi-tation experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforcement training accreditation process to continue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforce-ment training programs, facilities, and instruc-tors. 
ACQUISITIONS , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For acquisition of necessary additional real 
property and facilities, construction, and ongo-ing maintenance, facility improvements, and re-lated expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, $27,841,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Center is authorized to accept reimbursement to this appropriation from government agencies re-questing the construction of special use facili-ties. 
S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Science and Technology and for management and administration of pro-grams and activities, as authorized by title III of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), $129,993,000: Provided, That not to ex-ceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , ACQUISITION , AND 
OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for science and tech-
nology research, including advanced research projects, development, test and evaluation, ac-quisition, and operations as authorized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), and the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $973,915,000; of which $538,926,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017; and of which $434,989,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, solely for operation and construction of laboratory fa-cilities: Provided, That of the funds provided for the operation and construction of laboratory fa-cilities under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be for construction of the National Bio- and Agro- defense Facility. 
D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Domestic Nu-
clear Detection Office, as authorized by title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), for management and admin-istration of programs and activities, $37,339,000: Provided, That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for radiological and 
nuclear research, development, testing, evalua-tion, and operations, $197,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
SYSTEMS ACQUISITION  
For necessary expenses for the Domestic Nu-
clear Detection Office acquisition and deploy-ment of radiological detection systems in accord-ance with the global nuclear detection architec-ture, $72,603,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
TITLE V 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 502. Subject to the requirements of section 
503 of this Act, the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be transferred to appropriation ac-counts for such activities established pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the ap-plicable established accounts, and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. 
S
EC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by 
this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the De-partment of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies fund-ed by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
(1) creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, office, or ac-
tivity; 
(3) increases funds for any program, project, 
or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; 
(4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-
cific activity by either of the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate or the House of Rep-resentatives for a different purpose; or 
(5) contracts out any function or activity for 
which funding levels were requested for Federal full-time equivalents in the object classification tables contained in the fiscal year 2015 Budget 
Appendix for the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as modified by the report accompanying this Act, unless the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 
(b) None of the funds provided by this Act, 
provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that remain available for ob-ligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or proceeds available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that: 
(1) augments existing programs, projects, or 
activities; 
(2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any ex-
isting program, project, or activity; 
(3) reduces by 10 percent the numbers of per-
sonnel approved by the Congress; or 
(4) results from any general savings from a re-
duction in personnel that would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or activi-ties as approved by the Congress, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds. 
(c) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropria-
tion made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Security by this Act or provided by previous appropriations Acts may be transferred between such appro-priations, but no such appropriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be in-creased by more than 10 percent by such trans-fers: Provided, That any transfer under this sec-tion shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under subsection (b) and shall not be available for obligation unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in ad-vance of such transfer. 
(d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), and 
(c) of this section, no funds shall be repro-grammed within or transferred between appro-priations based upon an initial notification pro-vided after June 30, except in extraordinary cir-cumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property. 
(e) The notification thresholds and procedures 
set forth in this section shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided in previous Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Acts. 
S
EC. 504. The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity Working Capital Fund, established pursu-ant to section 403 of Public Law 103–356 (31 U.S.C. 501 note), shall continue operations as a permanent working capital fund for fiscal year 2015: Provided, That none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available to the De-partment of Homeland Security may be used to make payments to the Working Capital Fund, except for the activities and amounts allowed in the President’s fiscal year 2015 budget: Provided further, That funds provided to the Working Capital Fund shall be available for obligation until expended to carry out the purposes of the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That all departmental components shall be charged only for direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided further, That funds pro-
vided to the Working Capital Fund shall be used only for purposes consistent with the contrib-uting component: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives shall be notified of any activity added to or removed from the fund: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Offi-cer of the Department of Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1542 March 3, 2015 
shall submit a quarterly execution report with 
activity level detail, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter. 
S
EC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically pro-
vided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobli-gated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2015, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming request, but not later than June 30, 2016, from appro-priations for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2015 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2016, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided, That prior to the obli-gation of such funds, a request shall be sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for approval in accordance with section 503 of this Act. 
S
EC. 506. Funds made available by this Act for 
intelligence activities are deemed to be specifi-cally authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act authorizing intelligence ac-tivities for fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 507. (a) Except as provided in subsections 
(b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— 
(1) make or award a grant allocation, grant, 
contract, other transaction agreement, or task or delivery order on a Department of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $1,000,000; 
(2) award a task or delivery order requiring 
an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year Department of Homeland Security funds; 
(3) make a sole-source grant award; or (4) announce publicly the intention to make 
or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3) including a contract covered by the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation. 
(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security may 
waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives at least 3 full business days in advance of making an award or issuing a letter as described in that subsection. 
(c) If the Secretary of Homeland Security de-
termines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made with-out notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. 
(d) A notification under this section— (1) may not involve funds that are not avail-
able for obligation; and 
(2) shall include the amount of the award; the 
fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of contract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 
(e) The Administrator of the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency shall brief the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full business days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award under ‘‘State and Local Pro-grams’’. 
S
EC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, no agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforce-ment training without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of ad-ditional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommo-dated in existing Center facilities. 
S
EC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, repair, 
alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been ap-proved, except that necessary funds may be ex-pended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 
S
EC. 510. (a) Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110– 161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with re-spect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that Act. 
(b) The third proviso of section 537 of the De-
partment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114), shall not apply with re-spect to funds made available in this Act. 
S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used in contravention of the ap-plicable provisions of the Buy American Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to amend the oath of alle-giance required by section 337 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). 
S
EC. 513. Not later than 30 days after the last 
day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staffing report for that month that includes total obligations of the De-partment for that month for the fiscal year at the appropriation and program, project, and ac-tivity levels, by the source year of the appro-priation. Total obligations for staffing shall also be provided by subcategory of on-board and funded full-time equivalent staffing levels, re-spectively, and the report shall specify the num-ber of, and total obligations for, contract em-ployees for each office of the Department. 
S
EC. 514. Except as provided in section 44945 
of title 49, United States Code, funds appro-priated or transferred to Transportation Secu-rity Administration ‘‘Aviation Security’’, ‘‘Ad-ministration’’, and ‘‘Transportation Security Support’’ for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for the procurement or installation of explosives detection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to notifi-cation: Provided, That semiannual reports shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives on any funds that are recovered or deobligated. 
S
EC. 515. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of United States Citi-zenship and Immigration Services of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Contact Rep-resentatives, Investigative Assistants, or Immi-gration Services Officers. 
S
EC. 516. Any funds appropriated to ‘‘Coast 
Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Improve-ments’’ for fiscal years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 for the 110–123 foot patrol boat conver-sion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as the result of negotiation, mediation, or litigation, shall be available until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
S
EC. 517. The functions of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center instructor staff shall be classified as inherently governmental for the purpose of the Federal Activities Inven-tory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). 
S
EC. 518. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2015, to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fis-
cal year 2015. 
(b) The Inspector General shall review the re-
port required by subsection (a) to assess Depart-mental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2016. 
S
EC. 519. None of the funds provided by this or 
previous appropriations Acts shall be used to fund any position designated as a Principal Federal Official (or the successor thereto) for any Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) declared disasters or emergencies unless— 
(1) the responsibilities of the Principal Federal 
Official do not include operational functions re-lated to incident management, including coordi-nation of operations, and are consistent with the requirements of section 509(c) and sections 503(c)(3) and 503(c)(4)(A) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(c) and 313(c)(3) and 313(c)(4)(A)) and section 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143); 
(2) not later than 10 business days after the 
latter of the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security appoints the Principal Fed-eral Official and the date on which the Presi-dent issues a declaration under section 401 or section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5191, respectively), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a notification of the appointment of the Principal Federal Offi-cial and a description of the responsibilities of such Official and how such responsibilities are consistent with paragraph (1) to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate; and 
(3) not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide a report specifying timeframes and milestones regarding the update of operations, planning and policy documents, and training and exercise 
protocols, to ensure consistency with paragraph (1) of this section. 
S
EC. 520. None of the funds provided or other-
wise made available in this Act shall be avail-able to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452). 
S
EC. 521. Funds made available in this Act 
may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard na-tionwide, including civil engineering units, fa-cilities design and construction centers, mainte-nance and logistics commands, and the Coast Guard Academy, except that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce oper-ations within any Civil Engineering Unit unless specifically authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 522. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used by United States Citizen-ship and Immigration Services to grant an immi-gration benefit unless the results of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. 
S
EC. 523. Section 831 of the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Until Sep-
tember 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015,’’. 
S
EC. 524. The Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall require that all contracts of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that provide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition out-comes (which outcomes shall be specified in terms of cost, schedule, and performance). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1543 March 3, 2015 
SEC. 525. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to approve a waiver of the navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b) for the transpor-tation of crude oil distributed from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Home-land Security, after consultation with the Secre-taries of the Departments of Energy and Trans-portation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes adequate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels: Provided, That the Secretary shall no-tify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-in-spection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b). 
S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available in 
this Act for United States Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of section 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act: Provided, That this section shall apply only to individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescrip-tion drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Pro-vided further, That the prescription drug may not be— 
(1) a controlled substance, as defined in sec-
tion 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or 
(2) a biological product, as defined in section 
351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). 
S
EC. 527. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used to reduce the United States Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its government-employed or contract staff levels. 
S
EC. 528. The Secretary of Homeland Security, 
in consultation with the Secretary of the Treas-ury, shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Represent-atives of any proposed transfers of funds avail-able under section 9703.1(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the De-partment of Homeland Security: Provided, That none of the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives approve the proposed transfers. 
S
EC. 529. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used for planning, testing, pilot-ing, or developing a national identification card. 
S
EC. 530. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to conduct, or to implement the results of, a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for ac-tivities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documentation Center. 
S
EC. 531. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, except as provided in subsection (b), and 30 days after the date on which the President determines whether to declare a major disaster because of an event and any appeal is completed, the Administrator shall publish on the Web site of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency a report regarding that decision that shall summarize damage assessment infor-mation used to determine whether to declare a major disaster. 
(b) The Administrator may redact from a re-
port under subsection (a) any data that the Ad-ministrator determines would compromise na-tional security. 
(c) In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Ad-
ministrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency; and (2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). 
S
EC. 532. Any official that is required by this 
Act to report or to certify to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not delegate such author-ity to perform that act unless specifically au-thorized herein. 
S
EC. 533. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid 
Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a member 
of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at 
the United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
S
EC. 534. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in con-travention of sections 301–10.122 through 301– 10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 535. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to employ workers de-scribed in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). 
S
EC. 536. (a) Any company that collects or re-
tains personal information directly from any in-dividual who participates in the Registered Traveler or successor program of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall hereafter safeguard and dispose of such information in accordance with the requirements in— 
(1) the National Institute for Standards and 
Technology Special Publication 800–30, entitled ‘‘Risk Management Guide for Information Tech-nology Systems’’; 
(2) the National Institute for Standards and 
Technology Special Publication 800–53, Revision 3, entitled ‘‘Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organiza-tions’’; and 
(3) any supplemental standards established by 
the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’). 
(b) The airport authority or air carrier oper-
ator that sponsors the company under the Reg-istered Traveler program shall hereafter be known as the ‘‘Sponsoring Entity’’. 
(c) The Administrator shall hereafter require 
any company covered by subsection (a) to pro-vide, not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, to the Sponsoring Entity written certification that the procedures used by the company to safeguard and dispose of infor-mation are in compliance with the requirements under subsection (a). Such certification shall in-clude a description of the procedures used by the company to comply with such requirements. 
S
EC. 537. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Act, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for con-tractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 
S
EC. 538. In developing any process to screen 
aviation passengers and crews for transpor-tation or national security purposes, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall ensure that all such processes take into consideration such passengers’ and crews’ privacy and civil lib-erties consistent with applicable laws, regula-tions, and guidance. 
S
EC. 539. (a) Notwithstanding section 1356(n) 
of title 8, United States Code, of the funds de-posited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account, $10,000,000 may be allocated by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services in fiscal year 2015 for the purpose of providing an immigrant integration grants program. 
(b) None of the funds made available to 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Serv-ices for grants for immigrant integration may be 
used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
S
EC. 540. For an additional amount for the 
‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Manage-ment’’, $48,600,000, to remain available until ex-pended, for necessary expenses to plan, acquire, design, construct, renovate, remediate, equip, furnish, improve infrastructure, and occupy buildings and facilities for the department head-quarters consolidation project and associated mission support consolidation: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall receive an expenditure plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Act detailing the allocation of these funds. 
S
EC. 541. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Security to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regu-lation, unless such contract is otherwise author-ized by statute to be entered into without regard to the above referenced statutes. 
S
EC. 542. (a) For an additional amount for fi-
nancial systems modernization, $34,072,000 to re-main available until September 30, 2016. 
(b) Funds made available in subsection (a) for 
financial systems modernization may be trans-ferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
(c) No transfer described in subsection (b) 
shall occur until 15 days after the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
S
EC. 543. Notwithstanding the 10 percent limi-
tation contained in section 503(c) of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security may trans-fer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appropriations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Pro-vided, That the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 days in advance of such transfer. 
S
EC. 544. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, if the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that specific United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement Service Proc-essing Centers or other United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement owned detention facilities no longer meet the mission need, the Secretary is authorized to dispose of individual Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement owned detention facilities by directing the Ad-ministrator of General Services to sell all real and related personal property which support Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement owned detention facilities, subject to such terms and conditions as necessary to protect Govern-ment interests and meet program requirements: Provided, That the proceeds, net of the costs of sale incurred by the General Services Adminis-tration and United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, shall be deposited as offset-ting collections into a separate account that shall be available, subject to appropriation, until expended for other real property capital asset needs of existing United States Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement assets, excluding daily operations and maintenance costs, as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided further, That any sale or collocation of federally owned detention facilities shall not result in the main-tenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds: Provided further, That the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall be notified 15 days prior to the announcement of any proposed sale or col-location. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1544 March 3, 2015 
SEC. 545. The Commissioner of United States 
Customs and Border Protection and the Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security for United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall, with respect to fiscal years 2015, 2016, 
2017, and 2018, submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time that the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to the requirements of section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the information required in the multi-year investment and man-agement plans required, respectively, under the headings ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’ under title II of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74); ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Border Security Fencing, Infrastruc-ture, and Technology’’ under such title; and section 568 of such Act. 
S
EC. 546. The Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall ensure enforcement of all immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). 
S
EC. 547. (a) Of the amounts made available 
by this Act for ‘‘National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate, Infrastructure Protection and Information Security’’, $140,525,000 for the Federal Network Security program, project, and activity shall be used to deploy on Federal sys-tems technology to improve the information se-curity of agency information systems covered by section 3543(a) of title 44, United States Code: Provided, That funds made available under this section shall be used to assist and support Gov-ernment-wide and agency-specific efforts to pro-vide adequate, risk-based, and cost-effective cy-bersecurity to address escalating and rapidly evolving threats to information security, includ-ing the acquisition and operation of a contin-uous monitoring and diagnostics program, in collaboration with departments and agencies, that includes equipment, software, and Depart-ment of Homeland Security supplied services: Provided further, That continuous monitoring and diagnostics software procured by the funds made available by this section shall not transmit to the Department of Homeland Security any personally identifiable information or content of network communications of other agencies’ users: Provided further, That such software shall be installed, maintained, and operated in accordance with all applicable privacy laws and agency-specific policies regarding network con-tent. 
(b) Funds made available under this section 
may not be used to supplant funds provided for any such system within an agency budget. 
(c) Not later than July 1, 2015, the heads of all 
Federal agencies shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives expenditure plans for nec-essary cybersecurity improvements to address known vulnerabilities to information systems de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(d) Not later than October 1, 2015, and semi-
annually thereafter, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the exe-cution of the expenditure plan for that agency required by subsection (c): Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall summarize such execution reports and annually submit such summaries to Con-gress in conjunction with the annual progress report on implementation of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347), as required by section 3606 of title 44, United States Code. 
(e) This section shall not apply to the legisla-
tive and judicial branches of the Federal Gov-ernment and shall apply to all Federal agencies within the executive branch except for the De-partment of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence. 
S
EC. 548. (a) None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of 
pornography. 
(b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the 
use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
S
EC. 549. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used by a Federal law enforce-ment officer to facilitate the transfer of an oper-able firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
S
EC. 550. None of the funds provided in this or 
any other Act may be obligated to implement the National Preparedness Grant Program or any other successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
S
EC. 551. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to provide funding for the position of Public Advocate, or a successor posi-tion, within United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. 
S
EC. 552. (a) Section 559 of division F of Public 
Law 113–76 is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (f)(2)(B) is amended by adding 
at the end: ‘‘Such transfer shall not be required for personal property, including furniture, fix-tures, and equipment.’’; and 
(2) Subsection (e)(3)(b) is amended by insert-
ing after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the following: ‘‘and the salaries, training and benefits of indi-viduals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in performing law enforce-ment functions at ports of entry, including pri-mary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
(b) Section 560(g) of division D of Public Law 
113–6 is amended by inserting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the following: ‘‘and the salaries, training and benefits of individuals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in performing law enforcement functions at ports of entry, including primary and secondary proc-essing of passengers’’. 
(c) The Commissioner of United States Cus-
toms and Border Protection may modify a reim-bursable fee agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act to include costs specified in this section. 
S
EC. 553. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a sin-gle component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international conference un-less the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that de-termination: Provided, That for purposes of this section the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representatives of the United States Government and of foreign gov-ernments, international organizations, or non-governmental organizations. 
S
EC. 554. None of the funds made available in 
this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its participation in a National Special Security Event. 
S
EC. 555. With the exception of countries with 
preclearance facilities in service prior to 2013, none of the funds made available in this Act may be used for new United States Customs and Border Protection air preclearance agreements entering into force after February 1, 2014, un-less— 
(1) the Secretary of Homeland Security, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State, has certified to Congress that air preclearance oper-ations at the airport provide a homeland or na-tional security benefit to the United States; (2) United States passenger air carriers are 
not precluded from operating at existing preclearance locations; and 
(3) a United States passenger air carrier is op-
erating at all airports contemplated for estab-lishment of new air preclearance operations. 
S
EC. 556. None of the funds made available by 
this or any other Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Adminis-tration to implement, administer, or enforce, in abrogation of the responsibility described in sec-tion 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, any requirement that airport operators provide airport-financed staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration pro-vided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. 
S
EC. 557. In making grants under the heading 
‘‘Firefighter Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may grant waivers from the requirements in sub-sections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
S
EC. 558. (a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall not— 
(1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose any 
new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry; or 
(2) conduct any study relating to the imposi-
tion of a border crossing fee. 
(b) B
ORDER CROSSING FEEDEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is re-quired to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the Northern border at a land port of entry. 
S
EC. 559. The administrative law judge annu-
itants participating in the Senior Administrative Law Judge Program managed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management under sec-tion 3323 of title 5, United States Code, shall be available on a temporary reemployment basis to conduct arbitrations of disputes arising from de-livery of assistance under the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency Public Assistance Program. 
S
EC. 560. As authorized by section 601(b) of 
the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112– 42) fees collected from passengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursu-ant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until ex-pended. 
S
EC. 561. None of the funds appropriated by 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who prepare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress of the United States for programs under the juris-diction of the Appropriations Subcommittees on the Department of Homeland Security that as-sumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the sub-mission of the budget unless such budget sub-mission identifies which additional spending re-ductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of conference for the fiscal year 2016 appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 562. (a) The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall submit to the Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, beginning at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2017 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a comprehensive re-port on the purchase and usage of weapons, subdivided by weapon type. The report shall in-clude— 
(1) the quantity of weapons in inventory at 
the end of the preceding calendar year, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1545 March 3, 2015 
amount of weapons, subdivided by weapon type, 
included in the budget request for each relevant component or agency in the Department of Homeland Security; 
(2) a description of how such quantity and 
purchase aligns to each component or agency’s mission requirements for certification, qualifica-tion, training, and operations; and 
(3) details on all contracting practices applied 
by the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding comparative details regarding other con-tracting options with respect to cost and avail-ability. 
(b) The reports required by subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in an appropriate format in order to ensure the safety of law enforcement personnel. 
S
EC. 563. None of the funds made available by 
this Act shall be used for the environmental re-mediation of the Coast Guard’s LORAN support in Wildwood/Lower Township, New Jersey. 
S
EC. 564. None of the funds made available to 
the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any struc-tural pay reform that affects more than 100 full- time equivalent employee positions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security sub-mits to Congress a notification that includes— 
(1) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployee positions affected by such change; 
(2) funding required for such change for the 
current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; 
(3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alternatives 
to such change that were considered by the De-partment. 
S
EC. 565. (a) Any agency receiving funds made 
available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national inter-est. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report 
if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises homeland or national security; or 
(2) the report contains proprietary informa-
tion. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. 
S
EC. 566. Section 605 of division E of Public 
Law 110–161 (6 U.S.C. 1404) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 567. The Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency may transfer up to $95,000,000 in unobligated balances made available for the appropriations account for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Dis-aster Assistance Direct Loan Program’’ under section 2(a) of the Community Disaster Loan Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–88; 119 Stat. 2061) or under chapter 5 of title I of division B of the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law (110–329; 122 Stat. 3592) to the appropria-tions account for ‘‘Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’. Amounts transferred to such account under this section shall be available for any authorized purpose of such account. 
S
EC. 568. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, Gerardo Ismael Hernandez, a Transpor-tation Security Officer employed by the Trans-portation Security Administration who died as the direct result of an injury sustained in the line of duty on November 1, 2013, at the Los An-geles International Airport, shall be deemed to have been a public safety officer for the pur-poses of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Street Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.). S
EC. 569. The Office of Management and 
Budget and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall ensure the congressional budget jus-tifications accompanying the President’s budget proposal for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, include estimates of the number of unaccompanied alien children anticipated to be apprehended in the budget year and the number of agent or officer hours required to process, manage, and care for such children: Provided, That such materials shall also include estimates of all other associated costs for each relevant Departmental compo-nent, including but not limited to personnel; equipment; supplies; facilities; managerial, tech-nical, and advisory services; medical treatment; and all costs associated with transporting such children from one Departmental component to another or from a Departmental component to another Federal agency. 
S
EC. 570. Notwithstanding section 404 or 420 of 
the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 5187), until September 30, 2015, the President may pro-vide hazard mitigation assistance in accordance with such section 404 in any area in which as-sistance was provided under such section 420. 
S
EC. 571. That without regard to the limita-
tion as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to repro-gram within and transfer funds into ‘‘U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Salaries and Ex-penses’’ and ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Expenses’’ as nec-essary to ensure the care and transportation of unaccompanied alien children. 
S
EC. 572. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, State and Local Programs’’ in division F of Public Law 113–76 or division D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by recipients or sub-recipients for costs, or reim-bursement of costs, related to providing humani-tarian relief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were in-curred during the award period of performance. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 573. Of the funds appropriated to the De-
partment of Homeland Security, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be re-scinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pur-suant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): 
(1) $5,000,000 from unobligated prior year bal-
ances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Border Security, Fencing, Infrastructure, and Technology’’; 
(2) $8,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Air and Marine Operations’’ in division F of such Act; 
(3) $10,000,000 from unobligated prior year bal-
ances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Construction and Facilities Management’’; 
(4) $15,300,000 from ‘‘Transportation Security 
Administration, Aviation Security’’ account 70x0550; 
(5) $187,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Adminis-tration, Aviation Security’’; 
(6) $2,550,000 from Public Law 112–10 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(7) $12,095,000 from Public Law 112–74 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; (8) $16,349,000 from Public Law 113–6 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(9) $30,643,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(10) $24,000,000 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, National Predisaster Miti-gation Fund’’ account 70x0716; and 
(11) $16,627,000 from ‘‘Science and Tech-
nology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’ account 70x0800. 
(RESCISSION)  
SEC. 574. From the unobligated balances made 
available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by section 9703 of title 31, United States Code, (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), $175,000,000 shall be rescinded. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 575. Of the funds transferred to the De-
partment of Homeland Security when it was cre-ated in 2003, the following funds are hereby re-scinded from the following accounts and pro-grams in the specified amounts: 
(1) $1,317,018 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(2) $57,998 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, 
Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(3) $17,597 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency, Office of Domestic Preparedness’’; and 
(4) $82,926 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency, National Predisaster Mitigation Fund’’. 
S
EC. 576. The following unobligated balances 
made available to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to section 505 of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76) are rescinded: 
(1) $463,404 from ‘‘Office of the Secretary and 
Executive Management’’; 
(2) $47,023 from ‘‘Office of the Under Sec-
retary for Management’’; 
(3) $29,852 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Financial 
Officer’’; 
(4) $16,346 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Informa-
tion Officer’’; 
(5) $816,384 from ‘‘Analysis and Operations’’; (6) $158,931 from ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-
eral’’; 
(7) $635,153 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(8) $65,195 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Automation Modernization’’; 
(9) $96,177 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Air and Marine Operations’’; 
(10) $2,368,902 from ‘‘U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(11) $600,000 from ‘‘Transportation Security 
Administration, Federal Air Marshals’’; 
(12) $3,096,521 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Operating 
Expenses’’; 
(13) $208,654 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Reserve 
Training’’; 
(14) $1,722,319 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisi-
tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(15) $1,256,900 from ‘‘United States Secret 
Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(16) $107,432 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Management and Admin-istration’’; 
(17) $679,212 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Infrastructure Protection and Information Security’’; 
(18) $26,169 from ‘‘Office of Biometric Identity 
Management’’; 
(19) $37,201 from ‘‘Office of Health Affairs’’; (20) $818,184 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(21) $447,280 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, State and Local Programs’’; 
(22) $98,841 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, United States Fire Administra-tion’’; 
(23) $448,073 from ‘‘United States Citizenship 
and Immigration Services’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.012 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1546 March 3, 2015 
(24) $519,503 from ‘‘Federal Law Enforcement 
Training Center, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(25) $500,005 from ‘‘Science and Technology, 
Management and Administration’’; and 
(26) $68,910 from ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detection 
Office, Management and Administration’’. 
(RESCISSION)  
SEC. 577. Of the unobligated balances made 
available to ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’, $375,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further, That no amounts may be rescinded from the amounts that were designated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985. 
S
EC. 578. The explanatory statement regarding 
this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record, on or about January 13, 2015, by the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the alloca-tion of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015’’. 
Mr. SIMPSON (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the Senate amendment. 
Mr. MASSIE. I object. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. 
b1330 
Mr. MASSIE (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. 
MOTION TO RECEDE AND CONCUR  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
privileged motion under clause 4 of rule XXII at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Simpson moves that the House recede 
from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and concur therein. 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
lay the Senate amendment on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to table the Senate amendment. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 140, nays 278, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 108] 
YEAS—140 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones 
Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McClintock Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—278 
Adams 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy 
McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan 
Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Stefanik Stivers 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass 
Brady (TX) Davis, Danny Granger Hinojosa Johnson (GA) 
Long Meeks Roe (TN) Rush Smith (MO) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier 
b1405 
Mrs. CAPPS, Messrs. PITTS, 
EMMER of Minnesota, LUETKE-MEYER, WHITFIELD, BUCSHON, VALADAO, and OLSON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. MILLER of Florida, Mrs. 
HARTZLER, Mr. HARPER, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to table was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
108 I inadvertently voted ‘‘nay’’ when I in-tended to vote ‘‘yay’’. 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, this 
afternoon, Tuesday, March 3, 2015, I was de-tained in a meeting and unable to be present for the first recorded vote of the day. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll-call vote No. 108 (on the motion to table the Senate amendment to H.R. 240). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) and 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes on 
the motion. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I would 
inquire if both managers support the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman from New York opposed to the motion? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:29 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\H03MR5.REC H03MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1547 March 3, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. No, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman from Kentucky opposed? 
Mr. MASSIE. I am, yes. I am opposed 
to the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Idaho (Mr. S IMPSON ), the 
gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky (Mr. M ASSIE ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today with a motion that will 
move us forward to ensure the security of our Nation by keeping the Depart-ment of Homeland Security funded until the end of the fiscal year. 
Funding for the Department of 
Homeland Security will expire this week. To allow a shutdown of these critical functions would be an abdica-tion of one of our primary duties as Members of Congress. 
It is the constitutional duty of this 
body to provide funding for the Federal Government, all of the Federal Govern-ment, and this should be without the threat of shutdowns or the lurching un-certainty of continuing resolutions. 
The House acted in January to fund 
DHS for the year and has extended short-term funding several times in order to maintain the critical security activities that keep our Nation safe. The Senate has now done all it can do, given their unique procedural con-straints. 
It is clear that the legislation before 
us, while not exactly what the House wanted, is the only path forward to avoid a potentially devastating shut-down and to provide stable, continuous funding for the agencies and programs tasked with defending the home turf. 
Let us remember that the underlying 
legislation—and this is important—is a great bill. The security of our home-land is one of our highest priorities, and this bill provides $39.7 billion for that purpose. It will assure that we can defend our Nation against threats of terrorism and that the men and women on our front line remain well-equipped and trained. 
We are now nearly halfway into the 
fiscal year, and it is imperative that we get this bill enacted. At the same time, Congress must continue to fight the President’s executive actions on immi-gration that I do not support and the American people do not support. We must continue this vote, but we must also allow funding for critical security functions to move forward. 
These two priorities are not mutu-
ally exclusive. We can and should do both. For now, the President’s execu-tive actions have been stopped in court. This is where we must focus our efforts and continue to battle against this unconstitutional overreach. 
Mr. Speaker, it is high time to act to 
provide responsible, adequate funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to protect the people who elected us and to defend this great Nation. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I support 
the motion to recede and concur and reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I am op-
posed to the motion to recede and con-cur. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ). 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, ladies 
and gentlemen, I have to tell you that the only reason we are here is because of the unique procedural posture that the Senate finds itself in, and that unique posture is a perversion of the democratic principles upon which our Republic was based. 
We would not be here if it weren’t for 
the modern filibuster and cloture rule which requires 60 votes to do anything. Last week, H
ARRY REIDmade it clear 
that he would not support going to con-
ference. 
Jefferson was very clear when he set 
up the procedures for this place. Each House makes an independent decision, then you get together in conference and work out your differences; but, be-cause of the unique position of the Sen-ate’s processes, that cannot happen in these circumstances. 
We should not reward the Senate for 
their bad behavior. We should reject this motion and force a new discussion on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit that all we are 
doing is rewarding the Senate for hav-ing bad rules and bad process. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, I hear 
that we just need to let the courts work their will to defend the Constitu-tion, as if we don’t have an inde-pendent obligation to do that. We took the oath that we would support it. We didn’t say we would be in Congress, pass bills, and let the courts support and defend the Constitution. 
Here is the problem, though, beyond 
just that basic insight. If I were rep-resenting the Department of Justice in front of the fifth circuit to try to get this injunction overturned, the first sentence in my brief would be that the United States Congress has voted, knowing this program was in existence, to fully fund all operations. Courts, you should step out of this dispute. It is between the political branches, and they have settled it. 
It is not just waiting for the courts. 
In fact, the action today, if this bill were to pass, I believe it would actu-ally harm the case in the courts, and I think it makes it more difficult for those States to make the case that what the President did was unconstitu-tional if the one branch whose powers were invaded decided that they were not going to bite back effectively. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ). 
Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, I think 
this is a very, very sad day when we have to make a Hobson’s choice of ei-
ther funding our national security or standing for the Constitution. 
We actually took an oath just a few 
short weeks ago to defend this Con-stitution from all enemies, foreign and domestic. That is our role; that is our responsibility. If not now, then when? It is never going to be easy. It is never going to be easy. It has never been easy to stand up for freedom. 
I have heard some people say: Well, 
you Republicans, you just need to learn how to govern. If it was just about gov-erning, then I think that the American people can just close shop and let the President just run everything, but we actually have a Constitution that we have to adhere to. 
b1415 
Despots all over the world, they gov-
ern. They keep the trains running on time. 
But we stand for something different. 
We stand for a constitutional republic, where we have three coequal branches that all have an equal say. The Found-ing Fathers gave us a tool to deal with a time just like this. It is called the power of the purse. If we relegate that responsibility and dropkick it to the courts, as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) just said, then they 
have nothing else than to assume that we just basically folded to the pressure. 
I believe this is a sad day for Amer-
ica. I believe America deserves better. If we are not going to fight now, when are we going to fight? 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the privileged resolu-tion and encourage my colleagues to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 240 in order to pass the fiscal year 2015 Department of Homeland Security 
Appropriations bill. 
It is time for us to move forward and 
demonstrate our true capacity to gov-ern to the American people and to those tasked with the arduous work of defending our borders, protecting our communities, and manning the front lines when confronted by natural disas-ters or acts of terrorism. 
I had the distinct privilege and pleas-
ure of working on the underlying ap-propriations bill as a member of the House Homeland Security Appropria-tions Subcommittee, and I can assure my colleagues that this is a good bill. It is a darn good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. Among the bill’s many highlights, it would support the largest oper-ational force of Border Patrol agents and CBP officers in history. 
If you are concerned about illegal im-
migration, vote for this bill. It fully funds E-Verify. If you are concerned about illegal immigration and interior enforcement, vote for this bill. It pro-vides an increase of almost $700 million for Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, 34,000 detention beds, and an in-crease in family detention beds by 3,732 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.022 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1548 March 3, 2015 
beds. Again, if you are worried about 
illegal immigration, vote for this bill. 
It fully funds FEMA’s disaster relief 
programs and the first responder grant programs that are critical to so many State and local departments. It takes important steps toward implementa-tion of a biometric entry and exit data system, which is critical to maintain-ing interior enforcement in this coun-try. The bill helps us thwart cyber at-tacks, and, of course, it helps maintain our Coast Guard. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the House 
to move past the corrosive pattern of self-imposed cliffs and shutdowns and get to the work that the American peo-ple expect us to address—issues like tax reform, trade, transportation and infrastructure, things that are going to help create American jobs and improve our economy. It is time to move for-ward and stop playing these silly games. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. DENT. At these times of global 
uncertainty and brutal acts of ter-rorism, it is imperative that we main-tain persistent vigilance against the numerous threats facing our homeland. 
Again, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this bill. It is the right bill. It is a bill that we supported last summer with strong overwhelming support on both sides of the aisle. It deserves that same kind of support here today. 
Let’s prove to the American people 
that we are serious about protecting this homeland and that we have the ca-pacity to govern. These cliffs are disas-trous for all of us. It is time to move on. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ). 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, this is America. Everybody matters in America. I grew up with somebody who seemed to have bad luck from day one. Where I seemed to catch breaks, he could get none. And recently, mid- last year, because of a move, he needed to find a job. He went months without finding full-time employment, never got benefits, never got the stability that he looked for for him and his wife. And I love him very much. 
When the President made his edict, 
he called me on the phone. He said: C
URT, I don’t understand what y’all are 
doing in Washington. I want to know if what is going on right now is going to help me get a job or not. 
And I said: Unfortunately, you have 
got a lot of new competitors in the labor force. 
I say, this is America, and everybody 
matters. I say, the unemployed folks, the 18 million underemployed and un-employed, they haven’t been a part of this conversation like they needed to be. I say that unilateral actions by a leader who doesn’t take all stake-holders into account makes those that 
aren’t taken into account not matter. I say we need to have this conversation again. 
This is America. Everybody matters, 
not just those that came over the bor-der legally but those that have been here looking for jobs for long periods of time. I say we can do better. I say we can have a broader conversation. I say everybody matters. 
You all know these people that are 
unemployed. They are in your family. They are your close friends. They are the people you see every day doing the jobs that some of us wouldn’t want to do. I say, those people matter. 
I say, Mr. President, before you do a 
cram-down of the law for the benefit of one group of our society, I say all the other groups in this society, particu-larly the unemployed, also matter. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last week, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) said, Why 
are we here? She got all upset. 
Let me tell you why we are here: be-
cause the President of the United States violated the constitutional sep-aration of powers. Regardless of how you feel about immigration or immi-gration reform or even amnesty, surely you believe in the United States Con-stitution that you swore an oath to. Surely you believe in this institution that we are debating in today. 
He said 22 times that he did not have 
the power to unilaterally make law or change the law, yet that is, in fact, what he did. That is why this debate is so important today. It really has noth-ing to do with DHS funding, amnesty, or immigration. That is the vehicle that we are using, sure. But it has ev-erything to do with the United States Constitution and the sacred separation of powers that says the executive branch executes the laws. We make the law in this Chamber. We are the only ones to have the constitutional author-ity to do that. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
ORDAN ). 
Mr. JORDAN. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, remember why we are 
here: 22 times the President said he couldn’t do what he turned around and did, something legal scholars have said is unconstitutional; more importantly, something a Federal judge has said is wrong. 
Six weeks ago, we sent a bill to the 
United States Senate to fund DHS at the levels the Democrats agreed to. We just said, don’t have any money be used for something unconstitutional and that the Federal judge ruled was wrong. For 6 weeks, they said, we can’t bring the bill up. We can’t debate it, amend it, pass it. And then at the last hour, at the eleventh hour on the last 
day, they bring it up, debate it, amend it, and send it back—without the lan-guage stopping the unconstitutional activity and something the only court to rule on it has said is wrong. 
This is unconstitutional. We all know 
it. This is the wrong way to go. 
Fund DHS. Don’t let this wrong ac-
tion the President took in November— something he said he couldn’t do— don’t let it stand. 
But more importantly, or as impor-
tantly as, the unconstitutional nature is the unfair nature of the action. It is unfair to taxpayers that illegal, non-citizens are going to be able to get tax refunds. 
It is unfair to seniors that illegal 
noncitizens are going to be able to par-ticipate in our Social Security system. 
It is unfair to voters, as our Sec-
retary of State testified, that now they will have the documents that will po-tentially make it much easier for 4 to 5 million people to participate in our election process. 
And most importantly, Mr. Speaker, 
it is unfair to legal immigrants who did it the right way, who followed the law, who came here and want to be a part of this great country, the greatest Nation of the world, as we just heard Prime Minister Netanyahu talking about how great this country is—it is unfair to legal immigrants. 
Mr. Speaker, this is unconstitution-
ally wrong. Most importantly, it is un-fair. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 11
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Mr. MASSIE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. C
OLE). 
Mr. COLE. I thank the gentleman for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I share the outrage of 
my friends over the President’s actions because I don’t think there is any ques-tion that is why we are here. The Presi-dent did something that most of us, I think, on our side of the aisle believe was unconstitutional, illegal, and ill- advised. 
Secondly, I share my friend’s anger 
at the United States Senate. I think it is reprehensible not to pick up a bill and act on it, not to go to conference. That is exactly the way we are de-signed to work. We know that, frankly, the Democratic now minority, thank-fully, in the Senate has operated that way for 4 years. I am not surprised, having operated that way in the major-ity, that they continue to operate that way in the minority. 
But every now and then, you need to 
take a step back and recognize we are not the only place where these issues get thrashed out, and we are not the only players in this drama. 
Indeed, we have been very fortunate 
on our side of this debate. We have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.023 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1549 March 3, 2015 
been joined by 26 State attorneys gen-
eral who hold exactly the same view that we do and have taken the Presi-dent of the United States and the ad-ministration to court and have pre-vailed in the first court case, as my friends have pointed out. In addition, they have won an injunction so that the President cannot do the very things my friends are concerned about that he wants to do. 
So we not only have the court, at 
least to this point, on our side, but we have it in a venue where you actually can win in the end. 
We are not likely to be able to do 
that in the Congress, given the Demo-cratic control of the filibuster in the other body and the Presidential veto at the end of the process. In the courts, you can actually win. It is a constitu-tional issue. It ought to be settled con-stitutionally through a judicial proc-ess. 
Since we have stopped the President, 
since we are prevailing in court, it seems to me the logical thing to do is what the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT) suggested and look at a bi-
partisan compromise bill that protects the American people from real and physical harm and danger at the mo-ment that we are sorting out our con-stitutional political differences in the appropriate format. That is all this bill is about. It was agreed to in a bipar-
tisan fashion. It was agreed to in a bi-cameral fashion. The reasons why we were concerned about it or used it have now been addressed by the courts. 
So I would urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle, let’s set aside our differences. They are going to be resolved in the appropriate way, in the appropriate fashion, and in the right forum. And let’s do the right thing for the American people, pass this legisla-tion, and make sure that our fellow citizens stay secure. 
Mrs. LOWEY. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 1 minute to the distin-guished gentleman from South Caro-lina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
think the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania who spoke earlier was absolutely right. The people back home want us to do things. So I think the important thing to do now is to find out, why aren’t we able to do anything? And I lay the blame firmly at the feet of the seven Democrats in the Senate who have said to their voters, they thought what the President did was wrong, yet they have voted time and again to con-tinue the filibuster. That is wrong. And those are the people who are pre-venting the country from moving for-
ward. 
Beyond that, to the extent those 
seven Senate Democrats continue to want to abuse the rules, it is incum-bent upon our conservative Republican colleagues in the Senate to change the rules. 
Conservative Republicans, Mr. 
Speaker, who have been very quick to try to tell the House what to do should 
now be over there right now making the case that if the Senate Democrats are going to use a rule to undermine the Constitution, then the rule needs to change. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, last De-
cember, we were told that the best way to approach the matter—despite some of us thinking to the contrary—was to fund everything but DHS. We were told, This is the play. 
Well, some of us were afraid that if 
we did that, that we would come to this point and totally cave and would allow at least a congressional state-ment that we are not going to take ac-tion to defund illegal, unconstitutional amnesty. 
So I stand with those veterans who 
believe that they should get health care before people who came illegally, that they should get a hotline to call before those who came illegally. I stand with the seniors who believe they deserve the Social Security they paid into, rather than people who have come illegally and are even going to get tax refunds, when they didn’t put any taxes in. 
b1430 
I stand with the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives—at least where he was last week. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ). 
Mr. GARRETT. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, the issue before us 
today is, in fact, security. As a Member of Congress from the Fifth Congres-sional District of New Jersey, my con-stituents in New Jersey, like most Americans, understand the devastating impact of a lack of security in certain areas. We live in the shadow of the Twin Towers and understand when se-curity is not a paramount interest of this government. But with that said, an equal responsibility of this Congress and this government is to the security as being a nation of laws and abiding by the fundamental law of this coun-try, which is the Constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, we can achieve both of 
those: be a secure nation by funding Homeland Security, which this House has done twice now, and we can also become a nation by following the rule of law and following the Constitution which this body has done twice now by sending full funding of Homeland Secu-rity to the Senate and simply asking them to do what all Americans want Washington to do today—conference on these issues, discuss these issues, and come to a resolution where the Con-stitution is upheld, the rule of law is upheld, and homeland security is upheld as well. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. I thank my friend. 
Mr. Speaker, constitutional attorney 
Jonathan Turley once said that, since Roosevelt, we have made the executive branch stronger and stronger and stronger. But they have actually had a dance partner, and that is us—that is us, the legislative branch, both the House and the Senate. 
Mr. Speaker, when are we going to 
stand up for the rule of law? How do I go back to Arizona where they defy the rule of law, where we allow anybody to pass go, collect $200, and go to the front of the line? How do we accom-plish that without standing up for something? This is that time. This is the time to stand up and not leave ev-erything to the courts. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman from Kentucky ready to close? 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
more speakers. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is recognized. 
Mr. MASSIE. At this time, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Ala-bama (Mr. P
ALMER ). 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, there 
was a comment about this is about governing. It really is. It is about gov-erning constitutionally. We are no longer three separate but equal branches of government. The abuse of the executive order has diminished Congress, and the abuse of the Senate rules has diminished this House. We are now reduced to passing what the Senate will allow us to pass, and the Senate is reduced to passing what the President will not veto. 
This is about the Constitution. We 
have 3 more days in which we can con-sider legislation that upholds the rule of law and that restores the balance of powers. We should take those 3 days. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a day 
that we will remember for the rest of our lives. The country is looking to us right now to make a decision whether or not we will uphold our oath of office. I call upon every Member of this House to be an oath keeper. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. L
ABRADOR ). 
Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Kentucky. 
This fight today is not about immi-
gration. This fight today is about the separation of powers. Any person who votes for this deal today is voting to cede some of our power to the Execu-tive. Any person who votes for this deal today is voting to allow the Presi-dent to make decisions like this on taxation, on EPA, and on any other agency that this President decides that he has the executive authority to take over the powers of the Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, today we all sat here, 
and I think every Republican stood up when Bibi Netanyahu talked about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.024 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1550 March 3, 2015 
leadership. When he talked about what 
it was important for a leader to do, he said that we are being told that the only alternative to this bad deal— speaking about the deal on Iran—is war. That is just not true. The alter-native to this bad deal is just a better deal. Every one of our Republicans stood up when he said that. 
But today we are being told by our 
leadership that the only alternative to this bad deal is a government shut-down. That is not true. The alternative to this bad deal today is a better deal. It is to force the Senate to actually go to conference so both the House and the Senate can speak the will of the American people. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT). 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I think ev-
eryone in this body knows what it means to run for office. We each rep-resent 700,000 people, and we each take that job very seriously. So it is a sad day today. Everybody in this body has fought very hard to try to come to agreement. Unfortunately, Members in the other body have not allowed us to do that. The fault lies in the U.S. Sen-ate. 
We have asked and we have trusted 
our leadership to come up with a strong fight, strong messaging, what-ever we can do to solve this constitu-tional problem for the last 2 months, and at the last minute of the day, the Senate has delayed, delayed, and de-layed. So what is really going on is they are not standing up and rep-resenting their people at home. We in this body owe it to the American peo-ple to represent their views, and the Senate will not even allow a vote to bring up a debate. 
Mr. Speaker, I implore everyone back 
at home and in my district and across the country to ask your kids; ask your ninth graders, your college kids, ask everybody. It is fairly simple. The Con-gress and the Senate have to work to-gether. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the 
gentleman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. BRAT. I think the truth in ethics 
is often pretty easy to see. Go to your kids. Go to your ninth graders in high school civics class and ask them how these bodies are supposed to operate. Ask them to investigate. 
I think when our kids go home and 
investigate and we investigate what has been going on in the last few months, they will find the answer, and that is that the Senate will not do its job in representing their people. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, 
thank you to my friend from Ken-tucky. 
All right, for my friends on the left, 
you are going to support this unconsti-tutional expansion of power. When there is a Republican President, are 
you going to sit there and continue to applaud, saying, ‘‘Yes, we did not sup-port the separation of powers when we had the chance’’ and look the other way? 
One of my heartbreaks here is I be-
lieve there were creative things we could have done, but we are completely dearth of the willingness to try. 
Mr. Speaker, this is about trying to 
defend the U.S. Constitution that we all raised our hands to uphold, and yet are we going to allow a vote to go for-ward to walk away from that fight? 
This should break everyone’s heart in 
this body. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 3
1⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. MASSIE. I yield 1 minute to the 
distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
look around this body. What are we asking to do? We are asking to fund DHS 100 percent. We are asking to put safeguards in there so that we don’t move with an executive order that has been deemed illegal by a Federal judge. That is all we are asking. And we need to have that language in this bill. 
I don’t know anybody in here who 
doesn’t want to fund DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, for us to vote for this 
without that funding or without that language in there blocking what this President wants to do, and if we vote for that, we are voting against our Constitution. Article I, section 8 is very clear that we have the authority for naturalization, and I say we vote against funding without that safe-guard. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICE). 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, as we all know, we are in this predicament and in this mess because of the unconstitutional and unilateral decisions from the President to ignore our Constitution, and the only thing standing in the way of that progressing is a stay from the courts. As thankful as I am for the courts, the reality is we must stand up and defend our Constitu-tion. It is a constitutional issue, Mr. Speaker, and we have the responsi-bility to stand for that cause. 
This is not a time to watch this body 
be obstructed from multiple attempts to make it dysfunctional. It is a con-stitutional issue. This is a time to stand upon the Constitution, and I urge this body to do so. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MASSIE. What order is the clos-
ing when there are three speakers and only one opposed? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will recognize Members in re-verse order of opening speeches. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
We have no other speakers, and we 
are prepared to close. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky will be first to close. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire as to how much time is remain-ing? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 1
1⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, in closing, 
the Congress and, in particular, the House of Representatives has the power of the purse. Our Constitution gives this power to the legislative branch, not the executive branch. This means that the President cannot fund his ille-gal executive actions on immigration unless we, the House of Representa-tives, let him. 
If today we agree to just give the 
President all the taxpayer funds he wants so that he can implement his il-legal actions, why should the American people ever trust us again? They will realize that all our bluster about bor-der security is just that, bluster. They will realize that we don’t actually care about the best interests of the Amer-ican people and that, instead, we just care about going along to get along, even if that means going along with the unconstitutional and illegal ac-tions of the executive branch. 
Today we heard Mr. Netanyahu say 
this is the most powerful legislative or-ganization in the world. I would say it is—except for when the Senate decides that it is not. We need to stand up, use the power of the purse, and exercise our constitutional duty to fund only legal and constitutional activities. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote today in the best interests of the American people. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I support 
the motion to recede and concur, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, thank 
you for the spirited debate we have had, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with many of 
the comments made by my colleague from Kentucky and the people that have spoken during his time. The prob-lem is I don’t see a path to victory with what they are looking at. What they want to do will not result in defunding the President’s actions, be-cause there is no funding in this bill for the President’s actions. There is no funding in this bill for the President’s actions. Everybody knows that, don’t we? What it will lead to is a closedown of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. And that is not a victory. That is dangerous. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.026 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1551 March 3, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, there is a difference of 
opinion between the Republicans and Democrats and between the adminis-tration and Congress as to whether the actions that the President made were constitutional or not. 
I have actually voted for something 
in this body several years ago that I thought was perfectly legal and per-fectly constitutional. The court later found out it was unconstitutional and told us it was unconstitutional. That is why you have a court. When there are differences of opinion as to what is con-stitutional and what is not constitu-tional, a court makes that determina-tion. It has happened since the Found-ers who wrote our Constitution dis-agreed about what they had written— Marbury v. Madison. It was up to the courts to make the determination of what the Constitution said. 
As for voting for this hurting our 
case—it is not our case; it is the Attor-ney General’s case of the States—that is before the courts currently, if this voting to defund Homeland Security that doesn’t have any funding for the President’s action hurts our case, then I would say that any law that passes Congress can’t be declared unconstitu-tional because we all voted for it. That is not reality. Again, let the courts do their job. 
Now, it is true that a majority in this 
Congress and in the Senate voted to 
defund the President’s actions, but be-cause of the Senate rules, it didn’t pass. 
b1445 
We didn’t even get to go to con-
ference because of the Senate rules. Some people suggest maybe we ought to change the Senate rules. We ought to insist that the Senate change their rules. 
For the last 4, 8 years, I was kind of 
glad the Senate rules were the way they were. They prevented what I be-lieved to be a lot of bad stuff from com-ing over here from the Senate. 
I don’t know that I would go that 
way because, remember, at some point in time in history—I hope it is not soon—but at some point in time in his-tory, my party is going to be in the mi-nority over there, and it is going to be nice to be able to control some of the agenda. 
Let’s remember, the underlying bill 
is a darn good bill, and we need to pass it, and we need to pass it for the secu-rity of the American people, and for the employees that work at the De-partment of Homeland Security, so that those that are considered essen-tial don’t have to go to work without pay. That is irresponsible. That is us not doing our job. 
I will fight with anyone, and I will 
stand on their side—as long as they can show me a path to potential victory. Let’s get this bill passed. It is a good bill. I encourage all my colleagues to vote for this. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. I request a recorded 
vote—the yeas and nays—on the pre-vious question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman asking for the yeas and the nays on ordering the previous ques-tion? 
Mr. MASSIE. I withdraw that re-
quest. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The re-
quest is withdrawn. 
The previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion offered 
by the gentleman from Idaho. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 257, nays 167, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 109] 
YEAS—257 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem 
Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IN) 
NAYS—167 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McClintock McKinley Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry 
Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Bass 
Garamendi Hinojosa Long 
Meeks Roe (TN) Rush 
Smith (MO) Speier 
b1514 
Messrs. BUCSHON and BRADY of 
Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.028 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1552 March 3, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recede and concur 
in the Senate amendment to H.R. 240 was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
No. 109 I am a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I could not return from a White House meeting in time to meet the rollcall. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote because of a serious illness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 108—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 109—‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES 
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
honor on behalf of a lot of colleagues who can’t be here right now and on be-half of our colleagues who are going to speak to talk about the budget of the United States Federal Government. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon 
after our legislative business for the day because it is the concern of many of us—and perhaps it is the concern of all of us who ran for office, who got elected, who honorably serve in this body—to say—to make sure, perhaps— that our priorities are in order. 
And, Mr. Speaker, if you simply look 
at any number of ‘‘debt clocks’’ that run on all kinds of different Web sites, including one that continues live in my office, you see perhaps—I hope it is clear to you, Mr. Speaker—that our priorities are not in order. We are over $18 trillion in debt as I take the micro-phone right now. 
Mr. Speaker, that is not the half of 
it. Over the next several decades we are scheduled to have over $100 trillion in debt. And that is not acceptable. In fact, I can’t think of too many things that are more immoral than the present-day majority, than our present-day citizens leaving this bur-den to future citizens, people who do not yet exist. Talk about taxation without representation. But that is what we are faced with. That is what 
we do every day around here when our budget is not in balance and our prior-ities remain out of order. 
To be clear, Mr. Speaker, we are able 
to get to this point, as very few other countries are, because of the fact we are the world’s reserve currency, be-cause of the fact that we continue to be able to print money, and because of the fact that, despite all our problems, when compared in a relative fashion to all the other countries of the world, we simply aren’t as bad yet. But over time, that can very easily change, Mr. Speaker. 
The solution to this isn’t all that 
complicated. We have to stop spending more than we take in. We have to keep growing our economy. We have to sim-plify our Tax Code so that it can actu-ally generate more revenue than it is doing right now. Of course, we have to reform what is driving the debt, and that is our spending. That is what the Republicans—in this Chamber, at least—are trying to achieve. We are trying to put our priorities back in bal-ance. 
Washington doesn’t have a revenue 
problem, Mr. Speaker; Washington has a spending problem. In terms of rev-enue, we take in over $2 trillion a year—and these are rough figures—but we spend generally over $3 trillion. That is simply not sustainable. That simply can’t go on if we are to have any credibility on this issue and if we are going to remain a strong country, best of nations in the 21st century, and continue to win. 
So the House Budget Committee, and 
specifically the Republicans on the House Budget Committee, are about getting our priorities in order. And frankly, to our credit, for the last 4 years, Mr. Speaker, we have done just that. 
Every year since 2010, we have pro-
posed balanced budgets that, if fol-lowed, would have led us on a path to prosperity, would have made it clear that we are best of class in the world again and the best investment going. All we had to do is take the steps out-lined in that budget and it would have become so. 
This year, we are going to try again. 
We are going to balance this budget. We are going to have a markup in a week or so. We are going to propose and present ideas to the American pub-lic. Most of these ideas they have seen before over the last 4 years. There may be some new ones. We are still writing our budget. We are still taking input from Members and non-Members alike. 
But one thing the American people 
can count on: it will be an honest budg-et, it will be credible, it will balance, and it will fulfill the promise we ex-plicitly and implicitly made over and again to future generations that their generation will be better off than the 
generation before it. Isn’t that what we are all about? Isn’t that what we are supposed to be about? 
But as I speak with you here today, 
the facts tell a different story. In fact, the current generation is the first one 
in American history that is destined and will, by any objective measure, leave the next one worse off. It has never happened before in American his-tory. It is happening now. 
I know several of us on the Budget 
Committee refuse to let that happen on our watch, and so we come to you to-night with several ideas. 
I want to first recognize a very good 
friend of mine, a professional who came from the private sector and practiced accounting as a certified public ac-countant for over 25 years. He has added tremendous value to all the work we are doing on the Budget Committee. Aside from budget issues, he is a tre-mendous asset to nearly every issue that is debated on the floor of the House. I yield the floor, Mr. Speaker, to my good friend, Congressman R
ICE 
of South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. South Carolina thanks you. 
What an honor it is to stand here be-
fore this group to talk about the Fed-eral budget. These were a couple of slides that were actually handed out to the Budget Committee that illustrate very wonderfully the challenge that we face. 
The total revenue for the Federal 
Government for fiscal year 2014 is $3.02 trillion, most of it from individual in-come taxes. And then social insurance is the payroll taxes we pay for Social Security and Medicare, and then we have the spending. You can compare the two. 
Revenues are $3.02 trillion. Spending 
is $3.5 trillion. Our deficit is half a tril-lion dollars, roughly, projected this year. That sounds terrible. Of course, 3 years ago, just before I was elected to Congress, it was a $1.4 trillion deficit. So it has, in fact, been cut well down. It is about 40 percent of what it was. And I will take all the credit for that. 
Actually, it has come down dramati-
cally. But we are still on an unsustainable path, and it is projected to rise, largely because of demo-graphics. The baby boomers are retir-ing, and the need for social insurance is going to rise in the coming decades. It will overwhelm us if we do not prepare for it. 
Republicans, Democrats, the Con-
gressional Budget Office, the Office of Management and Budget, and any known economist will tell you that if we don’t deal with this issue, it will overwhelm us. We are on an unsustainable path. We are piling bil-lions and billions of dollars in debt on our children and our grandchildren every year. 
Right now, we stand at $18 trillion in 
debt. On our current path, I believe the number $25 trillion is what they are projecting at the end of 10 years if we don’t do something to deal with it. 
If you look at the spending, you can 
see the red areas are what they call en-titlement spending or mandatory spending, Social Security being the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.030 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1553 March 3, 2015 
biggest part of that, and Medicare, 
Medicaid. Then interest on the debt is here at $229 billion a year. And then other mandatory, which would be un-employment, welfare; the ObamaCare insurance subsidies will be in that. You can see that red area is about two- thirds of our total spending of $3.5 tril-lion. 
b1530 
The blue area is what they call dis-
cretionary spending. Discretionary spending is the only part that Congress has a play or a say in every year. If you break that down further, the discre-tionary spending, defense is this part here in dark blue that is about half of it, and nondefense discretionary is the remainder. 
Nondefense discretionary is the thing 
most people think of as government; the FBI, the CIA, the White House, the Department of the Interior, Park Serv-ice, EPA, Army Corps of Engineers, all these things are in nondefense discre-tionary. People think: Well, gosh, we should cut the Department of Edu-cation, we should cut the EPA. 
Well, that is great. If you cut every 
dime of nondefense discretionary spending out of the budget, every cent of it, we would still have a deficit. If you eliminated every part other than defense, we would still have a deficit, so you see how severe the problem is. 
Another thing people don’t under-
stand is, because of the sequester, de-fense and nondefense discretionary 
have been whittled down over the last several years; and, in fact, nondefense discretionary spending is below 2008 levels right now. 
It is as low as it has been since Presi-
dent Barack Obama has been in office because of the sequester spending. De-fense spending has been cut to the bone. It is below levels that the Pen-tagon is telling us are necessary to maintain our readiness in this troubled world. 
Now, there is always waste, and there 
is always further room to cut. The point of all that is, with these things having been whittled as low as they have, it is very obvious that we will not be able to handle our budget prob-lems. 
We will never be able to reach a bal-
anced budget unless we deal with this area in red, what is called mandatory spending, the entitlement programs. There is no way to fix this problem without dealing with those. 
Now, you say: Well, why don’t we 
just raise taxes? Right now, we are taking in, I believe it is, about 17 per-cent of our gross domestic product in tax revenues. It is more money in real dollars than this government has ever received. 
We are getting more revenue than we 
ever have, and it is a higher percentage of our gross domestic product than has been received on average over the last 40 years. We are already at a higher level of revenue. Revenue is not the problem. The problem is that spending is out of control. For the last 3 years, the House Com-
mittee on the Budget has issued its own budget. It has been called the Ryan budget. It has been called the House Committee on the Budget budg-et. It has been called the Path to Pros-perity. That budget takes reasonable steps to balance the budget over a 10- year period. 
Now, the President issued his own 
budget this year. The way this is sup-posed to work is the President is sup-posed to issue his budget by the end of January. This is the first time since he has been in office that he has actually done that. We actually got it on time. 
The House is supposed to issue its 
budget, I think it is, about March 15th. It goes over to the Senate; they do their version. The House and the Sen-ate conference, and then we send it to the President. 
For the first time since the President 
has been in office, we are on track to actually have a budget. It is an amaz-ing fact to me that, since President Barack Obama has been in office, we have not had a budget. 
You can’t run your household with-
out a budget, you can’t run a bakery without a budget, and here we are, try-ing to run the most complex institu-tion on Earth without a budget. It is not just a lack of long-term planning; it is a lack of even planning for the current year. You have to have a budg-et. 
Anyway, we are on track to have a 
budget. The House Committee on the Budget has put one out for the last 3 years. The President has issued his budget now. The House Committee on the Budget’s budget over the last 3 years would have balanced in 10 years. 
I anticipate we will do the same 
thing this year. We will put forth a budget that has reasonable adjust-ments and balances in 10 years and stops piling mounds of debt on our chil-dren and our grandchildren. 
The President’s budget, on the other 
hand, increases spending from $3.5 tril-lion a year to a little over $4 trillion a year. It adds $2 trillion in taxes over the next 10 years, and it never bal-ances, ever. It continues to pile debt on our children and grandchildren. The House Committee on the Budget’s 
budget doesn’t raise taxes, and it does balance in 10 years. 
This is the projection by the Congres-
sional Budget Office—nonpartisan, not Democrat, not Republican—of the path that we are currently on. The cutoff of the blue area there is where we are today. 
You can see with the demographics 
and with the burden that we are going to be placing on our social safety net and our entitlement programs—Social Security and Medicare—right now, where we are, if you look back in his-tory—this goes back to 1941—never in the history of the United States has the debt as a percentage of our gross domestic product been as high as it is right now. 
The debt is about 70 percent of our 
gross domestic product, the debt held by the public. The only other time that 
it was this high was in World War II. 
We can adopt changes. We have time. 
We can adopt some modifications to bring this back under control; but, if we do not, you can see the mush-rooming effect of the additional debt, interest rates climbing, the interest that we pay on our debt rising, the ef-fect of the entitlement programs, run-ning our debt to over 100 percent of our gross domestic product, which will make it difficult for us to recover from. 
Mr. ROKITA. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Yes, sir. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman, 
and I thank the gentleman for showing not only Members of Congress, but the American people, this chart that you have right there. I think you are hit-ting the nail on the head. This is ex-actly the problem. 
If I could just add a few things to it? Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I wish 
you would. 
Mr. ROKITA. Well, if you go back to 
World War II, the gentleman rightly points out, Mr. Speaker, you see that our debt level crescendoed, obviously as a result of that war. 
What is different about that period in 
our history from our current situation is the fact that, as the gentleman knows, World War II, one way or the other, was going to be a one-time event. 
Thankfully, because of this country’s 
courage and the men and women who served for our country, it ended the right way. As a result, the event ended, and we immediately began paying down our debt. 
Some might say: Well, we have been 
there before. What is different this time? Why can’t we solve the problem this time? 
Well, we can solve the problem be-
cause, number one, we are Americans, but what makes the situation different, Mr. Speaker, and what the gentleman alludes to is what is driving our debt. 
What drove the debt in World War II, 
again, was a one-time event. What is driving the debt now is not scheduled to end, has no end really in sight, un-less we reform the programs that are driving it. That is one of the things that is strikingly different in terms of the current path we are on from where we have been before, and that is why we have to arrest what is driving the debt, and that is our social entitlement programs. 
There is also another difference be-
tween now and World War II, and it is exemplified in this chart that I have, and that is who owns our debt. Of course, back in World War II, the gen-tleman will remember the bond posters that you could see all over the country, where we asked our private citizens to finance the war. 
Now, as you can see from this chart, 
the people we are asking to finance our debt not only are our own citizens but—increasingly and alarmingly more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.032 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1554 March 3, 2015 
so—other countries, who by the very 
definition of being other nations don’t have our best interests top of mind. 
That makes this a very different sit-
uation as well. We are increasingly, over time, becoming beholden to other countries to finance our spending prob-lem. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to continue 
yielding to the gentleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I thank 
the gentleman for his remarks. 
Mr. R
OKITA , were you aware that by 
the year 2030, according to CBO’s pro-jections, that our spending just on So-cial Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and our interest, just those four things will take up the entire revenue of the United States Government, leaving nothing for other mandatory programs, like welfare, like unemployment, like food stamps, like all those things? 
It will also leave nothing for other 
discretionary spending like the FBI, like the Park Service, like border secu-rity, and like the CIA; but even more importantly, it will leave nothing for defense, nothing for the Army, the Navy, the Coast Guard, nothing to buy the first bullet. 
By 2030, just those four programs— 
Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and the interest on our debt—will take up every dime that the United States Government brings in if we don’t change something. 
Now, the President’s budget adds $2 
trillion in taxes, but it adds even more than that in spending. What does he spend the money on? It is a lot of addi-tional programs. He adds a little bit to defense, he adds a little bit across the board to other discretionary, but he throws in a lot of other programs—for example, his proposal to pay for com-munity college, which is a nice idea, a wonderful idea—but the problem is that we can’t pay for the promises we have made already. 
Mr. Speaker, shouldn’t we, before we 
make new promises, find a way to pay for the promises that we have already made? 
The President’s budget, in addition 
to more taxes, more spending, and more government programs, it is just another big growth of government, which we have seen over and over again during this administration. From Dodd-Frank to ObamaCare and other things, you have seen a huge explosion in government. 
Now, what has the effect of that 
been? The President loves to say, Mr. Speaker, that he is for the middle class, but I want to show you an inter-esting graph. 
This blue line here going down is the 
median household income in the United States. This is the middle class that the President is always saying he is for. You can see from 2008—when he took office—until today, that blue line has gone down 8.7 percent. 
Median household income in the 
country has dropped 8.7 percent—more government programs, bigger govern-ment, more intrusion on government in 
your life, more intrusion of govern-ment in our national economy—and you can see the stifling effect that it has on our economy. 
I think we had 2 percent growth last 
quarter. Here we are, 7 years after the Great Recession. We should have had a huge snapback. All we are doing is muddling along, trying to swallow this giant addition of Big Government that is being created. Middle class income is down 8.7 percent. 
Look at this, Mr. Speaker. This pur-
ple line here represents the consumer price index for medical care. Over that same time, it is up over 10 percent. This red line represents the consumer price index for gasoline, which is now turning down, but it is still above where the President took office. 
This green line is the consumer price 
index for food and beverages because, you see, gasoline and heating oil and electricity all go into the cost of food. You have to fertilize it, you have to prepare the seed, you have to transport it. All those things go into the cost of food. 
So, you see, food has gone up 20 per-
cent, gasoline has gone up 10 percent, health care has gone up 15 percent—all these additional costs on the middle class. 
b1545 
At the same time, the median house-
hold income has dropped by 8.7 percent. When the President gets up and talks about how the stock market is doing and how the economy has recovered, I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, you can look at this chart and very easily see why the average middle class family doesn’t feel it. They don’t agree with it. 
The President’s proposed budget, by 
adding more taxes and more govern-ment programs, will do nothing but ex-acerbate this problem, the middle class squeeze. We are going to squeeze the middle class until there is nothing left. I cringe when the President says he is for the middle class. Don’t listen to what he says; look at what he is doing. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe in the House 
Budget Committee’s budget that bal-ances in 10 years, that makes respon-sible adjustments to our social safety net, that makes responsible adjust-ments to our discretionary programs, and that brings our budget into bal-ance in 10 years. 
When I came to Congress, I thought 
our debt was the biggest problem we faced. I no longer believe that. I know we can handle it. I have been through the budget committee. All we have to do is start now to make responsible ad-justments. The longer we wait, the more difficult it becomes. 
My tenure in Congress is and will 
continue to be focused on American competitiveness. I think we have given away a lot of our competitive edge to the rest of the world. I think, if we de-cide we want to compete, that nobody can stop us. The only people stopping us is us. We have tied a noose of tax and regu-
lation around our own neck, and we are running our businesses and our jobs overseas. That is my focus. We cannot fix this problem with our budget unless we have growth, and the way to in-crease growth is to increase our com-petitive status in the world. 
This is a list of things created by a 
Harvard economist and a good friend named Michael Porter. He has been to Congress more than once. He has talked to over 100 Congressmen about how to make this country more com-petitive. 
These are eight items. One of them 
is—in fact, the most important one is to create a sustainable Federal budget because you see, my friends, without a sustainable budget—now, you remem-ber, the Office of Management and Budget that works for the White House says we are on an unsustainable course. Congressional Budget Office, we are on an unsustainable course. 
Step number one to make this coun-
try competitive and to bring jobs back to this country: create a responsible Federal budget. I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, that the President’s budget fails miserably in that regard. Just as his policies are failing the middle class miserably, this budget will make us less competitive in the world. 
Second, it says simplify the cor-
porate Tax Code. Simplify and stream-line regulation. The House budget as-sumes many of these things that make this country more competitive in adopting its budget. 
Mr. ROKITA. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
again. The gentleman hits the nail right on the head. Middle class eco-nomics is a term, and it is just that. 
Watch what the President does to see 
how he affects the middle class. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Not 
what he says. 
Mr. ROKITA. Not what he says, ex-
actly right. 
I also want to draw your attention, 
Mr. Speaker, to what the gentleman said on his poster board there about the eighth point, create a sustainable Federal budget, and the gentleman talked very articulately about the need for that. 
It seems obvious, quite frankly, I 
would think, to every American family that must do this inside the walls of their own dwellings, but for some rea-son, it escapes the Federal Govern-ment. 
I draw the House’s attention, the 
Speaker’s attention, to the wording that appears after that comma. It says, ‘‘including entitlement reform’’—‘‘cre-ate a sustainable budget, including en-titlement reform.’’ We touched on this a little bit earlier in the hour that we have. 
At this point, I am worried, Mr. 
Speaker, that some who are watching this discussion may think: Well, wait a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.034 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1555 March 3, 2015 
minute. Wait a minute. I put my hard- 
earned money into these programs, being Medicare and Social Security, primarily, every 2 weeks or whenever my paycheck comes, and I see the gov-ernment taking out a lot, and that is my money. That is my property. What is Congress thinking? What are these two gentleman from South Carolina and Indiana and others who are going to speak here in a minute saying when they said entitlement reform? I put in; therefore, I should get out. 
I want to take just a minute to ad-
dress that because, of course, in a very real sense, that is what every working American has done. In another equally real and more important sense, we haven’t. We haven’t, and that is what is driving our debt. 
Now, the gentleman had a pie graph 
up earlier that easily showed—and he will put it back up—the fact that most of our spending at the Federal Govern-ment level is on programs that are on autopilot. Right? 
We, as Congressmen, can’t vote on 
these priorities through the budget mechanism itself. We have to affect the underlying law. That is to say Con-gressman R
ICE and Congressman 
ROKITA don’t get to determine, through 
the budget process, year after year, what someone’s Social Security check is going to be, what Medicare services people are going to get or not get. That is not done necessarily through the budget. 
We talked about the need to reform 
those programs in the budget docu-ment, but it is not done through the budget language only. You have to re-form that underlying law. Two-thirds of our budget, again, as the chart shows, is on autopilot. It goes year after year after year and gets worse after worse, and that is what is driving our debt. 
Now, to my point about have we paid 
for those programs or not, this is a chart that describes the average Amer-ican working couple. This is a Medi-care example, so this is not Social Se-curity. This is Medicare. 
It shows that a couple making a com-
bined $71,500 a year, on average, over a lifetime, has put in roughly about 30 percent of what they are taking out of Medicare. 
Let me say that again. They are put-
ting in 30 percent. We are putting in, the average American couple, putting in 30 percent of what we are going to take out of Medicare. The rest, Mr. Speaker, goes on the deck, and that is the crux of the problem. 
If you go to the second set of bars, 
you see that the problem only gets worse, as a percentage of the amount we are putting in is only going to go down. That is what makes this a moral situation, a moral case that we are making the children of tomorrow pay, so that we can have more on our plate now, quite frankly. 
It is just not Medicare. Social Secu-
rity is in a much better position than this, but it is on the same trend. It is not just our health care and our social 
entitlement programs. It is the high-way trust fund, for example, which I hope we address, not only in our budget document, but throughout this Con-gress. To date, the President hasn’t done that. So that is really the prob-lem here. 
I yield briefly back to my good friend 
from South Carolina, Congressman R
ICE, and then move swiftly to Mr. 
WOMACK from the great State of Ar-
kansas. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. In clos-
ing, my friend, I just wanted to point out what the House Budget Committee does to bring the budget within balance within 10 years, and it is not all this but three major things. 
One, it repeals ObamaCare, which 
costs $2.1 trillion over the next 10 years. 
Two, it initiates what is called pre-
mium support for Medicare, what you are just talking about, and it doesn’t do away with Medicare, and it doesn’t affect anybody who is either retired or retiring within 8 years. 
What it does for people that are out-
side that window, Medicare is still of-fered, and they will allow four other in-surance companies to bid for Medicare coverage. 
The government won’t pay for the 
cheapest; it will pay for the second cheapest. If you want to buy a cheaper policy, you can, but it brings private industry in it. If you want to buy a cheaper policy, you can, and you will get money. 
If you want to buy a more expensive 
policy, you can, and you will have to pay a little bit more for it. That is a huge savings in Medicare and some-thing that we have to do. 
So premium support for Medicare, re-
peal ObamaCare, and, third, it doesn’t cut discretionary spending, defense and nondefense, but it slows the growth a little. Those three things go 80 percent of the way to bringing our budget with-in balance within 10 years. 
Let me tell you, my friends, we don’t 
have a choice. We are piling debt on our children and grandchildren. CBO, OMB, they will all tell you, Social Se-curity trust fund, it will be broke in 2030 or thereabouts. Medicare trust fund will be broke in 2030 or there-abouts. 
You know the problem with Federal 
trust funds? They are not funded, and you can’t trust them. Other than that, they are great. 
Mr. R
OKITA , I appreciate you allow-
ing me to participate in this. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman 
for his leadership. 
The gentleman is exactly right. If we 
act now, no one who is on or near to be on any of these programs has to be af-fected. We can easily take care of the promises that were made and that these folks, again, who are on these programs or near to be on these pro-grams have rightly relied on, and that is because we are still the world’s re-serve currency. We are not Greece. If we make these reforms now, we are 
talking about the reforms affecting folks a generation ago, those in my age bracket or younger, who would have time to prepare for the new situation. 
People who are having kids today, 
who will live probably past 100, they will have the time, under a new pro-gram that reflects the realities of liv-ing in the 21st century and, frankly, how long we live in the 21st century. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ), a good 
friend of mine, the former mayor of Rogers, Arkansas, a decorated military officer who is also a great friend and a great leader in this Congress. 
Mr. WOMACK. I thank the gen-
tleman, first of all, for his great leader-ship on this subject. 
The gentleman from the Hoosier 
State and I came in together. Back in 2010, we were elected to this Congress, and I can’t speak necessarily for the gentleman, I can only speak for myself, but I would almost bet that my friend from Indiana would agree that we came up here to tackle the Nation’s biggest problems. 
Mr. Speaker, the Framers of our 
country were visionaries. They got it right on the formation of the country and the established government that guides our every decision. They not only had the foresight to establish con-stitutional principles and processes that addressed the challenges of the day, but that sustain and guide our Na-tion now 2
1⁄4centuries later. 
What you have just heard in the last 
few minutes, and I have been witness to the presentation made by my friend from South Carolina, with commentary from the gentleman from Indiana, I am going to present many of the same ar-guments in the time that I have before you today because I think they are worth repeating, and my chart may show it a little bit differently. 
Mr. Speaker, I came to the Congress 
and was immediately placed on the Ap-propriations Committee. As a member of that committee, one of my jobs is to look after the discretionary piece of the Federal budget. As has already been mentioned, the discretionary piece of the Federal budget is getting squeezed. 
There was a time in the not too dis-
tant past that discretionary spending was the largest share of spending and, as was mentioned by my friend from South Carolina, things that you recog-nize your Federal Government for. He articulated a number of those. 
When you look at this particular 
chart, this end of the chart would rep-resent 1962. The other end of the chart is just about 3 years from now, in 2018, you can see—in case you have trouble seeing, let me just go through the color coding here. 
The purple at the top is the amount 
of money that we have to pay, year in and year out, to service our debt. Those of you at home, Mr. Speaker, that have a credit card bill that comes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.035 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1556 March 3, 2015 
in every month, there will be a cat-
egory there or a block there that says minimum payment due. 
The minimum payment is usually the 
reflection of interest due on that ac-count and not necessarily a reduction in the principle amount owed. That is exactly what this purple is. That is the minimum payment due, year and in and year out, that we have to make in order to satisfy the creditors, the peo-ple that have given money to this country, loaned money to this country for governmental purposes. 
b1600 
As you can see, Mr. Speaker, this 
chart shows that that area in purple has grown through the years. It tight-ened up a little bit back a few years ago. But now, if you look at that last piece of it, from right here, you will notice that it is taking a dip. And if we extended that chart out for many more years, it gets progressively worse. 
The next color is red, and that is the 
reflection of mandatory spending, talked about by the gentleman before me, that constitutes how much money we have to spend year in and year out to pay for the programs that people all across this country are entitled to. The biggest driver of the long-term con-sequences of mandatory spending would be Medicare. There are many charts that will show you the glide path Medicare is on. 
Mr. Speaker, something happened 
last night at midnight that affects the ongoing cost of that piece of manda-tory spending. That is, 11,000 people celebrated a birthday as we rolled into the new day; 11,000 people aged into that program. Now, Mr. Speaker, to-night at midnight, something else is going to happen that is going to influ-ence the growth of that area in red; and that is, another 11,000 people, or thereabouts, are going to age into this program that they automatically qual-ify for when they turn 65. Thankfully, more and more people are living well beyond 65, and I am glad for that. 
If you look at that red, coupled with 
the purple, you can see that since 1962, it has commanded a much larger share 
of Federal spending, and it is putting a tremendous squeeze on the programs that people like me, as an appropri-ator, have to work with to fund the other essential forms of government. 
In fact, I have a lot of people say to 
me when I go home: You know, Mr. W
OMACK , you are an appropriator. You 
are in charge of all this spending. You ought to be able, with your vote and with your leadership on that com-mittee, you ought to be able to see that the books of the Federal Govern-ment are balanced. 
But, Mr. Speaker, if you look at the 
last two colors—the green, which is nondefense spending, and the blue, which represents defense discretionary spending—these two colors have gotten smaller and smaller and smaller, so small now that they represent about a third of our spending. And you do the math. Mr. SANFORD. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. WOMACK. I would be happy to 
yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. SANFORD. I thank the gen-
tleman from Arkansas for raising what I think is such a fundamental point with regard to government spending. It really raises the crossroads I think that we are at as a society. Because in my mind, I keep going out to about 2025, which you well illustrate on that chart. And at that point, we are only going to have enough money for inter-est and entitlements and nothing else, without either raising taxes substan-tially, cutting benefits substantially, or running very large deficits going forward. And ultimately, there comes a point of no return, as you correctly point out with your charts, wherein the world financial markets won’t lend you anymore. 
So I think you are on to a remark-
ably important theme, and I think it underscores the degree to which we are going to have an important debate in this Chamber in really the next month because what the President has essen-tially said is that I am not going to deal with this. 
If you look fundamentally at the 
White House budget, at the core, it abandons this notion of financial dis-cipline. I mean, it adds $2.2 trillion of new taxes. It adds $8.5 trillion of new debt. It goes from running structural $500 billion deficits to $1.1 trillion defi-cits, with no end in sight to the deficits that continue to grow. 
So this theme that you are getting 
on with regard to the mandatory com-ponent and the interest component of government spending I don’t think can be underscored enough. And I don’t want to interrupt you, but it just hit me as you were talking. 
Mr. WOMACK. Well, I am glad the 
gentleman did interrupt. 
And to carry our colloquy just a lit-
tle bit further, the gentleman from South Carolina is a former Governor of South Carolina, so he has had some ex-perience dealing with balanced budgets and having to live within your means, as a former chief executive of a State, one of the 50 States in our country. So you have a great appreciation for how important it is to be able to craft budg-ets that live within your means and ad-dress the major drivers of what could be deficit spending at the State level. 
Mr. SANFORD. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. WOMACK. I would be happy to. Mr. SANFORD. Just on that point, 
though, it is so interesting that ulti-mately it is not just about balancing budgets, because I think that a lot of people from across this country look at the carrying on and the going on of Congress, and they say, You know, it is about green eye shades, and it is about trying to balance some numbers. No. It is about sustaining this Republic. 
Admiral Mike Mullen, when asked, 
What is the biggest threat to the American society? he didn’t answer 
‘‘China,’’ he didn’t answer ‘‘Russia.’’ His answer was: The biggest threat to the American way of life is the na-tional debt. 
If you were to look at a whole host of 
different folks across recent history—I mean, Paul Kennedy wrote I think an excellent book entitled ‘‘The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers,’’ and its premise was that economic supremacy was the precursor to military suprem-acy, for a civilization to be able to con-tinue to project force. 
I think it is so interesting that the 
Prime Minister of Israel was here ear-lier today. We heard Prime Minister Netanyahu lay out his concerns with regards to some things happening in the Middle East. But America’s varia-bility, whether it is in engaging with an ally like Israel or whether it is en-gaging in a whole host of other con-flicts that are innumerable and guaran-teed across the next 25 years or so, our ability to impact those things will be driven, frankly, by these economic numbers. 
I think it has been maligned, but 
Reinhart and Rogoff, a professor from 
the University of Maryland and a pro-fessor from Harvard, wrote a book enti-tled, ‘‘This Time Is Different.’’ They chronicled 800 years of financial his-tory, and there have been some ques-tions about how they got to some of their numbers. But the larger premise was in that title, ‘‘This Time is Dif-ferent.’’ 
What you are pointing out is that, 
no, it is never different; math always works. And there is something funda-mental about our civilization’s need for not just a balanced budget for balanced budget’s sake but to be able to sustain our ability to project power and main-tain a way of life that we love, I think, that is underlined in these very charts that you are showing. 
Mr. WOMACK. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Reclaiming my time, I just want to 
say, before I go to my next chart, that this isn’t an option for us, to allow this to continue on this path without the interaction of this Congress and solu-tions offered by this Congress, many of which are going to be big deals because 
when you get this far along into a problem, the solutions to the problem get much larger. They are going to re-quire a lot more political courage. But we have to address it because if we don’t, in just a few years beyond the 2018 timeframe that this chart shows, there will be no money left for the items that you see in green and blue. 
And let me hasten to remind you 
that the items in blue are national de-fense. 
Mr. SANFORD. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. WOMACK. I yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. SANFORD. On that point, I love 
keeping strange jotted notes in my of-fice. 
Again, the number that you are get-
ting at—because you are now touching 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.036 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1557 March 3, 2015 
on national defense—you know, 
Habsburg defaulted on all or part of its debt 14 times between 1557 and 1696. Pre-revolutionary France saw 62 per-cent of its royal revenue going to inter-est payments alone. Britain, between World War I and World War II, saw in-terest payments climb to 44 percent of the British budget. In the Ottoman Empire, interest payments and amorti-zation rose from 15 percent of its budg-et in 1860 to 50 percent in 1875. 
In other words, this music has been 
played before with disastrous con-sequences, and that is why I think it is relevant. 
Keynes actually quoted Lenin, of all 
folks, and Lenin’s quote was this: ‘‘There is no subtler, no surer means of overturning the existing basis of soci-ety than to debauch the currency. The process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose.’’ 
What you are laying out with the 
chart which you so appropriately lay before the Congress is the very formula that Lenin, himself, was talking about in things that will challenge not only defense but the way in which a govern-ment sustains itself. 
Mr. WOMACK. I appreciate the gen-
tleman’s perspective. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to show 
you this one. 
I was fortunate to get elected in 2010 
by a significant majority of the people in the Third District of Arkansas. I consider that area of our State to be the most dynamic in all of our State. It has got a lot going for it. It has got great jobs, great health care, wonderful educational institutions, effective gov-ernments, the University of Arkansas Razorbacks. I mean, there are a lot of great things you can say about the area that I represent. And it is dif-ferent than a lot of places around our country, I will submit to that. 
While I made a promise to the people 
that elected me, the biggest promise that I made, the one that I hold closest to my heart and the promise that drives all of the decisions that I make, particularly to my friends that have joined me here in the Chamber today regarding budgets, deficits, debt, long- term spending, and those kinds of things, are the promises I made to these two young men right here. This is Liam. He is 8. And that is Kaden. Kaden is not even 2 yet. They are cous-ins. These are my grandkids. 
When I look into the eyes of these 
two precious little boys, I see the inno-cence of youth, but I also see some-thing that they can’t see. I see a tre-mendous burden that is growing every day, every week, every year that these two kids have had nothing to do in cre-ating, and that is a mountain of debt and interest payments for borrowed money that go as far as the eye can see. 
Mr. SANFORD. Will the gentleman 
yield on that point? 
Mr. WOMACK. I will. Mr. SANFORD. Again, I think you 
are capturing, in essence, the totality of this debate because there is a guy up at the University of Boston called Lau-rence Kotlikoff, and he wrote a book called ‘‘The Coming Generational Storm.’’ Its premise is really built around your two grandkids because he says that the imputed tax for a child born into America today is about 84 percent, 84 percent. 
I mean, our civilization won’t work. 
A market-based economy doesn’t work with an 84 percent tax rate. Yet that is what he said is coming those two young children’s way in the event that nothing is done to change the course and the trajectory of the way that Washington is spending money. He says that the total debt really amounts to around $200 trillion. So it hit me, as I was looking into your two grand-children’s eyes there in the photo-graph. 
Mr. WOMACK. I want to give you 
some perspective before I close, Mr. Speaker. 
The only budget that we have laying 
out there right now is the President’s budget. It arrived on time. It never bal-ances—never—and continues to add a lot of taxes and a lot of debt and a lot of interest burdens on the generations of these two kids right here. 
But here is what is inescapable: the 
net interest on the debt that we will pay this year—and I might need some 
help on this, Mr. R
OKITA —I think it is 
around $250 billion? 
Mr. ROKITA. Yes. Mr. WOMACK. Around $250 billion. It 
is a lot of money. We could build a lot of roads and bridges, educate a lot of people, pay for a lot of things with that $250 billion, give or take. 
The President’s budget, if you rolled 
it out for 10 years, in the 10-year win-dow before this young man can vote and before this young man turns 12, the net interest on the debt will rise to $785 billion a year. That is not a sustainable path, and that is why I was pleased to accept the appointment to the Budget Committee as one of the three appro-priators assigned to this committee. That is why I enjoy the work that I do. That is why I appreciate so much my friend from Indiana, my friend from Georgia, my friend from South Caro-lina, and the others that will parade down here and talk about these issues. They are the most serious things that affect domestic America today. 
And out of deference to these two 
young men and to their parents—Will and Amanda, and Kayle and Philip—it is my hope and my prayer that we will find the courage to support the solu-tions, as large as they may be, to save America’s next greatest generation. 
b1615 
Mr. ROKITA. Well, I thank the gen-
tleman from Arkansas. Clearly, Mr. Speaker, you see why he was elected mayor of Rogers, Arkansas. You see why he has been a leader in our U.S. military, and you see how and why he leads on the floor of this House. I want to, again, thank Congressman 
T
OMRICEfrom South Carolina for 
speaking today, and Congressman M
ARK SANFORD , former Governor of 
South Carolina, now Congressman of the First District, for speaking today. Again, I thank Congressman S
TEVE  
WOMACK . 
With the time we have remaining, I 
yield to a good friend of mine who came in at the same time as S
TEVE  
WOMACK and I in a wave of 87 new 
Congresspersons, the new crew, as I call it, my good friend, R
OBWOODALL , 
also a member of the Budget Com-mittee, to put some icing over what we have learned over the past hour. 
Mr. WOODALL. I thank my friend 
from Indiana for yielding, and I appre-ciate his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know if you have thought about it—you have not been in this institu-tion very long. You came here with a lot of hopes and dreams. The gen-tleman from Indiana, the vice chair-man of the Budget Committee, has been here 4 years. He has been here 4 years. What I have loved about this in-stitution the 4 years I have served here is that what was once a seniority-based institution, what was once if you could just hold on to your little piece of power long enough, you might one day rise to a place where you can be influ-ential. 
When we came in that big class of 
2010 and a new leadership structure was swept in here, folks said: No more. They said: We want to find folks who have talents and skills and who have the ability to lead, and we are going to put them in places where they can do that. I am so proud the gentleman from Indiana is able to fill that role for me. I sit on the Budget Committee, too, and I get to take advantage of his lead-ership. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ar-
kansas was down here earlier, and I don’t think I am telling secrets out of school—I am sure the vice chairman will correct me if I am—but he raised his hands in one of these closed-door meetings and he said: I want to do the big things. I want to do the big things. I don’t want to nibble around the edges. I don’t want to just rearrange the dollars here and there. He said: I want to solve the problem once and for all, and I will do whatever it takes to make that happen. 
I know that has always been the phi-
losophy that the gentleman from South Carolina has brought to bear, that I want to do the big things. Let the political chips fall where they may. It is a funny thing. It turns out, Mr. Speaker, that if you do the right things for the right reasons, sometimes elec-tions take care of themselves. You can spend all your time worrying about elections or you can worry about doing the right thing for the right reason. 
Mr. Speaker, I brought this chart 
here so you can see it, too. The blue line charts the revenue in this country. The red line charts the spending in this country. It is there as a percentage of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.038 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1558 March 3, 2015 
GDP. There is no set of circumstances 
where revenue will ever match spend-ing, Mr. Speaker. The President didn’t provide that leadership; my friend from Indiana is. That is why I am so proud to be on the floor with you today. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE BLUE DOG COALITION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, my name is 
Congressman J
IMCOSTA from Fresno, 
California. Since I was first elected over 10 years ago, I have been a mem-ber of the Blue Dog caucus. This after-noon, members of the Blue Dog caucus that stretch the width and the breadth of this great country of ours are going to speak about what brings us to-gether, about the passions that they have and the people that they advocate for and why they believe that their ef-forts at being a constructive and a very positive member of the Blue Dog cau-cus adds value to their ability to rep-resent their constituencies and to the vision that I think we, as Americans, all share together, which is to make our Congress, to make our representa-tive democracy, a more functioning system. Because clearly today, the American public, in poll after poll after poll, demonstrate their frustration with the inability of the United States Congress to come together and to work on common solutions for our country, solutions that share our common val-ues but also involve the art, the art of the political compromise, too often I believe an art that has become lost here in our Nation’s Capital in Wash-ington, D.C. 
So among the first of the members of 
our caucus that will speak is the gen-tlewoman from Arizona’s Ninth Dis-trict, K
YRSTEN SINEMA , a colleague of 
mine who always is advocating for her constituency in the most positive ways. 
Ms. SINEMA. Thank you, Mr. C
OSTA , 
and thank you today for organizing this Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important op-
portunity for us to come together and show how bipartisanship can fix our broken system. 
At home in Arizona, I hear from ev-
eryone that Washington is broken. There is too much time spent playing political games and too little time spent working together to get things done. Most people are sick and tired of Congress’ failing to do its job because of partisan politics. That is why I joined the Blue Dog Coalition, because they prioritize the people they rep-resent more than their party leader-ship. 
Everybody knows that Congress is 
not working effectively, and the Blue Dogs are trying to change that. They 
are focused on ending political polar-ization, reforming Congress, stopping 
reckless government spending, and cre-ating economic opportunity for Ameri-cans who have been left behind by this recession. 
Mr. Speaker, I come to work every 
single day to get things done for Ari-zona. I have a proven record of reach-ing out to members of both political parties to find common ground on issues ranging from jobs and the econ-
omy to reducing spending and govern-ment waste. As a cofounder of the United Solutions Caucus and a No La-bels Problem Solver, I have worked with members of both parties to get things done. At home, Congressman M
ATTSALMON and I work together to 
help Arizona veterans get the care they deserve, and I have worked with Con-gressman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL to intro-
duce legislation that puts an end to automatic pay raises for Members of Congress. 
Neither party is always right. In fact, 
both parties are often wrong. It is time for us to listen to each other and work together to grow our economy, help our country’s families, and honor our veterans. Recently, we came together to pass bipartisan legislation to pre-vent veteran suicide and improve ac-cess to mental health care and health services for veterans. Just this week, we agreed on legislation to expand col-lege savings plans and make higher education a reality for students and their families. We need more of these kinds of accomplishments in Congress. 
In Arizona, the voters established an 
independent redistricting commission that allows for an open and transparent process and creates competitive dis-tricts where neither party has a mo-nopoly. We Blue Dogs have proposed similar reforms to create impartial, fairly drawn districts across the coun-try to cut back on the polarization that cripples our system. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people de-
serve leaders who do whatever it takes to come up with practical, common-sense solutions that help us move for-ward. It is time for us to focus on areas of common ground and come up with real answers to our country’s most pressing problems. So let’s put aside the finger pointing and the fighting. Let’s roll up our sleeves and get back to work. 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
Mr. Speaker, our next Blue Dog col-
league who will speak is a gentleman whom I have served with both in the California State Legislature as well as here in Congress. He and I are good friends. We both represent wonderful parts of California, and he is one of the longer serving members in the Blue Dog caucus, the gentleman from north-ern California, Congressman M
IKE 
THOMPSON from California’s Fifth Dis-
trict. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I 
thank the gentleman, and my friend, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Members, I came down 
to the floor this afternoon to join my Blue Dog colleagues in calling for all of us in Congress to come together and do the work that we have been asked to do, the work that we have been sent to Washington, sent to Congress to do on behalf of the people that we represent. I came to Congress to get things done, to get things done for the people that I represent, and to get things done for the great country that we are all so privileged to live in and to participate in. 
As Mr. C
OSTA mentioned, he and I 
served together in the State legislature in California, and I am very proud of the work that we did there. We were able to get a lot of things done. In the 
time that I was there, the majority of the time, I chaired the Senate Budget Committee. That was one of the rea-sons why I was so proud to be a Blue Dog, although the common thread that holds all Blue Dogs together is the issue of fiscal responsibility. 
In my time in Sacramento chairing 
the Budget Committee, we always had a balanced budget. Fiscal responsi-bility was important, and it is equally as important here in Congress. Nobody likes the fact that we have huge defi-cits or huge debts. We understand that some things are unavoidable, but there has to be an understanding of and an intentional effort on the part of all us to make sure that we are fiscally re-sponsible and that we manage that debt, we manage that deficit, and we bring it down to a level that won’t bur-den our children and our grandchildren in the years to come. 
So I was stunned when I came to 
Congress and found out that it was very, very difficult to get anything done, to get people to work together. As J
IMpointed out, I am one of the 
longer serving Members, so I was stunned a long time ago in what you can probably refer to today as ‘‘the good old days,’’ when we were actually able to work together and get things done, but we didn’t have a high level of that cooperation even back then. 
Last week, I was with the Aspen In-
stitute on a trade conference. Anybody who is familiar with them knows that they are able to bring together a bipar-tisan and bicameral representation of Congress, Members from the Senate and Members from the House, Demo-crats and Republicans. They also bring together some of the most famous scholars to talk about whatever the issue of the conference is. I was struck, at this trade conference, when one of the new Members that we serve with, now starting his sophomore term, after the scholars spoke and he was recog-nized, said: I came to Congress to in-volve myself in this type of problem solving, when people came together, talked about issues, talked about prob-lems, and talked about solutions. He said: And this is the first time since I have been here that we have been able to engage in that type of dialogue. 
That is not right, Members, and we 
all know that. We are here to work on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.039 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1559 March 3, 2015 
the problems that face our great coun-
try, and we need to get down and do that work. 
Mr. COSTA. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. I yield 
to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. COSTA. I appreciate your ex-
plaining your experience in the Cali-fornia Legislature because we not only worked together in a bipartisan fash-ion, but we also worked together with the lower house and the State senate, because you could never get anything done if you didn’t work together with both houses. Of course, that is part of our problem here today. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, the gentleman is correct. 
That is how the legislative process works. You don’t just punt something over to the other Chamber and then say, ‘‘We have done our job’’; because you haven’t done your job until the President, in the case of Congress, signs his name on the line making that bill or that job come to fruition, mak-ing it the law. 
You are right. In the State capitol, 
we did that. We knew we had to work together because the same piece of leg-islation had to pass both houses and had to meet there for the Governor’s signature in order to become law. The same thing happens here. 
I know it can be done. One of the 
things that I did in some of my earlier years here, Mr. Speaker, is I was suc-cessful in getting a wilderness bill passed, a wilderness bill that protected into perpetuity 350,000 acres in my dis-trict in California. Wilderness bills have passed before, so that, in itself, was not the biggest thing that has ever happened here. But I am particularly proud because I was in the minority then. 
The chair of Natural Resources was 
Richard Pombo from California, some-one whom I consider a friend, although not a political ally. He was not some-one who was favorable to approving wilderness legislation. But I worked with him and his committee. He had the bill up in for a markup. We had it on the floor. We passed it. I com-promised; he compromised. That bill went through the House. The com-panion bill went through the Senate, as Mr. C
OSTA was explaining has to be 
done, and it went to then-President George W. Bush, who signed it into law. 
So it is incongruent with the way we 
work today. Today you would just start by saying: An unfriendly chair-man, an unfriendly President, we can’t get anything done. That is just abso-lutely not true. 
If we come together and if we work 
together, we can find solutions to the problems that we face. There are any number of issues that need to come to-gether and need to be put on this floor for a vote. You can look at immigra-tion reform, tax reform, gun violence prevention, and certainly one that ev-
eryone can agree with is an infrastruc-ture bill. b1630 
There is not a person that any one of 
us represents who doesn’t know that we need to invest in America’s infra-structure—in our roads, in our high-ways, in our broadband, in our over-passes, in our bridges. And now with the new Panama Canal coming on line and the bigger ships coming into this country, we have huge investments that need to be made in our ports and our harbors. These are investments that not only put Americans to work generating more revenue, but put bet-
ter jobs and make our economy strong-er than it has ever been before. 
I submit, Members, that these are 
things that we can do. As has been said before, the things that bring us to-gether, the things that bring us to-gether as Americans, are far greater than the things that divide us. I will plead, let’s get together, let’s roll up our sleeves, let’s work together on ad-dressing the major issues that face America. 
I thank you, Mr. C
OSTA , for bringing 
us here today. 
Mr. COSTA. I thank the Congress-
man from California. 
Congressman M IKE THOMPSON , I 
think, expressly indicated why he is a Blue Dog and, over the years, his ef-forts to bridge the gap, to reach across the aisle, to get something done; be-cause he recognizes, as do all of us Blue Dogs, that the political dysfunction that is occurring here in our Nation’s Capital is real. It has measurable costs, and it is preventing our country, sadly, from solving the problems that our constituents send us here to solve, whether it is the economic recovery that could be stronger, whether it is fixing our Nation’s deficit, whether it is fixing a broken immigration system, or an array of other issues that are pressing, that are important to the people back home. 
The next gentleman who would like 
to address our Congress is the gen-tleman from the great State of Illinois, Congressman D
ANLIPINSKI , my col-
league and classmate from Illinois’ Third District. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. C
OSTA for putting this together 
today. 
The reason I came to Congress, the 
reason I ran for Congress, was to get things done. I think that is what all our constituents are expecting us to do. 
Unfortunately, when I am at home, I 
am constantly reminded that my con-stituents are wondering why we don’t get more done, what is happening in Washington. When I am shopping at Menards or at Jewel, people come up to me and say: Why can’t everyone work together there in Washington? 
They know that I have been doing 
that. That is why I am part of the Blue Dog coalition, because we want to bring people together here in Wash-ington—in the House, the Senate— bring everyone together to work out the many, many problems that our Na-tion has. We just had Mr. T
HOMPSON talking 
about a transportation bill. Everyone talks about the need to fix our trans-portation infrastructure. We have roads and bridges that are crumbling. Our public transit also has infrastruc-ture that is crumbling. We all need a good transportation system to get wherever we need to go during the day. 
Our Nation, for the sake of having an 
efficient economy, needs a good trans-portation system. We can put people to work immediately fixing our transpor-tation system, yet we haven’t been able to come together to solve this problem. That is one thing that we need to do, and it is something I think that we can do. 
We have just seen all the trouble that 
we had run into here with the Home-land Security bill, an issue that should be easy. We all want to protect our homeland. We all know the threats that we are facing. And although we may have disagreements on many issues, protecting our Nation is not one of those. Yet, unfortunately, we do run into issues, and we really need to in-stead focus on what can we work to-gether on and what is possible. 
We have a divided government now. 
It used to be that after an election, ev-eryone would come together, look around and say: Okay. This is who is the majority in the House, the major-ity in the Senate, who is in the White House. What can we agree upon? How can we work together to solve prob-lems? Where can we find our agree-ment? Instead, we seem to focus on how our party can get control of every-thing in the next election. Mr. Speak-er, this is not the way that the Amer-ican people want us to work. They want us to come together. 
Now, some of the previous speakers 
talked about electoral reform and re-districting reform. Those can certainly help. Those are things that we support and that the Blue Dogs are working to get done. But even before we get those things done, we can work together and accomplish great things here. The American people aren’t demanding that of us. They are demanding that we change the way that Washington is working right now. That is what the Blue Dogs are doing. 
That is the only way we are going to 
be able to face so many of the problems that we face, including the issue that is really at the heart of the Blue Dogs, has always been, and continues to be: dealing with our fiscal situation. We need to be fiscally responsible. The American people understand this. They know we need to make the tough choices here in Washington to get our fiscal House in order. 
The Blue Dogs have always led on 
that. We continue to lead on that, but it is going to take bipartisan coopera-tion to get that done because we have a divided government. But we need to do it. We need to take care of these issues. The Blue Dogs continue to work on these things. We really need the support of everyone to come together 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.040 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1560 March 3, 2015 
here in Washington and across the 
country to solve these great problems that we have, that we face. 
Mr. Speaker, I am sure there are peo-
ple who may be out there watching this on C–SPAN, and probably a lot of peo-ple who are just so happy to finally turn on C–SPAN and hear people talk-ing about working together, not talk-ing about what is wrong with the other side, how I am right and the other side is wrong, but the need to work to-gether. That is what the Blue Dogs are about. That is what it continues to be about, and that is the way that we are going to make America the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth—but a Nation that faces, as we all under-stand, many issues, many problems, just as our families are facing many issues right now. By working together, we can make our Nation even greater, and only by working together will we get there. 
I am very happy to join my Blue Dog 
colleagues here tonight and every day working to help make America a better place to live. So let us all come to-gether, Mr. Speaker, and work on some of these problems. ‘‘Compromise,’’ I know, sometimes is a dirty word. You don’t have to give up your principles to compromise. Stick to your principles, but compromise. Get done what we can get done, and make this Nation a greater place. 
I thank my Blue Dog colleagues very 
much. Thank you, Mr. C
OSTA , for this. 
We are going to continue to bring the message to the American people and get things done. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Illinois, my classmate, for his good words. Clearly, I think he speaks on behalf of not only the Blue Dogs, but the majority of Americans who believe that we need to be working together to solve problems, whether it is our budget, our fiscal def-icit, or whether it is our transportation system, as the gentleman from Illinois so succinctly pointed out. It can never be ‘‘my way or the highway,’’ because if that is the case, we will never get anything done, as has been witnessed here for the last couple of months. But when we do work together, as the com-promised bipartisan vote that we saw this afternoon on Homeland Security, we can get something done. 
My next friend and colleague is the 
gentleman from Georgia, Congressman S
ANFORD BISHOP , from the Second Dis-
trict. He has distinguished himself over the years and has been a member of not only the Blue Dog caucus, but he rep-resents some of the best parts of Geor-gia—Fort Benning and agriculture, like I represent. 
S
ANFORD , we are glad to have you 
here this afternoon to tell us the thoughts of the people of Georgia’s Second District on the terrific job you do on their behalf. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentleman for putting to-gether this Special Order, and I thank the gentleman for yielding. Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: 
‘‘Ultimately a genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.’’ 
Debate is a natural consequence of 
representative democracy. Gridlock, on the other hand, is not. 
Sitting down with those across the 
aisle is not just an act of placing faith in political or ideological adversaries, but an act of placing faith in our egali-tarian democratic system, a system, as it was, founded on the art of creating consensus in order to move forward. 
All of us here speaking from the well 
this hour believe in working together for better government, working for re-sponsible government, working for transparent government. The moderate Blue Dogs are here not only to find common ground between lawmakers, but to forge an understanding of what it is to truly work together. 
The Blue Dog Coalition is dedicated 
to a core set of beliefs that transcend partisan politics. We represent the cen-ter of the House of Representatives and appeal to the mainstream values of the American public. The coalition devel-ops substantive proposals and positions distinct from those advocated by the extremes in both parties. Needless to say, we Blue Dogs are less swayed by the leadership of either party and more persuaded by the needs and the con-cerns of mainstream Americans. 
But this is nothing new. Twenty 
years ago, the Blue Dog Coalition was formed following the 1994 election. Over the past 20 years, many of our proposals have been praised as fair, re-sponsible, and positive additions to a Congressional environment too often marked as partisan and antagonistic. 
Throughout those years, the Blue 
Dogs have been dedicated to solving problems based on five principles of po-litical leadership: tell the truth; govern for the future; put the country first; be responsible; work together. 
My job is to represent the interests 
and the values of the people in my dis-trict in middle and southwest Georgia. As a Blue Dog Democrat, I push for commonsense measures that will make government work better for my con-stituents. 
The people of Georgia’s Second Con-
gressional District, like all Americans, deserve a government that puts their needs ahead of partisan politics. We seek to use the legislative process to create a higher, better quality of life for all of our citizens. Eliminating gov-ernment waste and inefficiency are crucial to achieving this goal. 
We work with our colleagues on the 
right and the left, on both sides of the aisle, to pass commonsense reforms that will make government work for the people of our great Nation. As Members of Congress, it is our respon-sibility to ensure that government works for the American people. 
I am committed to working together 
with my colleagues to pass legislation that eliminates Federal waste and inef-ficiency. If we can do this, it will give us a better chance at getting things 
done. That is how we rebuild trust with the American people, by showing them that we are doing the job we were sent here to do. 
Today, many folks might suppose 
that bipartisanship is dead. The Blue Dogs have been here and are still here to say that it is not dead. We are com-mitted to working—not to finger point, not to fight, but to fix. I believe that problem solving together across both sides of the aisle we can make that happen. 
So I am delighted that my colleague, 
Mr. C
OSTA , and my colleagues from the 
Blue Dog Coalition have come together with this Special Order so that we can say to each other, say to the American people, that we cry out for a govern-ment that will work for the people to get the needs, the common goals, the common hopes, and their common aspi-rations addressed. 
We may have differences, but we have 
more similarities than we have dif-ferences. If we find those common de-nominators of experience that combine us, we can get the job done for the American people. 
I thank you for this time. 
b1645 
Mr. COSTA. Congressman B
ISHOP , my 
friend, I could not have said it better: for the people and by the people. 
Mr. Speaker, for those who are 
watching on C–SPAN this afternoon, we welcome your input, and we wel-come your comments. For those of you who are interested, please sign onto our Web site, which is www.bluedog .schrader.house.gov, as a way by which you can communicate with us. We all have our Web sites. Obviously, not only our constituents from our respective districts but people from throughout the country, we would urge you to weigh in. Let us know how you feel, which is an appropriate segue for our next speaker. 
The Blue Dogs every 2 years select 
three leaders to represent them and to organize our agenda. We have a policy individual who will be speaking in a moment, Congressman J
IMCOOPER . We 
have the communications director, which is the position I serve, and then we have our chairperson. Our chair-person is a gentleman whom I have the honor and privilege to serve with. He is my friend, and he is doing an excellent job, the gentleman from Oregon’s Fifth District, Representative K
URT SCHRA -
DER. 
Mr. SCHRADER. Thank you very, 
very much. I want to thank my friend, the gentleman from California, for hosting this particular Special Order. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is important 
for America to realize that we all don’t hate one another. We actually get along pretty well on a personal level, and there are those of us on both sides of the aisle who want to work together to solve our country’s problems. You have heard a little bit about that al-ready. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.042 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1561 March 3, 2015 
I think, at this time, more than ever, 
it is important for Congress to come together. The little debate we had last week or a week and a half ago on the Department of Homeland Security, I think, drives that point home. Often-times, within families, there are dis-agreements. Whether it is a Republican family or a Democratic family, we are 
not going to agree on all of the issues all of the time. That doesn’t make one side wrong and the other side right. What it does mean is there is an honest difference of opinion. In the way our forefathers set the system up, we are supposed to work through that. There are checks and balances. No one party, no one Chamber, no one individual is supposed to have ultimate veto over the rights of everyday, Main Street Americans. 
What we in the Blue Dog Coalition 
try to do is to bridge those differences, to provide a forum to find ways to agree, not to disagree with the other team. As for the Homeland Security bill, whatever you think about some of the attachments to the bill or about some of the actions by the President of the United States, it is important to fund Homeland Security more now than ever. With the stuff that has gone on overseas that could possibly threat-en our own shores, it makes it impera-tive that we work together. I am actu-ally proud, despite the sausage-making look of it in the media and, perhaps, to a lot of Americans, that there were Re-publicans and Democrats who came to-gether to solve that problem. 
We will live to fight another day on 
immigration reform and on some of the other issues which we have genuine, le-gitimate differences of opinion on, but it should not be lost on the American people that it was Democrats and Re-publicans coming together to solve a very basic problem that our Congress and Nation are charged to solve, which is to provide for the security of the American people. 
The Blue Dogs have been doing this 
for years. You heard of our inception after the 1994 elections, when the Blue Dogs felt we were getting choked. We were regular Southern Democrats, if you will, at that time. It has branched out, like Mr. C
OSTA has indicated, to 
include the whole country now. Yellow Dog Democrats were getting ‘‘choked blue’’ by their rather liberal leadership that they felt did not respect or, frank-ly, represent some of their interests, so out of that came the Blue Dogs. 
The body has grown and decreased in 
numbers with every election cycle. There has been a consistent drumbeat, however, for folks like us in moderate districts, not just on the Democratic side, but on the Republican side. We ac-tually have quarterly meetings with a Republican group called the Tuesday Group, where we try and get together and share ideas about things we can work together on—not in opposition to but work together on. Boy, I wish lead-ership would work in that same vein. We would be a lot better off. Mr. COSTA. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. SCHRADER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. COSTA. We have talked a lot 
about this among our fellow Blue Dogs, but I think the point that you raise there is worth repeating because, frankly, I think there are a lot of Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle who, if they had the opportunity, would like to figure out how they could work to-gether. I know, as the chair of the Blue Dog Caucus, it is your desire to reach out and continue to make that effort. I just want to applaud you for that. 
I also want to ask: Are there other 
ways in which constituents can make their Congresspeople feel more com-fortable about doing that? With this notion of ‘‘it is my way or the high-way,’’ I think the majority of my con-stituents wonder what is going on there. I mean, ‘‘What are you folks thinking in Washington? because that is not the way we do it at home.’’ 
Mr. SCHRADER. In reclaiming my 
time, I totally agree with the gen-tleman from California. 
I think, sometimes, there is that bub-
ble we operate under here in Wash-ington, D.C., and we forget that the people back home, frankly, are some-times not watching C–SPAN. They are busy trying to put food on their tables, seeing if their kids can get great edu-cations. Frankly, in recent times, they are just trying to keep their bloody jobs. So I think it is important for us to relate to the people who are paying our salaries. This is their Chamber— this is their building—not a bubble of Washington, D.C., types. It is impor-tant for us to sit down and represent what they are talking about. 
When I went home in this last elec-
tion cycle and, frankly, in every elec-tion cycle, the big issue for Americans in the Congressional Fifth District in the great State of Oregon—the Willam-ette Valley-central Oregon coast—is not any one issue. It is: ‘‘Will you please work together.’’ This is com-plicated stuff—some of these bills are pretty darned complicated—but I think everyday Americans understand. ‘‘Okay. That is why I hired you. Work it out. Figure it out.’’ To their credit, they don’t give me a lot of room for ex-cuses. 
‘‘Well, gee. I am not in the majority. 
I don’t control it.’’ 
‘‘Kurt, I elected you. I want you to 
figure out a way of how to work with folks.’’ 
We can do that. The farm bill in the 
last Congress was a classic example of how we actually worked together, Re-publicans and Democrats. You could not tell a Democrat or a Republican based on what they were talking about, because they were representing dif-ferent districts, different geographies around this country, lobbying hard for their farming interests or nutritional programs that they felt passionately about. That is the way Congress is sup-posed to work. That is what the Blue Dog Coalition is all about—building 
those relationships. 
If you have noticed in the 114th Con-
gress, in the first 2 months, while DHS, the Affordable Care Act, and some-times choice or abortion have gotten a lot of the headlines from the media, I would urge you to look at the votes for the big, important bills that have come forward. There are a number of bills that leadership—and I give the Repub-lican leadership credit for this— brought forward that moderate Demo-crats had voted for in past Congresses or had expressed interest in, and they got overwhelming and sometimes sig-nificant Democrat support. That is not talked about by the media, folks. 
You have got to realize that there 
are many opportunities like that that go below the radar screen. It may not be the sexiest topic in the world, but it is stuff like making sure the Affordable Care Act works, making sure that small businesses are able to function properly, making sure that the Dodd- Frank financial reform actually is workable and respects the interests of the different members of the commu-nity out there, even the Keystone vote. I mean, we have to be thoughtful about it, and Democrats and Republicans need to work together and find areas they can agree on. We have tried to do that time and again. It is the heartbeat of the Blue Dog Coalition. 
Basically, what we are standing for, 
as you have heard, is fiscal reform and fiscal responsibility. It has been a hall-mark of the Blue Dogs over the last 20 years. We are generally a government efficiency organization. We believe government is not evil, but it could sure work a heck of a lot better. Every one of the folks out there in America understands that some government rule is making a problem for them, and it shouldn’t have to happen. We as Blue Dogs try and cut through that govern-ment regulation. 
We are also business friendly. Yes, 
Democrats can be business friendly, be-lieve it or not. They are called ‘‘Blue Dogs.’’ There is another group called New Democrats. There is another group growing outside this that wants to include all Americans, which is called No Labels. Most Blue Dogs are, frankly, members of No Labels. There is another group that works together, Democrats and Republicans. Yes, folks. There are a lot of different people in this Congress who are very interested in trying to work together to make your Congress work and deal with your lunch bucket issues that mean the most to you—job creation, educational reform, infrastructure—as was alluded to. These are values, I think, every American holds dear, and those are the issues we should be working on. 
Senator Lieberman said at one point 
that it is kind of ironic that everyone is interested in bipartisanship, but if you don’t agree with somebody 100 per-cent of the time, you don’t agree with them any of the time. The real world is: life is complicated, and you are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.044 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1562 March 3, 2015 
going to have times when you agree 
and times when you disagree. One of the basic axioms of politics is: you don’t have enemies or friends; you have allies and adversaries at the end of the day because issues change over time, and you will find that the ebb and flow of interests will conflate with party, geography—all of those issues. 
The Blue Dog Coalition is dedicated 
to trying to bring people together across this country—Republicans and Democrats, business interests, individ-uals—trying to make your government more responsible and more efficient with electoral reform, congressional reform, getting back in this great, au-gust Chamber to regular order—to where your interests are represented through the committees, through the elected Representatives you have. That is what is important here, and that binds Democrats and Republicans, lib-erals and conservatives and moderates, like us. That is the hallmark of the Blue Dog Coalition. 
I won’t belabor the point. I thank the 
gentleman for bringing us to the floor here. I think it is important for Amer-ica to be a little inspired that there are people who care about this country, who cut through the partisan politics and even go against our respective leaderships to try and solve the prob-lems you want us to solve. I think, at the end of the day, that is where Amer-ica is. To get back to a greatness, which was alluded to before, it is going to require more members of the Blue Dog Coalition and of the Tuesday Group on the other side of the aisle to be elected to Congress and hope Amer-ica gets mad as hell and starts to hold their Members accountable for working together and making America great again. 
Mr. COSTA. I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Oregon for his leadership as the chair of the Blue Dog Coalition. 
Your efforts to reach out to the Tues-
day Group and to the No Labels Caucus and your efforts to take difficult posi-tions and cast hard votes, I think, are all examples of political profiles in courage, and we commend you for your leadership and your efforts. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1029, EPA SCIENCE ADVI-SORY BOARD REFORM ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 1030, SE-CRET SCIENCE REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–37) on the resolution (H. Res. 138) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Envi-ronmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from pro-
posing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or re-producible, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, the next 
Blue Dog Coalition member who will speak is one of our newest members. He hails from the great State of Nebraska, and we are honored to have him as one of our newest members of the Blue Dog Coalition. He is B
RAD ASHFORD from 
Nebraska’s Second District. A lot of agriculture and a lot of good people Congressman B
RAD ASHFORD has the 
opportunity to represent, and we ap-preciate the fact that he is here. 
Mr. ASHFORD. Thank you, Mr. 
C
OSTA . I am privileged to have the op-
portunity to speak today. 
Mr. Speaker, you mentioned, just 
briefly, the concept of ‘‘Profiles of Courage.’’ John Kennedy, in writing that book, wrote about a great Nebras-kan, George Norris. George Norris was a Senator from Nebraska, and prior to that time, he served in this House. In 1908, he led a bipartisan effort in the House to change the rules of the House in order to make the House more trans-parent and more accountable to the American people. 
b1700 
In that regard, in John Kennedy’s 
book he wrote about Congressman Nor-ris, and then, subsequently, Senator 
Norris. In the 1930s, Senator Norris, who had worked to create the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, worked across the aisle with FDR—he was a Repub-lican—to pass the Rural Electrification Act that electrified the country. He did so working across the aisle. 
And in the 1930s—and 1934, specifi-
cally—he reached out to the people of Nebraska and said to them: We can do better. We can have a more transparent government. We can have a bipartisan, nonpartisan government that will ad-dress the tough issues of Nebraska in the Depression of the 1930s. And he rec-ommended to the voters: Look, let’s do this. Let’s have a unicameral, non-partisan legislature. 
And the lobbyists and the special in-
terests said: George, you should go back to Washington. This isn’t going to work in Nebraska. 
Well, the voters of Nebraska, in 1934, 
voted for a unicameral, nonpartisan legislature, and I am proud to say that we have such a legislature today. 
I am so proud and honored to be here. 
There was a discussion earlier by prior speakers about relationships. And what is so interesting to me and amazing to me—not amazing, really, but grati-fying—are those relationships, are the relationships that I have been able to achieve through my association with the Blue Dogs and relationships with Republicans and Democrats alike. It is very, very gratifying that that exists. That is what I am used to in Nebraska. 
When I first arrived here, I went to a 
Democratic Caucus. I served in the Ne-braska unicameral legislature for 16 
years. I never went to a caucus in my life. I didn’t really know exactly what a Democrat or Republican really was. I suppose I would have to look, but of the 49 members of the Nebraska Legis-lature, I would have to think long and hard about what party they belonged to. 
And in the 16 years that I served 
there, we had many tough issues. In fact, one of the toughest issues we had 
in the State was the pipeline issue, and that was referenced earlier—the Trans-Canada pipeline. Well, it goes through Nebraska. As originally routed, it would have gone through some of the most sensitive areas of our State, the Sandhills area and the Ogallala Aqui-fer. 
We spent a year together, the 49 of 
us. Not every day. We would kill each other if we spent every day together, but we spent a lot of time. At the end of the day, we came up with a process to reroute the TransCanada pipeline to move it away from the most sensitive parties of the Ogallala Aquifer. We did it with a vote of 49–0, environmental-ists and those on the other side of the issue coming together to pass a routing bill. 
So the idea that George Norris had 
was, number one, be transparent. Let the people of Nebraska know exactly what you are doing. 
What is interesting about the 16 
years that I was there—and, quite frankly, if you do count Republicans and Democrats in the unicameral legis-lature, you will find that there are a lot more Republicans, traditionally, than there are Democrats, at least dur-ing the 16 years I was there, and I don’t think that at any time I was there, any year, any legislative session I was there, that there were not an equal number of committee chairs that were Republican and Democrat. There was nothing magic about that. It was just the way we balanced things out in our State. We did it and do it intuitively. We do it intuitively. 
I don’t suggest that we are going to 
decide tomorrow or even next year or 10 years from now to have a unicam-eral, bipartisan, nonpartisan legisla-ture, but the lessons that I learned there are the lessons that I have brought here. And when I had the op-portunity, Mr. C
OSTA , to meet the Blue 
Dogs, it reminded me of home. It re-minded me of the Nebraska Legislature and the idea that Republicans and Democrats make that decision for themselves. 
But as my good friend and former 
Senator from Nebraska Ed Zorinsky used to say, there are no Republican Senators or Democratic Senators. There are only American Senators, U.S. Senators. It is in the water in Ne-braska. That is how we think. That is how we are. And what is great about this place is those same relationships, those same committed people are there to make those kinds of relationships work in a bipartisan way. We have heard examples of that today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.045 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1563 March 3, 2015 
When I ran for this office, I said to 
the voters of the Second Congressional District of Nebraska, Sarpy County and Douglas County, Nebraska, the two most populace counties: I’m going to go to Washington, and I’m going to make 25 friends. Because in Nebraska, if you make 25 friends, you get 25 peo-ple to vote for a bill, it passes. 
You know what? I found more than 25 
friends. I found a lot of friends, a lot of great people who sit in this body, this place, every single day, Republicans and Democrats. 
I just got back—and then I will con-
clude, Mr. C
OSTA —from a trip to Af-
ghanistan, Iraq, Jordan, the Emirates, and Kuwait. I went with three other Members: E
LISE STEFANIK , who is a 
freshman Republican from New York; J
OEWILSON , who is a veteran Member 
from South Carolina; and S ETH 
MOULTON , who is a freshman from Mas-
sachusetts. What great people. What great committed Americans to have gone on that trip. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I commend the Blue 
Dogs to the country, to those that are watching, in furtherance of the old tra-dition of transparency and working to-gether and making things happen. 
Mr. COSTA. During your visit, on a 
bipartisan basis, in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Jordan, you were visiting some of the most challenging hotspots in the world today, and I suspect you got an opportunity to visit and see American men and women serving abroad and the heroic and difficult jobs that they are doing and the great sacrifices of their families. I suspect you had an oppor-tunity to tell them that in Washington we are trying to do all we can to sup-port them. 
Mr. ASHFORD. Thank you for the 
comment. Yes, I was fortunate enough 
to visit with Nebraskans who were serving in Iraq and serving in Afghani-stan. I was on a C–130. We were trav-eling over the Strait of Hormuz area. The navigator in the C–130 said to me: Sir—because he had to call me ‘‘sir’’; that is the protocol—get behind us. We’re doing the best we can over here, and we need your support. 
And they are going to get our support 
and have our support. Thank you for the question. I was so deeply appre-ciative of the opportunity to meet with my fellow Nebraskans who were there as well. 
Mr. COSTA. Well, I have made that 
trip several times, and we can never say thank you enough to the American men and women who serve in our Na-tion’s military. 
I would just ask you, every week, I 
know you go back to your district and 
the good people in Nebraska—and that good water you are drinking there, bring more of it here to Washington be-cause I think, if we can drink some more of that water, it certainly wouldn’t hurt us here in our Nation’s Capital. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Nebraska for his good words. 
As I prepare to close, I want to thank 
my fellow Blue Dog colleagues for com-ing down to the well of the House of 
Representatives this afternoon to talk about the common interests that we as Blue Dog Coalition members have, the efforts that we are making to reach across the aisle, the efforts that we are making to work with the No Labels group, as well as others, on a call to service to repair the engagement of civic dialogue, understanding that, frankly, if we tone down our rhetoric and we have a better understanding of how the different congressional dis-tricts that we all represent are, we can find the common threads, the common bonds to bring together solutions that we can agree upon for all of America. After all, we all believe that is what we have been sent here for, I believe, in one way or another. 
Another effort that the Blue Dog Co-
alition is engaged in with No Labels and others is congressional reform. Clearly, many Americans, when they look at Washington and they see the news of the evening, they think: Jeez, there must be something broke there. It ain’t working right. It’s not working the way we read in our textbooks. 
We are trying to restore efforts in 
congressional form in terms of regular order, in terms of our budget process and producing all 11 budget bills every year and go to a conference as we are supposed to do. We haven’t done that in 12 years in Congress, whether it is the Democrats in the majority or the Republicans in the majority, so there is a lot of fixing. Obviously, finger- pointing doesn’t fix the problem. 
In addition to that, we have electoral 
reform. I think we all know that last year, last November, we had the lowest recorded turnout in America since 1942. What does that tell you? What does that tell you when the majority of Americans, regardless of whether they are registered as Republicans or Demo-crats, identify themselves as Independ-ents? 
It tells you that America is looking 
toward people in Washington to pro-vide the leadership to solve problems. They don’t expect us to solve all of them—they are not unrealistic—but they would like us to prioritize on get-ting a budget on time, getting our fis-cal house in order, on trying to fix a broken immigration system, produce a 5-year transportation bill, improve government accountability, and trans-parency. That is what they would like us to work on. 
As I said when I began earlier this 
afternoon, I am Congressman J
IM 
COSTA . I represent the 16th Congres-
sional District in California, including all of Merced County, half of the flat land of Madera County—a lot of agri-culture in both Merced and Madera Counties—and Fresno County. Fresno is, of course, my home. 
The wonderful people that are part of 
the San Joaquin Valley that I have had the honor and privilege to represent over the years are what all Americans are like. They are some of the best and brightest. They are tenacious. They are hard working. They represent the story 
of America. 
What is that story? Immigrants past, 
immigrants present—people come in from all over the world, striving to have a better life, a better opportunity for themselves and for their families. 
That is why we are working to solve 
the water problems in the San Joaquin Valley—because, if we can solve the water problems in California and in the West, with the planet clicking 7 billion people last year and soon to have 9 bil-lion people by the middle of this cen-tury, our solutions to water problems in California can be a template to solv-ing water problems around the world because where water flows, food grows. 
Clearly, we know that that is a 
daunting challenge, just like our en-ergy problems are—but guess what. We are making progress on our energy problems. When I first came to Con-gress 10 years ago, we imported over 60 percent of our energy needs. Today, we import a little over 40 percent. 
If we continue on the current path, in 
the next 10 years, we will be importing around 20 percent or less by using all the energy tools in our energy toolbox, just as we must use all the water tools in our water toolbox. 
There is a lot to do. I would like to 
thank my colleagues in the Blue Dog Coalition for their time today, and their continued efforts over the year. Clearly, we have a lot of work to do to-gether, and we want to reach out to work with everybody in the House of Representatives, the people’s House. 
The Blue Dog Coalition is ready and 
willing to work with everyone. We look forward to creating bridges, not cul de sacs, working with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance com-monsense policies that are physically sound, that benefit our entire Nation. 
You could also call the Blue Dog Coa-
lition the commonsense caucus because we reject the notion of gridlock in Washington. It is embarrassing; it is inexcusable. 
Every day, when we put politics 
ahead of policy, we put our Nation at risk, and we stand to lose. Therefore, Congress must come together to ad-dress the critical issues as I said be-fore: tax reform, immigration reform, and ways to further our Nation’s eco-nomic recovery. 
b1715 
There is no problem in America, if we 
work together, that we cannot solve. We are here to represent and advocate for our constituents. 
Please, for those of you who enjoyed 
the comments made by my fellow Blue Dog Coalition members this afternoon, you can go to www.bluedog .schrader.house.gov for more informa-tion. 
The Blue Dog Coalition will continue 
to work to make a difference by advo-cating for sound legislation and work-ing together with our colleagues on a bipartisan basis. That is what I have always done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.047 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1564 March 3, 2015 
Today, as with my Blue Dog Coali-
tion partners, we have the honor and the privilege to represent our constitu-ents from throughout the land; and I would ask that my colleagues continue to make that effort because I think, at the end of the day, that is what all Americans want us to do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO ZIMBABWE—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–13) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Registe r and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003, with re-spect to the actions and policies of cer-tain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to under-mine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond March 6, 2015. 
The threat constituted by the actions 
and policies of certain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to undermine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institutions has not been resolved. These actions and policies continue to pose an un-
usual and extraordinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to continue this na-tional emergency and to maintain in force the sanctions to respond to this threat. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 3, 2015. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO UKRAINE—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–14) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622 (d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, is to con-tinue in effect beyond March 6, 2015. 
The actions and policies of persons 
that undermine democratic processes and institutions in Ukraine; threaten its peace, security, stability, sov-ereignty, and territorial integrity; and contribute to the misappropriation of its assets, as well as the actions and policies of the Government of the Rus-sian Federation, including its pur-ported annexation of Crimea and its use of force in Ukraine, continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. There-fore, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency declared in Executive Order 13660 
with respect to Ukraine. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 3, 2015. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-bers on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Committee: 
Mr. D
ELANEY , Maryland 
Ms. A DAMS , North Carolina 
Mr. B EYER , Virginia 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri (at the request 
of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account 
of attending a funeral. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE ALLOCATIONS AND OTHER AP -
PROPRIATE LEVELS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2015  
BUDGET RESOLUTION RELATED TO H .R. 240, DE-
PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPRO -
PRIATIONS ACT , 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to section 314(a) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, I hereby submit for printing in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD revi-
sions to the aggregate budget levels and com-mittee allocations set forth pursuant to H. Con. Res. 25 as deemed in force by H. Res. 5. The revision is for new budget authority and out-lays for provisions designated as disaster re-lief, pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985, contained in H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropria-tions Act, 2015. A corresponding table is at-tached. 
This revision represents an adjustment for 
purposes of enforcing sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. For purposes of such Act, these revised alloca-tions and aggregates are to be considered as included in the levels of the budget resolution, pursuant to section 101 of H. Con. Res. 25, as adjusted. 
BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal year 
2015 2015–2024 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 3,0 33,228 (1) 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,027,646 (1) 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,535,978 31,206,399 
Adjustment for H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 91 (1) 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 40 (1) 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 0 0 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 3,0 33,319 (1) 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,027,686 (1) 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,535,978 31,206,399 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2016–2024 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03MR7.049 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1565 March 3, 2015 
ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 
2015 
Base Discretionary Action: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,021,550 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,144,061 
Adjustment for Disaster Designated Spending: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 91 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 40 
Global War on Terrorism: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 85,357 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 39,981 
Total Discretionary Action: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,106,998 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,184,082 
Current Law Mandatory: 
BA ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 868,410 
OT ............................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 861,637 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on February 27, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bill: 
H.R. 33. To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency serv-ices volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 5 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, March 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 138. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Demonstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board mem-ber qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, and providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from pro-posing, finalizing, or disseminating regula-tions or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible (Rept. 114– 37). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California): 
H.R. 1208. A bill to establish the Sac-
ramento-San Joaquin Delta National Herit-age Area; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mrs. 
C
APPS , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): 
H.R. 1209. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for the des-ignation of maternity care health profes-
sional shortage areas; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , 
Mr. B LUM, Mr. D OLD, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. H ILL, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R OTHFUS , 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota): 
H.R. 1210. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institu-tion’s portfolio, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. 
G
IBSON , and Mr. T ONKO ): 
H.R. 1211. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to revise and extend projects relating to children and violence to provide access to school-based comprehen-sive mental health programs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
G
UTHRIE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. S HIMKUS , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. 
BURGESS ): 
H.R. 1212. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Communications Commission from reclassi-fying broadband Internet access service as a telecommunications service and from impos-ing certain regulations on providers of such service; to the Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for her-
self and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 1213. A bill to make administrative 
and technical corrections to the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1214. A bill to amend the Small Tracts 
Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small par-cels of National Forest System land to en-hance the management of the National For-est System, to resolve minor encroachments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. 
D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. BABIN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. 
GROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 1215. A bill to exempt certain 16- and 
17-year-old children employed in logging or mechanized operations from child labor laws; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. C
APU-
ANO, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. H INOJOSA ): 
H.R. 1216. A bill to require the Securities 
and Exchange Commission to carry out a pilot program to examine maker-taker pric-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. D OLD, Miss R ICEof New York, 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 1217. A bill to protect Second Amend-
ment rights, ensure that all individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, and provide a re-sponsible and consistent background check process; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY (for himself and 
Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 1218. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to treat certain amounts paid for physical activity, fitness, and exer-cise as amounts paid for medical care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 1219. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to convey certain land and ap-purtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Okla-homa, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. DENT (for himself, Mr. P
AYNE , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. C OURTNEY ): 
H.R. 1220. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screen-ing tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screen-ing; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself, Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. 
WENSTRUP ): 
H.R. 1221. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to cover physician serv-ices delivered by podiatric physicians to en-sure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to ap-propriate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.025 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1566 March 3, 2015 
requirements for diabetic shoes to be in-
cluded under Medicare, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ESTY (for herself, Mr. B
RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 1222. A bill to amend chapter 21 of 
title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligi-bles for treatment in the civil service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1223. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent the retroactive claim of the earned income tax credit after issuance of a social security number; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ): 
H.R. 1224. A bill to require the exercise of 
clean-up call options under securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-poration and to prohibit any new mortgage- backed securities issued by such Corporation or the Federal National Mortgage Associa-tion from containing provisions for a clean- up call option, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1225. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow certain hos-pitals in Puerto Rico to qualify for incen-tives for adoption and meaningful use of cer-tified EHR Technology under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.R. 1226. A bill to amend the Individuals 
with Disabilities Education Act to clarify the maintenance of effort requirement for local educational agencies; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. 
C
OOK, and Mr. M ULVANEY ): 
H.R. 1227. A bill to authorize a pilot pro-
gram in the Department of Defense to en-hance efforts to provide job placement as-sistance and related employment services di-rectly to members of the National Guard and Reserves and veterans of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1228. A bill to limit United States as-
sistance to Bosnia and Herzegovina until Bosnia and Herzegovina is in compliance with the state borders established by the Conference on Yugoslavia Arbitration Com-mission; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
J
ONES ): 
H.R. 1229. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-
ernization and Reform Act of 2012 to provide guidance and limitations regarding the inte-gration of unmanned aircraft systems into United States airspace, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 1230. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to adjust the calculation of av-erage pay for purposes of Federal civilian an-nuities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HOYER (for himself, Mr. V
AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
BEYER , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK ): 
H. Con. Res. 21. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H. Con. Res. 22. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. L EE, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
ESTY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. F ARR, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. H AHN, Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L ORET -
TA SANCHEZ of California, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
KIND, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas, Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. K EATING , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana): 
H. Res. 137. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Women’s His-tory Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. 
P
EARCE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , and Mrs. H ARTZLER ): 
H. Res. 139. A resolution condemning vio-
lence against religious minorities in the Middle East and any actions that limit the free expression and practice of faith by these minorities; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California): 
H. Res. 140. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of August 2015 as ‘‘Blue Star Mothers of America Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. B
URGESS , 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and 
Ms. M OORE ): H. Res. 141. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Multiple Sclerosis Aware-ness Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mrs. DAVIS of California introduced a 
bill (H.R. 1231) for the relief of Flavia Maboloc Cahoon; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 1208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amend-ment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 1209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, Section Eight, Clause Three 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: 
H.R. 1211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 ‘‘necessary and proper’’ 
clause. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H.R. 1213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which grants Congress the authority to make laws governing the commerce among several states, including employment dis-crimination laws. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 1214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L03MR7.100 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1567 March 3, 2015 
By Mr. LABRADOR: 
H.R. 1215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which gives 
Congress the authority, ‘‘To Regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 1218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 1219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8 which allows Congress to regulate trade amongst the Indian Tribes. 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 which grants Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting . . . Property belonging to the United States. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 1220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 1221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Ms. ESTY: 
H.R. 1222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: 
H.R. 1223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for this bill is 
pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PERLMUTTER: 
H.R. 1224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 1225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the U.S. ter-
ritories, as enumerated in Article IV, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.R. 1226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 1229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.. 
By Mr. WESTERMAN: 
H.R. 1230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 1. General Welfare 
Clause. 
The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mrs. DAVIS of California: 
H.R. 1231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 93: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 156: Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 213: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 223: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 228: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 239: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B EYER , Mr. W ALZ, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Ms. E STY, Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K IND, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
NADLER , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 284: Mr. W HITFIELD and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 335: Mr. B EYER and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 348: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 531: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
KILMER , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 572: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 579: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 592: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 624: Ms. M OORE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. E LLISON , and Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 625: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 650: Mr. D UFFY , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
WHITFIELD . 
H.R. 662: Mr. B LUM, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 699: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 700: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 707: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 721: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. R OSS, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 756: Ms. D UCKWORTH and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 767: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 769: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 774: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 775: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 776: Mr. S CHOCK . 
H.R. 835: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 836: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. 
FLORES . 
H.R. 842: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE . 
H.R. 843: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 846: Ms. P ELOSI and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 855: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 869: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 874: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 879: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 882: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 885: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 887: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 893: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, 
Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mrs. 
BLACK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C LAWSON of Flor-
ida, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. K USTER , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. R ICH-
MOND , and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 921: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 928: Mrs. R OBY, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 932: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. V EASEY , and 
Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 935: Mr. T EDLIEUof California and 
Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 940: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S CALISE , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. 
TOMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 953: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 955: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 971: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 975: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 976: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. H ILL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.022 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1568 March 3, 2015 
H.R. 1000: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1051: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. J ONES , Mr. P OMPEO , and Mr. 
HUELSKAMP . 
H.R. 1063: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1077: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1078: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 1094: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. D UFFY , 
and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1095: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1105: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. C OOK, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and 
Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 1143: Mr. R YAN of Ohio and Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. I SSA, Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1149: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1162: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1173: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1179: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1185: Mr. B URGESS and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1188: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1198: Ms. K USTER . 
H.J. Res. 22: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.J. Res. 29: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.J. Res. 32: Mr. O LSON . 
H. Res. 12: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H. Res. 15: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 102: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 109: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. B URGESS . 
H. Res. 122: Ms. S LAUGHTER . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative G RAYSON , or a designee, to H.R. 
1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative D
ONNA F. E DWARDS , or a des-
ignee, to H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Re-form Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR7.020 H03MRPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1223 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 2015 No. 36 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:45 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, let the moments and 
hours of this day reverberate with the sounds of Your unfolding providence. May our Senators hear You working throughout their deliberations, trans-forming the discordant into the harmo-nious. May Your unseen presence en-able them to discern the direction that they should take, as they seek to heed Your instructions and follow Your commands. As they fellowship with You, give them discomfort with easy answers, half truths, and superficial re-lationships. Lord, inspire them to be-lieve that they can make a difference in this world. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
BOOZMAN ). The majority leader is rec-
ognized. 
f 
AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF 
ESCORT COMMITTEE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Presi-dent of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representa-tives to escort His Excellency Ben-
jamin Netanyahu into the House Chamber for the joint meeting at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, March 3, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER’S 
ADDRESS TO CONGRESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
later this morning, the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will de-liver an important address to Congress. Members of both parties extend a warm welcome to him. 
This leader is a great friend of our 
country, and his visit comes at a crit-ical moment in the relations between our countries. 
The Prime Minister’s address coin-
cides with an increasingly aggressive Iranian campaign to expand its sphere of influence across the Middle East. It represents a threat to both of our coun-tries, it represents a threat to mod-erate Sunni allies, and it represents a threat to the international community at large. 
That is why Prime Minister 
Netanyahu is here today. He is ideally suited to explain the multitude of chal-lenges this presents—including the threat of an Iran with nuclear weapons capability—and how our countries can address them jointly. 
So we are glad the Prime Minister is 
here with us today. We will be listening closely to what he has to say. 
I hope the Obama administration will 
be listening, too, because this visit isn’t about personalities, it is about doing what is best for both of our coun-tries, and here some context is impor-tant. 
As it has been since its founding, 
Israel is in a constant state of existen-tial crisis. It is continuously threat-ened by terrorists, such as Hezbollah and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, who work every day to see a democratic Israel destroyed. Israel’s leaders wake every morning knowing that with just 
one wrong decision, it could be their last in an open and tolerant democ-racy. That is the frame through which the Israelis approach their national se-curity policy. 
Here is the frame the Obama admin-
istration uses: It formulates policy 
with two objectives in mind—fulfilling political campaign promises made back in 2008 and pursuing politically expe-dient solutions to whatever stands in the way of the first objective. We can see the basis for tension right there. 
For me, there are two bookends that 
define President Obama’s foreign pol-icy. 
The Executive orders that attempted 
to close Guantanamo without a cred-ible plan for what to do with its detain-ees, and to essentially end our ability to capture, detain, and interrogate ter-rorists, regardless of the threats that remain for our country, represent one bookend. 
The President’s push to withdraw all 
combat forces from Iraq and Afghani-stan by the end of his term, regardless of the threats posed by the Taliban or the senior leadership of Al Qaeda, rep-resents the other bookend. 
The politics-above-policy approach 
mystifies allies such as Israel. You can see it in many other decisions too—for instance, the President’s failure to ne-gotiate an agreement with Iraq for a residual military force that may have prevented the assault by ISIL. Instead, as threats from Al Qaeda and affiliated groups metastasized, the President fo-cused on unwinding or reversing past policies through Executive order. Uprisings in North Africa and the broader Middle East resulted in addi-tional ungoverned space in Syria, Libya, and Yemen. The capital of Yemen is now occupied by the Houthi militia, and the Yemenis are no more ready to detain the terrorists at Guan-tanamo today than they were in 2009. 
What has the President’s response to 
all this been? To draw down our con-ventional forces and capabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.000 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1224 March 3, 2015 
Even as China and Russia have grown 
more belligerent, the President sees no need to reverse the harmful damage of the defense cuts he has insisted upon. He sees no need to rebuild our conven-tional and nuclear forces. 
He sees no need to accept that leav-
ing behind residual forces in Iraq and Afghanistan represents an effective means by which to preserve the stra-tegic gains we have made over the years, through tremendous sacrifice. 
The President has always assumed 
the role of Commander in Chief with great reluctance. That is particularly true of his dealings with Iran. For years, Iran has continued to enrich uranium. For years, Iran has refused to come clean to the IAEA. But ending Iran’s nuclear weapons program has never fit neatly between the adminis-tration’s policy bookends. 
The President believed he could ex-
tend a hand of friendship and bring the Supreme Leader to the table. Even though that approach failed, the Presi-dent now seems determined to conclude an agreement with Iran that would leave it with a threshold nuclear capa-bility. It is an agreement that could allow Iran to retain thousands of cen-trifuges, master the nuclear fuel cycle, advance ballistic missile research and testing, and keep secret any possible military dimensions of nuclear devel-opment that have already occurred. 
The administration has pursued 
these negotiations not as part of an overall strategy to end Iran’s nuclear program, but as a stand-alone matter of litigation where a settlement must be reached. This negotiation should not be about getting the best deal that the Iranians will agree to, it should be about the strategic objective of ending Iran’s nuclear weapons program. To do this, the administration must be com-mitted to using force if negotiations fail. 
The strategic ambiguity of leaving 
‘‘all options on the table’’ has never been convincing, and the administra-tion refused to work with Congress on developing a sanctions and declaratory military response should negotiations fail. It is unlikely that this Congress could be convinced to lift sanctions ab-sent a complete disclosure on the part of the Iranians of all previous research conducted in pursuit of a nuclear de-vice. 
And this gets back to the differences 
between the perspective of the Israeli government concerning Iran’s nuclear capability and those of the Obama ad-ministration. 
Iran is pursuing full spectrum 
warfighting capabilities to wage war against Israel, the United States, and our Sunni allies in the region. 
Iran is developing cyber capabilities 
to harass and harm its adversaries, bal-listic missile capabilities, and conven-tional capabilities to deny United States warships access to the Persian Gulf. 
Iran remains a state sponsor of ter-
ror. Tehran also continues to push ever 
deeper into Iraq. 
In its fight within Iraq, Iran’s proxy 
Shia militias have gained valuable combat experience on the ground to add to the terrorist tactics of employ-ing IEDs that were perfected against United States forces. The withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq not only led to the abandonment of the Sunni tribes which had allied with us in Anbar Province, it led to a greater reliance upon the Iranians by the Baghdad gov-ernment. 
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard 
Corps and the Qods Force are expand-ing their command and control and combat capabilities in Iraq and Syria and gaining valuable warfighting les-sons. 
The Qods force and Hezbollah are 
mastering an expeditionary fighting capability that should concern Israel, the United States, and our Sunni al-lies. The Iranians are natural allies of the Houthi militias in Yemen. 
Setting aside the nuclear program, 
from a perspective of strategy, the Ira-nians are advancing across the region in all other aspects of warfighting. All of this has occurred while sanctions have been in place and the price of oil has declined. 
From the perspective of any Israeli 
Prime Minister, Iran’s advances have occurred while the terrorist presence in the Sinai has grown, the Nusrah front and ISIL are present in Syria, and Libya has become a terrorist training ground. 
Because the administration has all 
but conceded the Iranian nuclear en-richment capability, Israel has grown more isolated. It has come to under-stand that it may have to act alone. Yet rather than ending Iran’s nuclear weapons program, President Obama’s objective seems to be to defer any deci-sion about the use of force to one of his successors. That may be politically ex-pedient, but it is inconsistent with the national security requirements of Israel. 
I say all this to underline the impor-
tance of the Prime Minister’s address this morning. 
We have seen the results of a politics- 
above-all foreign policy now for several years: It leaves our Nation strategi-cally weaker, and will make challenges faced by the President’s successor all the more difficult. 
Israel has seen this too. Israel knows 
it may well be the first to suffer if the Obama White House makes another flawed political decision, but Ameri-cans should understand it is not just Israel that needs to worry. We should be concerned by a nuclear Iran. The whole world should be concerned by a nuclear Iran, and the Prime Minister is going to help explain why that is. For Israel’s sake and ours, I for one am 
very glad he is. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is recognized. LYNCH NOMINATION 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, today 
marks the 115th day since President Obama announced he was nominating Loretta Lynch to be Attorney General of the United States. That makes her the longest pending Attorney General nominee in more than four decades. 
The Senate Judiciary Committee re-
ported her nomination favorably last week. So what is the wait? Why can’t we get this woman approved? It ap-pears we are not going to this week. 
She has a spotless record and creden-
tials that are above reproach. There is absolutely no reason she should have to wait any longer for confirmation. Our Nation needs an Attorney General. Each day that passes without Ms. Lynch’s nomination being confirmed is yet another testimony to Republicans’ inability to govern. 
f 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS 
BOARD 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, last Decem-
ber, rightfully, the National Labor Re-lations Board voted to make important changes to union election procedures. Their rule changes are good for work-ers and businesses. They modernize the election process and help prevent delays and frivolous litigation. 
I am sure there are some businesses 
that oppose this, but I haven’t found them. This is simply a problem that has been engendered by the Repub-licans in the Senate. They are trying to roll back these reforms instead of supporting the rights of workers. The reforms they made are so basic, such as using email and using other processes such as a fax machine and using the employers’ records, not the unions’ records. 
Later this afternoon the Senate will 
consider a Republican-introduced reso-lution of disapproval which seeks to undo the NLRB’s rules changes. This is yet another sad reminder of how little regard Republicans have for the Amer-ican worker. 
Last year we saw Republicans vote 
against an increase in the minimum wage, as well as legislation that would ensure American women get the same pay for doing the same work as men. Republicans in Congress I don’t think get it. 
We are in this building, in this Cham-
ber, to help the American people and want to work to make sure businesses are prosperous, but we also can’t lose sight of the fact that workers are what makes the businesses profitable. 
So if you are for American workers 
and the families they support, then prove it with your vote on this resolu-tion. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.033 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1225 March 3, 2015 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 10:30 a.m., with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and the ma-jority controlling the first half. 
The Senator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I under-
stand the time is equally divided be-tween now and 10:30. Is there sufficient time for the Republican Senator to use 20 minutes? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
would be 18 minutes on each side. 
Mr. DURBIN. Then I have no objec-
tion to how the Senators choose to use that time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER 
NETANYAHU 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
here this morning to engage in a col-loquy with the good Senator from South Carolina. We will be joined by the Senators from New Hampshire and Kentucky and perhaps the Senator from Arizona. 
The purpose of the colloquy is to wel-
come Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning—who will be speaking in front of Congress—and to talk about why it is so important he is joining us today. 
In a few moments we will hear re-
marks from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the House Chamber and welcome him to Congress to affirm the friendship between the people of the United States and the people of Israel and to assess the threats facing our two democracies. 
Actually, today’s speech is not un-
usual. This is the 115th time that a for-eign leader has addressed a joint ses-sion of Congress. This is the seventh time an Israeli Prime Minister will ad-dress a joint session of Congress. It is Prime Minister Netanyahu’s third ad-dress to Congress. 
It is not surprising we are hearing 
from the leader of our ally, Israel. Israel is a democracy in a neighbor-hood of authoritarian governments. Prime Minister Netanyahu speaks the language of freedom with us today. There can be no doubt of his passion on behalf of the people he represents and that makes us take his message very seriously. 
So this joint session is not unusual 
nor surprising, but that does not mean that it is unimportant. In fact, today’s speech is profoundly important. The partnership between the United States and Israel is critical for the security of the Middle East and the world. We need a strong U.S.-Israeli partnership to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. We need a strong U.S.-Israeli 
partnership to stand against the extre-mism that is ripping apart nations across the Middle East. We need a strong U.S.-Israeli partnership to dem-onstrate the value of democracy, human rights, and the rule of law for societies that are no longer satisfied with dictatorships. 
For all of these reasons it is good to 
have Prime Minister Netanyahu here today. It is good to reaffirm the bond between Israelis and Americans, and it is good to join hands again with an ally to stand against tyranny and extre-mism. I look forward to hearing from the Prime Minister because views di-rectly from Israel are extremely impor-tant. 
Since its birth in 1948, Israel has 
faced one security threat after another. Israel’s strength and vitality in the face of these threats are a testament to the ability of its people and its leaders to head off threats to security before they become impossible to overcome. There is no substitute for the Israeli view of security in the Middle East and the Iranian threat in particular. 
So today represents an important 
moment to learn how Israel sees its own security and understand the next steps for the U.S.-Israeli partnership. 
I now turn to my colleague from 
South Carolina and ask for his com-ments about this important speech from the Prime Minister of Israel today. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate being on the floor with the Senator from North Dakota who has been very involved in trying to secure America against a variety of threats. 
I will get to the heart of the matter. 
Some people feel the Prime Minister should not be here at this time because in a couple weeks there will be an elec-tion in Israel. They have a parliamen-tary system. They do things dif-ferently—they vote for parties, not people—and they are having a real con-test over there about who should be in charge and what coalitions will lead Israel. 
I have a very simple comment: That 
is for Israelis to decide. They decide who they want to run their country. They can vote for the party or groups of people who they think best represent their view of Israel. That is their busi-ness, not mine. My business is to try to find out what is best for America when it comes to defending our Nation. That is why all of us are on the floor today. 
I don’t think I can adequately do my 
job if I don’t hear from the Prime Min-ister of Israel, if he is willing to talk to me. Some people may be able to do that. God bless you. 
If someone feels as though now is the 
time to boycott this speech, if they want to send a message about politics in Israel, be my guest. I am going to be at this speech to try to learn what to do regarding America and Israel con-cerning the nuclear threat. 
Why do I think it is important for me 
to be there? I can’t think of a better voice to tell me what would happen in 
the region if we get a bad deal with the Iranians. 
Israel is in the crosshairs of the Ira-
nian ayatollahs—has been for decades— threatening to destroy the State of Israel. I want to hear from the people on the ground, Israel in particular, as to what a good deal would look like and what a bad deal would look like. I want to hear from the Prime Minister of Israel the consequences of a bad deal. 
As to me, I do not trust this adminis-
tration to negotiate a good deal, but maybe I am wrong; and the best way to find out is for Congress to look at the deal. If it is a good deal, I will vote for it, because the Arabs and Israelis will tell us if this is something we can live with. At the end of the day a good deal is a blessing for the world, and a bad deal is a nightmare. 
(Mr. COTTON assumed the Chair.) So to the good Senator from North 
Dakota, I not only welcome the Prime Minister of Israel to speak to Congress, I am looking forward to it, because I hope to learn something that would make me a better Senator regarding our own national security. The only thing I can tell the American people without any hesitation—ISIL is a threat to us, a threat to the region. They are the most barbaric terrorist organization roaming the globe today. They represent a direct threat to our homeland. But the threat they rep-resent is a distant second to Iran hav-ing a nuclear weapon. That ought to tell you a lot about how I feel. If I can watch TV, as you do every night, and see what ISIL is doing to Christians and others throughout the region and say that is secondary to Iran, I hope that means something. It means a lot to me. Because if Iranians get a nu-clear weapon, then every Arab in the region who can afford one is going to get a nuclear weapon, and we are on our way to Armageddon. 
North Korea in the making is what I 
worry about. The same people who are negotiating this deal were negotiating the North Korean deal. Congress was absent. Now it is time for Congress to be involved and say whether this is a good deal. I have legislation with Sen-ator C
ORKER and six Democrats and six 
Republicans asking that Congress re-view any deal, and I would be curious to see what the Prime Minister thinks about that. 
So in summary, this would be the 
most important decision we make as a body, how to deal with the Iranian nu-clear threat. This will be the most im-portant issue I will deal with as a U.S. Senator, and I have been here almost 20 years. The consequence of a bad deal is an absolute nightmare. 
If you were to relieve the sanctions 
tomorrow and gave the Iranians the money they were due under sanction relief, do you think they would build schools and hospitals or would they continue to pour money into their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.002 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1226 March 3, 2015 
military to disrupt the region and con-
tinue to build ICBMs? As I speak, with-out a nuclear weapon Iran is leading an offensive today in Iraq. And I know the Presiding Officer of the Senate was a ranger, an infantryman in Iraq. Could you ever imagine in your wildest dreams that the Iraqi security forces are marrying up with Shia militia and Suleimani, the head of the Revolu-tionary Guard is on the ground in Iraq leading the efforts, and we are sitting on the sidelines? You talk about a screwed-up foreign policy. 
Are we going to let eight guys nego-
tiate with Iran—the people who brought you Iraq and Syria and the mess you see in the region? You feel good enough about them doing a deal with the Iranians that you don’t even look at the deal yourself? This is be-yond screwed up, and the worst is yet to come. A bad deal. But, maybe the best is yet to come, a good deal. I don’t know. But I want to hear what Israel believes a good deal would look like. And if you don’t want to hear that, then, boy, we are on different planets as to the consequences of what is going on in the world today. 
With that, I would ask a question to 
the Senator from New Hampshire, who has been watching the Iranian behavior on the ground throughout the Middle East and the missile program in par-ticular, and ask her what are her con-cerns about Iran with extra money coming into the coffers in sanction re-lief? 
Ms. AYOTTE. I thank the Senator 
from North Dakota and the Senator from South Carolina. 
As I look at where we are right now— 
first of all, our support for Israel and our friendship with Israel—this has been a very strong bipartisan issue, and it is an issue that rightly crosses party lines because we share the same values, the relationship is very impor-tant, we share technology, we share in-telligence, and we share the concern that we do not want the world’s worst regime to obtain the world’s most de-structive weapon, and that is the Ira-nian regime. 
So I want to welcome Prime Minister 
Netanyahu to the Congress and very much listen to what he has to say, be-cause he comes to us in a very impor-tant time where the administration is negotiating a potential agreement with Iran. What we want most of all is that that agreement will end Iran’s nuclear program and be a real, verifiable, transparent agreement, because a good agreement is a blessing, a bad agree-ment is a nightmare. We have to hear from the Prime Minister of Israel, and I look forward to hearing what he has to say today about what a good agree-ment looks like. 
But make no mistake about why we 
must stop the Iranian regime from hav-ing a nuclear weapon. Because what they are doing around the world right now—they are the largest State spon-sor of terrorism in the world. They have essentially destabilized the Gov-ernment of Yemen through their sup-
port of the Houthis there. They have been supporting Hezbollah, a terrorist organization. They have been helping the Assad regime murder its own peo-ple. They have been participating in cyber attacks against our interests. This is a regime that has said they want to wipe Israel off the map. I can understand—and I want to hear from the Prime Minister of Israel—why the people of Israel would say ‘‘never again’’ when they hear those words. 
But make no mistake, this is not just 
about the security of Israel; this is about our security in the United States of America. They have called us ‘‘the great Satan,’’ and this is an issue that 
represents a threat to our core na-tional security interests, to allow state-sponsored terrorism to obtain the most destructive weapon in the world. That is a danger we cannot afford in our country. It is one of concern. It is important that we share with our strong ally, Israel. We need to do ev-erything we can in this Congress on a bipartisan basis to ensure that never happens. That is why I am honored to be a sponsor of bipartisan legislation that would give the Congress a say on this very important issue, because we worked together to put together some of the toughest sanctions that actually brought the Iranians to the negotiating table. We should not lift the sanctions that have been put together on a bipar-tisan basis without ensuring that this is a good agreement that will end their nuclear program. When I say end it, I don’t mean end it for a decade, I mean end it permanently, because Iran has been engaged in terrorist activity for longer than a decade. So this is some-thing we have to make sure is a trans-parent, verifiable agreement. 
I would also add we cannot have a 
situation where we have a splitup. There has been a discussion about a year breakout period in this agree-ment. I would like to hear what the Prime Minister thinks about that, be-cause my concern about that is this will lead to the situation my colleague from South Carolina talked about, where we have a Sunni-Shia nuclear arms race in the Middle East, where ev-eryone seeks to enrich uranium and to have a breakout period. That results in more proliferation of nuclear weapons in a way that makes the world less safe and endangers the United States of America. 
So today we welcome Prime Minister 
Netanyahu. I very much look forward to listening carefully to what he has to say. This is a bipartisan issue. This is about the security of the United States of America. This is obviously about our strong friendship with Israel. We are aligned in ensuring that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon and ensuring that we work together to stop their support of terrorism around the world, that we work together to end their ICBM program, which the estimates are they could hit the east coast of the United States of America by 2015 if they continue on this path. This is 
about us, this is about our relationship with Israel, and I very much look for-ward to hearing the Prime Minister today. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I wish 
to thank our colleague from New Hampshire and I would like to return to the Senator from South Carolina and pose a question. 
I have been a supporter of the strong 
sanctions the Senator put in place with the Kirk-Menendez legislation the Sen-
ator from South Carolina was very in-volved with. During these negotiations those sanctions have been relaxed by the administration, which I think is of great concern. I think the biggest de-terrent to Iran pursuing a nuclear weapon is the sanctions we put in place with our allies. 
So now as the administration nego-
tiates this agreement, my colleague from South Carolina and others on a bipartisan basis have put forward legis-lation requiring that that agreement would come to this body for an up-or- down vote. I would like him to describe that effort and why it is so important and why the speech today with the Prime Minister goes to the heart of that very important matter. 
Mr. GRAHAM. I think the legislation 
the Senator from North Dakota de-scribed is the most important thing we will do this year. The sanctions against Iran, congressionally created, were 100 to 0. Every Member of the Senate be-lieved the Iranians needed to be sanc-tioned for the mischief they have cre-ated and for their nuclear ambitions to stop their march toward a nuclear weapon. 
The administration objected, but 100 
Members of this body voted for those sanctions. If there is a deal with the Iranians, and I hope there is a good deal, the diplomatic solution to this problem is preferred by everyone. It is a simple concept. Before the sanctions Congress created can be lifted, Con-gress has to look at the deal and have a say. Under the 1, 2, 3 sections of the Atomic Energy Act there is a provision that allows for Congress to approve commercial nuclear deals between the United States and another country when nuclear technology is shared. We have done that 24 times, but Congress had to approve nuclear deals between the United States and other nations, including Russia, China, Argentina, and that rogue country called Canada. I can’t imagine wanting to look at a deal with Canada but not wanting to take a look at a deal with Iran. 
This bipartisan legislation is very 
simple. Any deal negotiated with the P5+1 will come to the Senate and the House to be disapproved—not approved. Now I did that to accommodate my Democratic colleagues. There is con-cern that with 54 Republicans that we hate Obama so much we would just re-ject the deal because we don’t like him. Well, I am not in that camp. I don’t like President Obama’s foreign policy, but I hope I am smart enough to under-stand that a good deal is a blessing. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.003 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1227 March 3, 2015 
would like to think I have some track 
record of doing what I think is best for the country. So if it is a good deal, Israel and the Arabs will tell us, and I will gladly vote to approve it. But the construct, I say to Senator H
OEVEN , is 
that to disapprove the deal, you have to get 60 votes. That means some Democratic colleagues have to join with Republicans to say this is not good enough, go back and try again. It is not that we want to end negotia-tions; we don’t want to legitimize an industrial-strength nuclear program that is on the verge of a breakout such as North Korea in the making. We are not going to sit on the sidelines where a deal is negotiated where they have thousands of centrifuges and the only thing between them and a nuclear breakout is the United Nations. That did not work well in North Korea. We are not going to do that again. 
So we are going to look at the deal. 
I think every Senator should want to look at the deal, and it allows your constituents to have a say. Not one person is having any input regarding the P5+1 talks. But if it comes back to the Congress, you have a person you can call. You can pick up the phone and call your Member of the House and Senate. You can say something about the deal because you are affected. It is not just Israel that is in the crosshairs of these people, it is us, the United States. 
I worry they would share the tech-
nology with a terrorist organization and it would work its way here. Name one weapon they developed that they haven’t shared with terrorists. This bi-partisan approach is sound. It is con-sistent with what we have done 24 dif-ferent times with other nations, and I hope we can have an overwhelming vote here soon. 
Do your best job. Let us look at it. If 
it is a good deal, we will vote yes, and if it is a bad deal we will vote no, and try harder to get another deal. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority’s time has expired. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for 30 seconds to wrap up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HOEVEN. I wish to thank my 
colleagues from South Carolina and New Hampshire. This is a bipartisan ef-fort to join with the administration, and on a matter of this importance I believe Congress must be involved. So, again, we appeal to our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join with us on this effort. 
I will conclude by saying we look for-
ward very much to having the Prime Minister speak to us this morning. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the 
information of the Senate, the Chair makes the following announcement: The President pro tempore of the 
Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, pursuant to the provi-sions of section 201(a)(2) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, have ap-pointed Dr. Homer Keith Hall as Direc-tor of the Congressional Budget Office, effective April 1, 2015, for the term ex-piring January 3, 2019. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
f 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER’S 
SPEECH TO CONGRESS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, at 11 
a.m. this morning there will be a his-toric joint session of Congress. Usually a leader from some other country speaking at a joint session of Congress doesn’t make history. It has happened over 100 times. I have attended many of those during the time I have served in the House and the Senate. What is his-toric about this session is that it was called unilaterally by the Republican Speaker of the House, J
OHN BOEHNER . 
Usually and consistently, joint sessions of Congress have been called on a bi-partisan basis and in most cases in-volve the administration and executive branch. In this case Speaker B
OEHNER  
made history his own way by saying he would announce a joint session of Con-gress welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel. 
I also checked with the Senate Histo-
rian, and it turns out there is another piece of history being made today. He can find no precedent where Members of Congress came forward from both the House and the Senate and an-nounced publicly they would not at-tend a joint session of Congress, and that has happened today. 
That is a personal and private deci-
sion by each Member of Congress as to whether they wish to attend the joint session this morning. I am going to at-tend it primarily because of my respect for the State of Israel and the fact that throughout my public career in the House and Senate, I have valued the bi-partisan support of Israel which I found in both the House and the Senate. 
I am proud that it was President 
Harry Truman—a Democrat—who was the first Executive in the world to rec-ognize the nation of Israel. I am proud that throughout history Democratic and Republican Presidents alike have supported the State of Israel, and I have tried to do the same as a Member of the U.S. House and Senate. 
This meeting with Prime Minister 
Netanyahu comes at an awkward mo-ment. He is 2 weeks away from a na-tional election in Israel. Some have questioned the timing of this. I will not raise that question because I don’t know the political scene in Israel. I don’t know if this visit helps him or hurts him, but it is, in fact, 2 weeks away from this important election. 
What we all agree on, I hope, both 
Democrats and Republicans, is one starting point: A nuclear Iran is unac-ceptable. We have to do everything we can to stop that possibility because it 
would invite an arms race in the Mid-dle East—many other countries would race to become nuclear powers, and that would be destabilizing—and also because we know the agenda of Iran. It has been engaged in terrorist activities throughout the Middle East and around the world. Putting a nuclear weapon in the hands of a country that is dedi-cated to terrorism is the kind of con-cern that I hope all of us share when we look to the future. 
As Democrats and Republicans gath-
er for the joint session, we are in com-mon purpose: to stop the development of a nuclear Iran. What troubles me greatly is the criticisms I have heard on this floor and in the past week or two about the Obama administration and this issue. President Obama has made it clear from the start that he is opposed to having a nuclearized Iran. In fact, it was President Obama, using his power as President, who has really brought together the sanctions regime that is working to bring Iran to the ne-gotiating table. He didn’t do it alone, as one of my colleagues from South Carolina noted. There were times when Congress wanted to push harder than the President. But we have to concede the obvious: Were it not for the Presi-
dent’s dogged determination, we would not have this alliance, this coalition imposing sanctions on Iran today that have made a difference and brought Iran to the negotiating table. Give President Obama credit for that. Whether it is Prime Minister Netanyahu or the Republicans, who are generally critical of the President, at least acknowledge the obvious. The President made his position clear that he opposes a nuclear Iran, and he made it clear that he would put his resources and energy into building a coalition to stop that possibility. 
Secondly, it is this President’s lead-
ership which has created the Iron Dome defense—the missile defense— which has protected Israel. That has been a very effective defense mecha-nism. I know that as chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, we appropriated hundreds of millions of dollars for that protection. President Obama initiated—if not initiated, was an early supporter of this effort and has funded it throughout his Presi-dency, and now it has kept Israel safe. I hope the Republicans and Prime Min-ister Netanyahu will give the adminis-tration credit for that effort to keep their nation safe. 
I will also say about negotiations 
that here is the reality: We have coun-tries around the world joining us in a regime to impose sanctions on Iran in order to bring Iran to the negotiating table, and they are there. The negotia-tions are at a delicate moment—lit-erally weeks away from seeing whether we can move forward. I hope they are successful. The President has said at best there is a 50/50 chance of success. It is just that challenging. But let’s consider what the alternative will be if negotiations fail. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.004 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1228 March 3, 2015 
First, if we can reach an agreement, 
we have to verify it. We can’t take the word of Iran. We need to make certain that when they promise they will de-stroy certain equipment, they will not go forward in developing a nuclear weapon, we can verify that. Without verification, the agreement is worth-less, and the President has said as 
much. 
Let’s assume the worst case: Either 
the negotiations break down or the verification proves Iran did not nego-tiate in good faith. What then is the al-ternative? Well, if the coalition that imposed the sanctions believes we made good-faith efforts to bring Iran to a peaceful place and they failed, then we can continue the sanctions regime and put more pressure on them to move forward to a good solution. But if there is a feeling among our coalition that we have not negotiated in good faith, that we didn’t make an honest effort to find common ground with Iran that avoids nuclearizing, we could lose the sanctions regime, and then it would become next to impossible to put the pressure on Iran to make them change. 
What the President is trying to do is 
to achieve through negotiations a peaceful end to this global challenge and secondly to make sure the sanc-tions regime—the countries that have joined us, P5+1 and others—will con-tinue to believe we are operating in good faith and continue to support us. The alternative is to allow Iran to de-velop a nuclear weapon. That is un-thinkable. If it starts to occur, there will be a military response, and it will be deadly. I don’t know the scope or nature of it. There is no way to guess. But we understand what it would mean if military action is taken against Iran because of the development of these nuclear weapons. 
Let me also say that I am consid-
ering and reviewing the so-called Corker-Menendez proposal that the Congress will review any agreement that is reached with the Iranians. I have not reached a decision yet be-cause I think it raises a serious and im-portant question of policy and the Con-stitution. We know that if we are deal-ing with a treaty, it is up to the Senate to step forward and approve such a treaty. But this is not a treaty; this is in the nature of an agreement. We have had nuclear arms agreements in the past that were not subject to congres-sional approval. We have had agree-ments on the environment and other issues that were not subject to congres-sional approval. I need to look and re-view carefully whether the Corker- Menendez legislation that has been proposed is a reasonable assertion of congressional authority. 
I will also add that it is obvious—and 
I wish to state it because it was raised as a question in the earlier comments— any congressionally imposed sanctions will require congressional action to suspend them. Ultimately, Congress has the last word on sanctions we have put into law. I don’t think there is any 
question about that. Those sanctions imposed by the executive branch the President may remove or change by Executive order should he choose, but the congressional authority to con-tinue sanctions or even propose new ones is not diminished by any agree-ment which is reached by the Presi-
dent. 
Earlier I listened to the majority 
leader as he came to the floor and spoke about a number of issues. I would like to address one of the issues he raised in criticism of the President. He criticized the President for pro-posing the closure of Guantanamo as a prison for those who we suspect are en-gaged in terrorism. The President’s po-sition on this has been very clear, and I have supported it for two reasons. First, we know Guantanamo has be-come a symbol around the world—a symbol which has been used against the United States when they want to recruit terrorists to attack our coun-try. I think Guantanamo has outlived its usefulness and should be closed. 
The second point is one that is very 
obvious. We have over 300 convicted terrorists currently serving their time in the existing Federal prison system. In Federal prisons across this Nation, including my State of Illinois, we have convicted terrorists who are reporting to their cells every day and are no threat to the community at large. They are being handled in a profes-sional, thoughtful way by the men and women who work for the Bureau of Prisons, and there has never been any question as to whether the terrorists in this system are somehow a threat to this country. In fact, they are well con-tained and have been for a long time. 
The alternative at Guantanamo is 
one that even fiscal conservatives ought to think about twice. We are currently spending up to $3 million per Guantanamo prisoner each year to in-carcerate them—almost $3 million a prisoner. What does it cost to keep the most dangerous prisoners in the Fed-eral prison system in the maximum se-curity prisons? No more than $60,000 a year—$60,000 to keep them in the Fed-eral prison system and $3 million to keep them in Guantanamo. It is 50 times the cost, if my calculations are correct. That suggests to me a horrible waste of money—money that could be better spent to keep America safe rath-er than maintain this symbol of Guan-tanamo. 
Secondly, an argument was made by 
the majority leader earlier that we made the mistake of bringing our troops home from Iraq and Afghani-stan. I disagree. This notion of a per-manent army of occupation by the United States in the Middle East is cer-tainly not one that I welcome. We need to encourage those countries—Iraq and Afghanistan—to develop their own ca-pacity to protect their own countries. The United States can be helpful. We can provide support. But ultimately we have to call on these countries to step forward and to defend themselves with 
our support so long as they are fighting the forces of terrorism. 
I see my colleague Senator M
ENEN -
DEZis on the floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ap-
preciate my distinguished colleague yielding some time to me. 
I rise in anticipation of the speech of 
our ally and our partner, Prime Min-ister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, to the soon-to-be joint meeting of Con-gress. 
I agree with many of my colleagues 
that the political timing of the Prime Minister’s speech to the Congress is a challenging one and one that didn’t de-rive itself under the best of cir-cumstances. But I also think very clearly that it is important to listen to what the elected leader of the people of Israel—the one true democracy in the Middle East, a major trading partner of the United States, a major security ally of the United States, and the one country most likely to be voting with us in common cause in international forums—has to say. 
There is a history here that I think 
drives the leader of the Jewish people to the circumstances in which he feels so passionately about the security of his country. If you traveled to Israel, as I have, and I think many Members here have as well, here is a country in which you can go from Tel Aviv to Je-rusalem on a good day in 45 minutes. It is a country which—if you fly its width, it would take just a couple of minutes. It is a country which has its back to the sea and which is sur-rounded by neighbors who, generally speaking, are hostile. It is a country whose people have a history in which there are those who have sought to an-nihilate them. Maybe we cannot fath-om those challenges, but those are the challenges of the people of Israel. So when you have an issue such as Iran’s march toward nuclear weapons, you have an understanding of why the peo-ple of Israel have a concern for the ex-istential threat that Iran, if it achieves nuclear weapons, is ultimately capable of creating. 
I have worked as hard as anyone else. 
As a matter of fact, I started my focus on Iran when I was in the House of Rep-resentatives and found out that the United States was sending voluntary contributions to the International Atomic Energy Administration beyond our membership dues to do what? To create operational capacity of the Bushehr nuclear facility—not in the national interest and security of the United States, not in the interest of our ally, the State of Israel, and I led a drive to stop those voluntary con-tributions. 
Since then—it has been almost 20 
years now—I have been following Iran’s march toward nuclear power, not for peaceful purposes—because, let’s be honest, a country that has one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.005 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1229 March 3, 2015 
world’s largest oil and other reserves 
doesn’t need nuclear power for domes-tic consumption, and because of what we clearly believe was the militariza-tion of its efforts at Parchin that, in fact, there were purposes that were not benign. 
We all hope for a deal. Although 
today when Foreign Minister Zarif said in response to President Obama’s com-ments that 10 years should be the min-imum timeframe for a deal, he—For-eign Minister Zarif—said that is unac-ceptable, illogical, and excessive, that is a problem. 
So I look forward to listening to 
what the Prime Minister has to say about the challenge to all of us—our national security and to Israel’s na-tional security—and to understand all of the dimensions, historical and other-wise, so we can conclude and make our own judgments. If Prime Minister Cam-eron can come here and lobby the Con-gress on sanctions, which is fine with me, then I think it is also fair to listen to what the Prime Minister of Israel has to say, and I look forward to hear-ing what he has to say. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
JOINT MEETING OF THE TWO 
HOUSES—ADDRESS BY THE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL 
RECESS  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:30 a.m., 
took a recess, and the Senate, preceded by the Secretary of the Senate, Julie E. Adams; the Deputy Sergeant at Arms, James Morhard; and the Presi-dent pro tempore (O
RRIN G. H ATCH ), 
proceeded to the Hall of the House of Representatives to hear an address de-livered by His Excellency Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
(The address delivered by the Prime 
Minister of Israel to the joint meeting of the two Houses of Congress is print-ed in the proceedings of the House of Representatives in today’s R
ECORD .) 
At 2:15 p.m., the Senate, having re-
turned to its Chamber, reassembled and was called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 625 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: A bill (S. 625) to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
morning Prime Minister Netanyahu laid out the threat posed by a nuclear Iran in very clear terms—not just to Israel, not just to the United States, but to the entire world. He reminded us that no deal with Iran is better than a bad deal with Iran. 
That seems to run counter to the 
Obama administration’s thinking on the issue, which is worrying enough. What is also worrying is its seeming determination to pursue a deal on its own, without the input of the people’s elected representatives. Remember, it was Congress that helped bring Iran to the table by putting sanctions in place, actually against—against—the wishes of the administration. 
Congress was right then. And Con-
gress and the American people need to be a part of this discussion too. That is why I am acting to place this bipar-tisan bill on the legislative calendar. It is legislation crafted by Members of both parties that would ensure the American people have a say in any deal. Senators C
ORKER , GRAHAM , and 
others worked on similar legislation, and they will mark that bill up in com-mittee. 
Congress must be involved in review-
ing and voting on an agreement reached between this White House and Iran, and this bill would ensure that happens. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD—MO-TION TO PROCEED 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Con-gressional Review Act, I move to pro-ceed to S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to rep-resentation case procedures, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
This motion is not debatable. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk (Sara Schwartzman) 
called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL) is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 66 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Blunt McCaskill 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will now report the joint resolu-tion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 8) providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case proce-dures. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to the Congressional Review Act, there will now be up to 10 hours for debate, equally divided between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolu-tion. 
The Senator from Tennessee is recog-
nized. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor today to discuss the Congressional Review Act resolu-tion that Senator M
CCONNELL , the Re-
publican leader, Senator E NZI, the Sen-
ator from Wyoming, and I have filed to stop a new National Labor Relations Board rule. Last December, the Na-tional Labor Relations Board issued a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:50 Jan 12, 2016 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAR 15\S03MR5.REC S03MR5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1230 March 3, 2015 
final rule that shortened the time be-
tween when pro-union organizers ask an employer for a secret ballot election and when that election actually takes place. 
I refer to this as the ‘‘ambush elec-
tion rule,’’ because it forces a union election before an employer has the chance to figure out what is going on. Even worse, it jeopardizes employees’ privacy by requiring employers to turn over employees’ personal information, including email addresses, phone num-bers, shift hours, and locations to union organizers. 
This action by the National Labor 
Relations Board, which increasingly has become a union advocate instead of umpiring disputes between employees and employers, has attracted enormous attention across this country. I have letters from the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the Coalition for a Democratic Workplace, the National Council of Chain Restaurants, the National Retail Federation, the Retail Industry Lead-ers Association, Associated Builders and Contractors, the American Lodg-ing and Hotel Association, HR Policy Association, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Society for Human Resource Management, the As-sociated General Contractors of Amer-ica—173 total organizations that have registered their deep concern about this ambush election rule. 
Senator E
NZIis already on the floor. 
He has for many years fought this bat-tle. We want the American people to understand why the ambush election rule is such a bad idea, why it is so un-fair to employers, forcing them to have a union election before they can figure out what is going on. For the same rea-son, it is unfair to employees. Employ-ees have to vote in a union election be-fore they have a chance to hear both sides. 
Here is how the procedure will work. 
If a majority of the Senate approves this resolution, it will then go to the House for a vote. If it passes both chambers, the President can veto the resolution. It will take two-thirds of the Senate to override that veto. 
If the NLRB’s new rule is dis-
approved, the Board cannot issue a sub-stantially similar rule without con-gressional approval. The question I would ask is: What is the rush? What is the problem here? Today, more than 95 percent of union elections occur within 56 days of the petition filing. But under this new rule, elections could take place in as few as 11 days. This rule will harm employers and employees alike. If you are an employer that is ambushed by that 11-day election, here is how it works. On day 1, you get a faxed copy of an election petition that has been filed at your local NLRB re-gional office stating that 30 percent of your employees support a union. 
The union may have already been 
quietly trying to organize for months without your knowledge. Your employ-ees have only been able to hear the union’s point of view. By day 2 or 3, you must publicly post an election no-
tice in your workplace. If you commu-nicate to your employees electroni-cally, you have to publish the notice online as well. By noon on day 7 you must file with the NLRB what is called a statement of position. This is a com-prehensive document in which an em-ployer sets out legal positions and claims in writing. Under the NLRB’s new rule, you waive your rights to use any legal arguments not raised in this document. So it should be pretty obvi-ous that by day 7 you will have to have a lawyer on hand. You probably need that lawyer on hand on day 2, and hopefully on day 1, because if you make any mistakes in the lead-up to the election, the NLRB might set aside the result and order a rerun election. Worse, if a bigger mistake is made, it could require an employer to automati-cally bargain with the union. 
Now think about the real world. At 
our hearing before the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, a representative of the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-nesses testified. She said there are 350,000 independent business owners in the NFIB, with an average of 10 em-ployees. So you have small businesses all over America. They do not sit around with labor lawyers; they do not have money to hire labor lawyers. They are expected to know in a day or two exactly what to do about a com-plicated petition before the NLRB be-cause of this ambush election rule that could cause the election to happen within 11 days. 
On day 7, you must also present the 
union and the NLRB with a list of pro-spective voters as well as their job classifications, shifts, and work loca-tions. 
Now if you are a business with five, 
six, seven, eight employees, you are going to be spending your time work-ing on this union matter. Your cus-tomers might want your services. They might want on-time deliveries. All of a sudden, you are running around trying to find a labor lawyer, trying to avoid making mistakes, so you can deal with this ambush election. 
On day 8, a pre-election hearing is 
held at the NLRB regional office and an election day is set. By day 10, the employer must present the union with a list of employee names, personal email addresses, personal cell phone numbers, and home addresses. You have to hand this information over, even if the employees object. 
Day 11 is the earliest day on which 
the NLRB can conduct the election under the new rule. The union has the power to postpone an election by an ad-ditional 10 days, but the employer has no corresponding power. The union has ambushed the employer and has the power to postpone the election, but the employer has no similar right. 
Under this new NLRB rule, before the 
hearing on day 8, an employer will have less than 1 week to do the fol-lowing things: Figure out what an election petition 
is. For most of those hundreds of thou-sands of small businesses with five, six, eight employees, they might have no idea what it is. 
Find legal representation. Finding a 
lawyer is not just a matter of looking in a phone book, it is a matter of find-ing a lawyer with whom you are com-fortable, whom you trust, and whom you know has some ability. That may take a while, particularly if you are not a large company and you are not accustomed to labor relations litiga-tion. 
Determine legal positions on the rel-
evant issues—learning what state-ments and actions the law permits and prohibits. 
Communicate with employees about 
the decision they are making. 
Correct any misstatements and false-
hoods that employees may be hearing from union organizers. 
As I mentioned earlier, making even 
the slightest mistake in the lead-up to an election can result in the NLRB set-ting aside the results and ordering a rerun election, or worse, when a bigger mistake is made, the Board could re-quire an employer to automatically bargain with the union. 
But it is the employees who stand to 
lose the most under the new rule. First, some of the employees may know what is going on before the union files its notice of an election. But all of the employees do not have a chance to hear both sides of the issue in an am-bush election. 
Second, because of the ambush, em-
ployees may have only heard half the story. Only 4.3 percent of union elec-tions occur more than 56 days after the petition is filed. The current median number of days between the filing of an election is 38 days. These figures are well within the NLRB’s own goals for timely elections. 
The unions won 64 percent of elec-
tions in 2013. In recent years the union win rate has actually been going up. What is the rush? Why is 38 days too long? It is well within the NLRB’s own goals and unions are winning more elections than they lose. 
Let’s turn to 1959, when a former 
Member of this body, Senator John F. Kennedy, warned against rushing em-ployees into elections in a debate over amendments to the National Labor Re-lations Act. This is what he said: 
There should be at least a 30-day interval 
between the request for an election and the holding of the election in which both parties can present their viewpoints. 
Senator John F. Kennedy, April 21, 
1959. 
If Senator Kennedy thought 30 days 
was approximately right, if 38 days is the mean today, and if that is within the NLRB’s own goals, why the rush? Why the push for an ambush election? Why have an election that can be set in 11 days before employers and employ-ees know what is going on? 
When a workplace is unionized, espe-
cially in a State that has no right-to- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.011 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1231 March 3, 2015 
work law, employees have dues money 
taken out of every paycheck whether they like it or not. They lose the abil-ity to deal directly with their employ-ers to address concerns or ask for a promotion or a raise. Instead, employ-ees have to work through the union. Important considerations, such as which of their fellow employees will be included in a bargaining unit, will no longer be determined before the elec-tion. As the two dissenting members of the NLRB put it when this rule was de-cided: Employees will be asked to ‘‘vote now, understand later.’’ 
I wish to emphasize what the employ-
ees are losing, in addition to the oppor-tunity to fully understand the election before them. Employees are losing their privacy, because the rule requires employers to hand over employees’ per-sonal email addresses, cell phone num-bers, shift hours and locations, job classifications, even if the employees have made clear they do not want to be contacted by union organizers. 
Some on the other side say: It is the 
modern age. But I would say that in the modern age our privacy is as-saulted from every side. We should be even more careful about rushing an election and releasing personal infor-mation. Employers should not have to hand over employees’ personal email address, cell phone numbers, shift loca-tions, and job classifications just be-cause a petition is filed by 30 percent of the employees. Many employees may have no interest in creating a union. 
This rule appears to be a solution in 
search of a problem. It is clear to see it is wrong, and that is why Senators E
NZI, MCCONNELL , and I are asking the 
Senate to disapprove it today and pro-hibit the NLRB from issuing any simi-lar rule. 
I will come back to the floor during 
our debate time to talk about how this rule is part of the National Labor Rela-tions Board’s attempt to become more advocate than umpire. That is the rea-son Senator M
CCONNELL and I have in-
troduced legislation that would change the National Labor Relations Board back from an advocate to an umpire by doing three things. First, it would end partisan advocacy by creating a six- member board of three Republicans and three Democrats where a majority would require both sides to find middle ground. Second, the legislation would rein in the general counsel. Businesses and unions would be able to challenge complaints filed by the general counsel in Federal district court. Third, it would encourage timely decisions. Ei-ther party in a case before the Board may appeal to the Federal court of ap-peals if the Board fails to reach a deci-sion within 1 year. 
When I come back to the floor I will 
also talk about the joint employer standard and the NLRB’s decision to destroy more than 700,000 American franchise businesses. These men and women operate health clubs, barber-shops, auto parts shops, childcare cen-ters, neighborhood restaurants, music stores, cleaning services, and much 
more. 
Combine the attack on franchises 
with the ambush election rule and an NLRB decision allowing micro- unions—where unions target small units in a large company—and we see there is a consistent trend by unions and their friends in the NLRB to tip the balance in ways never intended by the creators of the National Labor Re-lations Act. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
is supposed to be an umpire, not an ad-vocate. If there ever was an example of unfairness and tipping the balance in a single direction, it would be the am-bush election rule. The rule allows union organizers to ambush an unsuspecting company and force an election in 11 days—before the em-ployer and its employees have time to figure out what is going on. 
In conclusion, I think Senator Ken-
nedy’s advice is good advice to follow. Much has changed since 1959, but fair-ness, balance, and giving everyone a chance to have an opportunity to know what is going on have not. Senator Kennedy thought 30 days was about right, and 38 days is the mean today. This ambush election rule would re-duce it to 11. 
That is the wrong thing to do, and I 
hope the majority in the Senate agrees with me on that. I hope the House agrees with us on that. I hope the President will agree with us on that. If he vetoes it, as he has said today he will, then I hope a majority of both parties will speak up for employers and employees in the United States and say no ambush elections for us. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Wash-
ington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I be-
lieve that real long-term economic growth is built from the middle out, not from the top down, and our govern-ment has a role to play in investing in working families, making sure they have the opportunity to work hard and succeed and offering a hand up to those who want to climb the economic ladder and provide a better life for themselves and their families. Our government and our economy should be working for all families, not just the wealthiest few. 
Thankfully, we have had the oppor-
tunity to put some policies into place over the past few years that have pulled our economy back from the brink and have started moving us in the right direction. We are not there yet, but across the country businesses have now added almost 12 million new jobs over 59 straight months of job growth, including almost 1 million manufacturing jobs. The unemploy-ment rate is now under 6 percent. Health care costs are growing at their lowest rate in almost 50 years, while millions more families have access to affordable coverage. The Federal budg-et deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds since President Obama took office. Although some Repub-
licans are now threatening to bring this back, we have been able to move away from the constant tea party-driv-en crisis and uncertainty that was de-stroying jobs and holding our economy back. 
We are headed in a good direction, 
and I am proud of the policies we fought for that helped us get here, but we have a whole lot more to do. Over the past few decades, working families have seen their incomes stagnate while the cost of living and health care and education has continued to go up. For most workers, wages have stayed flat or have fallen over the past five dec-ades. According to the National Em-ployment Law Project, from 2009 to 2013 hourly wages declined by 3.4 per-cent. During that time low- and mid- wage workers experienced greater de-clines than higher wage workers. That means that across our country today too many families are struggling to make ends meet on rock-bottom wages and poor working conditions on the job. 
While the middle class’s share of 
America’s prosperity is at an alltime low, the biggest corporations have posted record profits. Congress should be working on ways to build an econ-omy that works for all of our families, not just those at the top. Unfortu-nately, once again, instead of standing up for workers, my Republican col-leagues are rushing to the defense of the biggest corporations that have an interest in keeping wages low and de-nying workers a voice to improve their workplace. 
Workers have a right to decide 
whether they want union representa-tion. To ensure they are able to exer-cise that right, the National Labor Re-lations Board—or the NLRB—helps to make sure workers have a fair up-or- down vote. 
Unfortunately, too often big corpora-
tions take advantage of loopholes in the current election process to delay a vote on union representation. Unneces-sary litigation and excessive delays threaten the rights of workers who want to have a free and fair election. In too many cases big corporations take advantage of every possible oppor-tunity and wasteful legal hurdle— sometimes on small technicalities— just to delay a vote. 
Sometimes the confrontation and 
hostility during the election process can be extreme. A study from the Cen-ter for Economic and Policy Research found that among workers who openly advocate for a union during an election campaign one in five is fired. Bureau-cratic delays make the problem worse. Another study—this one from UC Berkeley—found the longer the delay before an election, the more likely the NLRB will charge employers with at-tempts to tamper with the vote. 
What is clear from that research is 
that delays only create more barriers that deny workers their right to orga-nize a union. The NLRB was absolutely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.012 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1232 March 3, 2015 
right to carry out its mission to review 
and streamline its election process and to bring down those barriers for work-ers to get a fair vote because it is clear the current system is outdated and vul-nerable to abuse. 
As I have mentioned, the current 
election process is overburdened by un-necessary and wasteful litigation which drags out elections and puts workers’ rights on hold. Not only that, the election process for one region of the country can be substantially dif-ferent from another region, and that adds to inefficiencies and a lot of con-fusion. 
Workers have the right to vote on 
union representation in elections that are efficient and free from unnecessary delays and wasteful stall tactics. So after a very rigorous review process, in December of last year, the NLRB made reforms to their election procedures. These updates will make modest but important changes to modernize and streamline the process. They will re-duce unnecessary litigation on issues that will not affect the outcome of the election. The new reforms will bring the election process into the 21st cen-tury by letting employers and unions file forms electronically. They will allow the use of more modern forms of communication to employees through their cell phones and their emails. 
It is important to note that in many 
regions the NLRB has already adopted some of these much needed reforms to the election process, so we know this can work. These reforms will simply standardized the best practices for the election process across regions, which will help all sides—all sides—know what to expect during the process to promote uniformity and predictability. 
These changes aren’t just good for 
the workers, but they are good for em-ployers by streamlining the process when workers file a petition to have an election on whether to join a union, and the reforms will make sure all sides have the information they need. 
I have laid out the improvements the 
new reforms will make, but let’s talk about what these guidelines will not do. The new process does not require elections to be held within any specific timeframe. I want to repeat that be-cause it is important. Contrary to what some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are arguing, these new guidelines do not require elections to be held within any specific timeframe. Not only that, but this rule does not in any way prevent companies from com-municating their views about unioniza-tion. Employers are able to commu-nicate extensively with their employ-ees about union issues, and these re-forms do nothing to stop that. Employ-ers would still be able to talk with their workers about what a union would mean for their company. 
The reforms simply make some com-
monsense updates to create a fair op-portunity for workers to decide if they want union representation, but some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle take great offense to these mod-
est changes. Instead of standing up for workers across the country who are struggling with stagnant wages and poor working conditions, Republicans have chosen to challenge these com-monsense reforms with a resolution of disapproval, and that is why we are here today. 
Instead of talking about how to cre-
ate jobs and help working families who are struggling, Republicans would rather roll back workers’ rights to gain a voice at the bargaining table. The Republicans’ attempt to stop this rule through a resolution would have major consequences for businesses, for unions, and workers who want a fair election process. 
Passing the resolution would not 
only prevent the NLRB from imple-menting these commonsense reforms, but this resolution would take the drastic step of also preventing the NLRB from adopting any similar elec-tion rules in the future. So the out-dated election process that leads today 
to frivolous litigation and delays would remain frozen in time without further congressional action. 
Let us be clear. This rule is simply 
about reducing unnecessary litigation and allowing the use of cell phones and email. I have heard some of my col-leagues call this frontier justice. Ev-eryone else calls it the 21st century. 
By law workers have the right to join 
a union so they can have a voice in the workplace. That is not an ambush, it is their right. It is guaranteed by the Na-tional Labor Relations Act and by the First Amendment of our Constitution. So when workers want to vote on whether to form a union, they aren’t looking for special treatment, they are simply trying to exercise their basic right. We, as a nation, should not turn our back on empowering workers through collective bargaining, espe-cially because that is the very thing that has helped so many workers climb into the middle class. Workers having a 
seat at the bargaining table is very critical to America’s middle class. When more workers can stand up for their rights or wage increases or mak-ing sure their workplaces are safer or they have access to health care, those things get better for them. 
In short, Americans are better able 
to share in the economic prosperity they have earned through their hard work. It is no coincidence that when union membership was at its peak in the middle of the last century, Amer-ica’s middle class grew strong. Collec-tive bargaining is what gave workers the power to increase their wages. Unions helped workers get the training they needed to build their skills so they could advance on the job. They helped to make sure men and women had safe work places, and through col-lective bargaining access to health care rose. Workers shared in our coun-try’s prosperity. All of those benefits strengthen economic security for the middle class and for those working hard to get there. In Congress, we need to continue to 
work to expand economic security for more families. That should be our mis-sion, to help move our country for-ward. This resolution would simply be a step backward. So instead of attack-ing workers who just want a voice in the workplace, I hope my colleagues will reject this resolution. Instead, I really hope Republicans will join with Democrats and work with us to protect workers rights and increase wages and grow our Nation’s middle class. I truly hope we can break through the grid-lock and work together on policies that create jobs, expand our economic secu-rity, and generate a very broad-based economic growth for our workers and our families, not just for the wealthiest few. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise today 
to object to another administrative overreach. As I travel the country and Wyoming, that is what I hear about— the way this administration keeps overreaching. Fortunately, there is a mechanism for us to object to the over-reach; it is the Congressional Review Act. Very seldom can it be used. This is one of those instances where it can. When it is published as a final rule, we have an opportunity to circulate a pe-tition. If we get enough signatures on it, we can have what we are having today, which is 10 hours of debate, with a vote up or down on whether that rule is what Congress intended—not what the administration intended but what Congress intended. 
Unfortunately, when this rule was 
written, there was a provision that it went to the President. The President doesn’t assign rules. Congress assigns rules, so Congress ought to have the final voice on whether a rule is appro-priate. We don’t. But we have a chance to voice it because we are going to get 10 hours of debate to talk about this proposed rule by the National Labor Relations Board—a totally appointed board, not an elected board, three Democrats, two Republicans. If this were as modest a change as we just heard, there would have been some common ground that would have brought one or both of the Republicans along. That has been a thing of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board in the past but not anymore. Now the Repub-lican members of this National Labor Relations Board are ambushed as well, and we come up with what we call the ambush elections rule. 
So I rise to encourage my colleagues 
to support the Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board ambush elections rule. I again thank my friend Senator A
LEXANDER , the chairman of 
the Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions Committee, for leading this reso-lution. Oversight of Federal agencies is one of the most important duties of a committee chair, and I appreciate his work and the way he goes about it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.014 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1233 March 3, 2015 
The National Labor Relations Board 
has proposed a rule that would dras-tically alter the way union elections are held. 
A union election is one of the most 
significant decisions employees will have to decide at their workplace. It fundamentally alters their relationship with their employer, with the men and women they work with every day, and with the community. A union election means that small business employers have to meet unfamiliar and com-plicated legal obligations, with serious consequences for failing to meet dead-lines, file specific documents, or assert their rights in the process. 
The current process for holding union 
elections is both fair and timely. It en-sures that businesses and employers have the necessary time to fully meet their legal requirements. It gives em-ployees time to educate themselves about what unionization will mean for them and their families and to inves-tigate the union that would be rep-resenting them to ensure that it is con-sistent with their values and priorities. 
Under the current process, the aver-
age time between when an election pe-tition is filed and ballots are cast is only 38 days. That is under 6 weeks. And more than 95 percent of union elections are held within 2 months of an election petition. 
The rule the National Labor Rela-
tions Board is pushing would squeeze union elections into as few as 11 days. No, it doesn’t require 11 days; it can shorten the time to as few as 11 days. That is just 11 days for employees to learn about the union that would have overwhelming influence on the future of their work conditions and to learn about what unionization would mean in their workplace and what dues they would have to pay. That is 11 days for employers to learn about their rights and requirements during the election, to collect information about employees that must be submitted, to draw up the final documents, to ensure that they haven’t missed anything, and to make their position clear to their employ-ees—all that while running their busi-ness. It is not enough time. The small-er the business, the more critical it is. 
It is important to point out that a 
union that wants to organize in the workplace isn’t subjected to that timeline at all. A union can start its campaign months in advance, maybe even years. Professional union orga-nizers can start making their pitch long before they intend to petition for an election. Organizers have plenty of time to figure out which employees are union supporters and which employees might be on the fence but could be con-vinced. A union can take its time to create a narrative and build its case to workers, and it can do so without the business ever knowing. And then when the union decides the time is right, it can petition for the election when it is most advantageous for the union. 
This is why we call it the ambush 
election rule—because if this rule goes into effect, after a union has had 
months to build its case in its favor, a business will only have a few days to respond. That is only a few days to fig-ure out what union officials have told employees; to determine if there are any misstatements, falsehoods, or mis-conceptions that need to be addressed in what employees have been told; to 
make the employer’s position clear and answer any questions employees might have; and to meet all their legal obli-gations under the union election proc-ess. But it is not so simple because under the rules, employers must follow specific guidelines about what they can and cannot say and even who can say it. 
I don’t know any entrepreneurs who 
started a business because they were excited about understanding the ins and outs of the National Labor Rela-tions Act. That is why it is important to maintain the current system, which includes sufficient time for employers to study election procedures, under-stand their legal requirements, and en-sure they are meeting their obligations to their employees. The National Labor Relations Board’s rule will deny em-ployers the necessary time to do their due diligence. 
This would be especially true for 
small businesses that don’t have in- house lawyers or human resources de-partments. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and staying competitive means that small business owners have to take on a whole range of responsibilities. They have to be ac-countants. They have to be janitors. They have to play dozens of different roles every day to keep their business going. The rule we are debating today would mean they would suddenly have to become labor lawyers too. 
Most small business owners are not 
familiar with the complex business laws that determine what they can and cannot do during a union election. They might not know that if they make certain statements or take cer-tain actions, the National Labor Rela-tions Board can impose a bargaining obligation on them even without a se-cret ballot election. Let me repeat that. They might not know that if they make certain statements or take cer-tain actions, the National Labor Rela-tions Board can impose a bargaining obligation on them without a secret ballot election. They might not know that they have certain rights but that they have to exercise those rights at a certain point in the process or they for-feit them. 
Under the current system, they have 
time to learn. More importantly, they have time to work with their employ-ees and even with the union organizers. One of the ways the current system succeeds is that it allows businesses, employees, and unions that would want to hold an election to work together through the election process. Many of the union elections that happen in less than the 38-day average are able to move forward so quickly because all sides can come to an agreement on the 
issues, efficiently resolve any disagree-ments, and hold an election without any holdup. Businesses have enough time to understand the process, and that allows them to work coopera-tively. If a business can be confident that it doesn’t need to file unnecessary paperwork or hold unnecessary meet-ings, it can move forward without un-necessary delays. That won’t be the case under the new rule where busi-nesses—especially small businesses— don’t have the time to get comfortable enough with the process. And I predict that the number of elections where unions and businesses can work coop-eratively to hold elections more effi-ciently will fall significantly. 
Under the new rule, a small business 
is going to have two options—either go into an election blind and hope they don’t make any mistakes and hope ev-erything comes out OK or take every precaution, hold every hearing, and fully exercise every right to make sure they don’t miss anything important. 
I believe small business owners want 
to work in good faith with unions through this process, but the ambush election rule is going to make it harder for them to do that. Efficient elections are better for everyone. Businesses can get back to work faster, unions can hold an election sooner, and employees get a fair and timely vote. But this rule is going to make it harder for that to be the case. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
says it is making this rule because the process needs to be streamlined and up-dated. But what the Board is doing in a very partisan way simply doesn’t make sense in light of the fact that the aver-age time for a union election is 38 days—which means many elections happen sooner than that—and that nearly all elections are completed in less than 2 months. 
The Board says these rules are meant 
to address problems with some elec-tions that have been held up for months or years. That would really af-fect these mean numbers, so that can’t be much of the case. If that is the case, why did they write a rule that is going to undermine a system that already provides for timely elections and gives businesses the time they need to work cooperatively with unions? When an agency makes a rule, it is supposed to be solving a specific problem, and that rule is supposed to be targeted at fixing this problem. In this case, NLRB’s rule has not targeted the problem they want to fix. What is worse, this rule is going to undermine a system that meets the needs of businesses, unions, and employees in all but a handful of cases. 
This rule doesn’t make sense, and the 
way the Board is pushing this rule doesn’t fit with how labor laws should be updated and improved. The National Labor Relations Act is a carefully bal-anced law that hasn’t been changed very often. When changes have been made, it has been the result of careful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.015 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1234 March 3, 2015 
negotiation, input from stakeholders, 
and thoughtful debate. Unfortunately, it looks as though the only stake-holders in the room when the Board wrote this ambush elections rule were the unions. 
The Board also says that its rule is 
intended to update the elections proc-ess to account for new technology, such as email and cell phones. Unfortu-nately, the rule fails to take into ac-count the key concerns about data pri-vacy and security that we face today. It undermines employees’ privacy at a time when identity theft, computer crimes, and cyber security are serious issues. 
Under current law, an employer is re-
quired to turn over employees’ names and addresses within 7 days once an election is set. The proposed rule would not only expand the type of personal information that must be turned over, but would require that information be handed over to the union within 2 days. The expanded information the Board wants employers to give to the unions includes all personal home phone num-bers, all cell phone numbers, and all email addresses that the employer has on file. It would also require work loca-tion, shift information, and employ-ment classification. All of that can be used to harass the employee whether they want to be contacted or not, whether they want information or not. 
Now keep in mind that under the new 
rule, the question about which workers are eligible to unionize or to partici-pate in the vote isn’t determined until after the election. What? They are not going to know which workers are eligi-ble to unionize or to participate in the vote until after the election. That is a strange rule. The ambush election rule would require employees to hand over personal information on their employ-ees to unions without confirming which employees should or should not be on that list. That is part of the proc-ess that gets left out. 
The purpose of requiring the informa-
tion, of course, is so the union orga-nizers can come to your home, call you whenever they want, email you, find you after work and intercept you be-fore or after your shift. There is no time limit to how many times union organizers can contact you or at what time. There is no opt-out for employees who simply don’t want to be contacted. That could turn into a serious invasion of privacy for any employee, but for an employee who isn’t eligible to partici-pate in the election but has his or her information turned over to the union anyway, that is a serious breach of pri-vacy. 
I think it is important to point out 
how this rule undermines employee pri-vacy, particularly when we frequently hear about news of data breaches, sto-len credit card numbers, and identity theft. Protecting personal information is not something that can be taken lightly. Union elections can be very in-tense, an emotional experience for em-ployees, employers, and union orga-nizers alike. The last thing this rule 
should do is create a situation where an employee’s personal information is used as a tool for harassment or in-timidation. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
is supposed to be an impartial body that hears cases, weighs the facts, and makes fair, unbiased decisions accord-ing to the law. Although the Board’s decisions set precedents that determine how labor laws are applied going for-ward, it has not traditionally been a rulemaking agency. It has issued only a small number of rules, especially compared to other departments and agencies. Unfortunately, the Board has gone too far with the ambush elections rule. It has taken upon itself to impose 
new regulations that would hurt busi-nesses, undermine a sensitive process that has already provided fair and timely elections, give up employee pri-vacy, and bend carefully balanced labor laws in favor of the unions. Congress needs to tell the National Labor Rela-tions Board this rule is out of bounds. 
The Congressional Review Act gives 
Congress a tool to rein in agencies that use the Federal rulemaking process in ways Congress never intended. When an agency goes beyond what Congress has authorized or tries to issue regulations that would be harmful, the Congres-sional Review Act ensures that Con-gress can intervene and hopefully pre-vent that rule from going into effect. Congressional Review Act resolutions can’t be held up by the usual proce-dural delay tactics, although today we saw a historic event. For the first time the Congressional Review Act had to have a cloture motion for it. That is privileged, so the cloture motion only required 51, but I have done several of these, and that is the first time I ever remember having to do a cloture mo-tion. That is a filibuster. That is a delay on an inevitable discussion of the actions taken by a board. 
So at the end of the day the Senate 
has to vote. That is important because it means Congress’s oversight respon-sibilities over executive branch over-reach has a real and immediate effect when we use the Congressional Review Act. But it goes further than that, be-cause the Congressional Review Act also says once Congress has dis-approved a rule, it cannot be reissued by the agency. That is important in this case, because this isn’t the first time the National Labor Relations Board has issued this rule. The rule we are debating today is nearly identical to the rule the Board proposed in 2012, which was overturned by the courts be-cause the Board failed to follow its own procedures when it issued the rule. 
We need to pass this Congressional 
Review Act resolution, not just to roll back the National Labor Relations Board’s unnecessary and harmful rule, but to make it clear to the Board that Congress has the final word on this rule and any other rule, and that the issue is closed. 
It will also be a lesson to other 
boards and agencies proposing rules without finding common ground, with-
out looking at some of the common sense, and without looking out for the hard-working taxpayers. 
The Board has already issued this 
rule twice, and we should make sure this is the last time. Congress should make it clear that unnecessary regula-tions that hurt small business and un-dermine the fair and timely elections process are nonstarters. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
this resolution of disapproval. We need 
to remind the National Labor Rela-tions Board and other boards and agen-cies that their duty is to consider the facts of specific cases, to treat parties in those cases fairly, and to make im-partial decisions according to the law. The Board’s role is not to try to stack the system against one side or tip the scales in favor of the other, which is what this rule does. This rule makes it harder for businesses to meet their ob-ligations in good faith. It denies em-ployees the time they need to be able to make informed decisions, and it un-dermines the fair and timely process for union elections that is currently in place. 
As you heard a number of times, 
John F. Kennedy, when he was a Mem-ber of the Senate, said 30 days was a pretty good time. Moving it down to 11 days—I don’t think he would approve of that. 
This is one of the most important 
votes on labor issues we will have this year, and I urge my colleagues to put a stop to this burdensome rule. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum, 
and I ask unanimous consent that the time be equally allocated to the two sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. F
LAKE per-
taining to the introduction of S. 638 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, on a sep-
arate topic, I would like to urge my colleagues to support S.J. Res. 8, the joint resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act of the National Labor Relations Board’s final rule regarding union representation election procedures. 
As we heard today, it is often called 
the ambush election rule. It gained its namesake because it shortens the time between when a union files a petition for an election and the holding of that election. 
As a cosponsor of this resolution and 
a signer of the discharge petition to bring it before us for consideration, I believe this rule needs to be stopped before it takes effect on April 14. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.016 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1235 March 3, 2015 
According to NLRB data for the last 
10 years, the median time before the union election was 38 days. This pro-posed rule could shorten that time-frame to as few as 11 days. The rule gives employers only 7 days to find legal counsel and appear before an NLRB regional office at a preelection hearing. Prior to that hearing, the em-ployer must file a Statement of Posi-tion, which raises any and all legal challenges they may use later on. This is particularly burdensome for small businesses that typically don’t have inhouse legal counsel. They have little time to get advice on what is permitted during this process. 
There are also privacy issues with 
this rule’s requirement that employers must hand over employees’ personal in-formation—including cellphone num-bers, personal email addresses, shift times, and locations—to unions. With more than 95 percent of these elections occurring in less than 2 months, it is hard to understand why this onerous ambush election rule is even necessary. 
Instead of burdening small businesses 
with complicated legal work and in-creased regulations, this administra-tion and the NLRB should be focusing their efforts on increasing job growth and improving the economy. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
this resolution of disapproval. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Democrats control the time between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. and the majority control the time between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, tomor-
row morning the Supreme Court is going to hear oral arguments in King v. Burwell. The Supreme Court’s ruling could have sweeping consequences for the well-being of millions of Americans and for our Nation’s entire health care system. 
The issue at hand is whether Ameri-
cans who receive the opportunity to buy quality health insurance, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, can get as-sistance in paying for that care. The law gives our States a choice. Our States can design and manage an insur-
ance exchange on their own or they can allow their citizens to shop on a feder-ally run exchange. Furthermore, the law created tax credits to help Ameri-cans afford the cost of health insur-ance. 
Thirty-six States took the Federal 
option. Eighty-seven percent of the people who signed up in those States get some measure of assistance so as to better afford coverage. However, the petitioners in King v. Burwell argue that those Americans should be denied any assistance. 
In my view, the answer is simple. 
Let’s help those who are in need. Let’s not go back to that time in America when health care was for the healthy and for the wealthy. 
If one flips on C–SPAN and listens to 
the Congress debate and question the administration, one might hear some-thing wildly different. Some Members of Congress seem to be rooting for Americans to lose their subsidies and consequently their access to affordable health coverage. In fact, Members of Congress have filed briefs with the Su-preme Court making essentially that argument. At the same time, they have asked how the Obama administration would clean up the aftermath. To me, that is like pouring gasoline on a fire and then indignantly demanding that somebody else go put it out. 
There is no question the law’s imple-
mentation has at times been a chal-lenge. That is true of all major legisla-tion. It is clear there ought to be bipar-tisan interest in continuing to improve the law. But the reality has been what we have had is a wornout, 6-year-old fight over the Affordable Care Act. The act’s core purpose, which has been clear from the outset, is to help as many of our people get affordable, high-quality health insurance as pos-sible, and the tax credits are absolutely key to making that work. In this case, those tax credits are in question. 
To make their argument, the King 
petitioners scoured the text of the law and plucked out one obscure phrase buried in the text. That phrase is ‘‘es-tablished by the State,’’ relating to how the tax credits are calculated. Ac-cording to the petitioners, those four words—that one small phrase—is enough to put millions of Americans in danger of losing their health insurance. The petitioners are arguing, against common sense and the actual text and intent of the Affordable Care Act, that the intent was supposed to deprive mil-lions of struggling families and individ-uals of affordable health care coverage. 
In my view, this should not be a dif-
ficult case for our Supreme Court to decide. Looking at the law itself, the text is clear. To cite some examples, when a State declines to establish an exchange, the Federal Government is directed to fill in and establish ‘‘such exchange.’’ This makes sure insurance coverage and tax credits become avail-able to any ‘‘applicable taxpayer,’’ re-gardless of where that taxpayer might live. Furthermore, the information 
used to calculate the subsidies is gath-ered from everybody who buys an in-surance plan. That would be unneces-sary if Americans in only some States were eligible for the tax credits. 
On top of that, it is a firmly estab-
lished principle of statutory construc-tion that when interpreting a provision of a law, a court should read the provi-sion in context, not in isolation. It should consider how the part fits into the whole. As the Supreme Court has said, it is a ‘‘fundamental canon of statutory construction that the words of a statute must be read in their con-text and with a view to their place in the overall statutory scheme.’’ 
Here, looking at the overall statu-
tory scheme, in my view there is only one plausible explanation. States have the option of establishing exchanges. If they decline, the Federal Government will establish an exchange for them. It was written that way so everyone who needs assistance and meets the rel-evant qualifications can receive that assistance. In my view, we just can’t reach any other conclusion. Without the broadest possible access to health insurance—and financial assistance for those who need it—the system would simply be at risk. 
The interpretation made by the peti-
tioners makes absolutely no sense in the context of the overall statutory ap-proach. It would contradict the funda-mental purpose of the Affordable Care Act which, as stated in the title, is to provide ‘‘quality, affordable health care for all Americans.’’ 
Finally, a statute should be inter-
preted under the assumption that as the Court has said: ‘‘Congress . . . does not . . . hide elephants in mouseholes.’’ Congress does not slip major rules, which have huge ramifications, into obscure corners of the law. In this case, Congress would not slip a major rule denying tax credits to millions—what would in effect be a poison pill—the Congress would not slip that deep into a line that simply defines the term ‘‘coverage month.’’ 
Furthermore, there is no evidence in 
the legislative history to support what I consider to be a warped reading of the law by the petitioners. If the Congress intended for the tax credits to help only some Americans, the Congress would have said that. The issue would have come up in committee hearings and markups and press conferences or in debates in the Senate or in the other body. It would have been reflected in fact sheets and in press releases that were made available to the public. It would have come up in committee re-ports that accompanied the bill’s long journey through the Congress. It never did, not even once. The only way to get to the petitioners’ view is by cherry- picking and contorting a four-word phrase. 
Look at the long record of analysis 
provided by the trusted nonpartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.020 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1236 March 3, 2015 
staffs of the Congressional Budget Of-
fice and the Joint Committee on Tax-ation. We rely on them. They are bipar-tisan. They are nonpartisan. It was their job to do the math, to score the bills and figure out exactly what the economic impacts would be. In every analysis and in every communication the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation had with the Congress, they correctly pre-sumed that tax credits would be avail-able to all who qualified. The tables and reports prepared by the Congres-sional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation are all online. So what I have said can be backed up, and anyone can read those materials. 
In my view, the petitioner’s argu-
ment in this case is weak and the text of the law and congressional intent is clear. But, still, the wrong decision could make quality health insurance suddenly unaffordable for millions of Americans from one end of the country to the other. The negative effects of 
that ruling would radiate throughout our health care system. Recent studies of this case have suggested that the cost of insurance could soar upward for more than 7 million Americans. Only those most in danger of needing serious medical assistance would remain in-sured. The cost of insurance premiums, particularly in the individual market, would skyrocket for all. As a result, a crisis that would begin with 7 million people could grow to affect 8, 9 or 10 million and perhaps even more. In my view, it would send our country back to those dark days when health care in America was for the healthy and the wealthy. That is what the Affordable Care Act is intended to prevent. That is not what the American people want. 
The Federal Government, inde-
pendent health care organizations, and those whose insurance is at stake all agree—the tax credits are meant for all. Even America’s Health Insurance Plans, the trade association rep-resenting the Nation’s largest insurers, takes that view. It wrote in a brief filed with the Court that eliminating the subsidies ‘‘would leave consumers in those states with a more unstable market and far higher costs than if the ACA had not been enacted. . . . ’’ 
The only groups that argue otherwise 
are essentially political partisans that want to see the Affordable Care Act brought down at any cost. These argu-ments, in my view, are baseless, and they pose a serious danger to the health of millions of Americans—those in our country who went far too long without access to quality, affordable health care and who have it now with the Affordable Care Act. 
I strongly hope the Supreme Court 
will take a conservative approach in its ruling—a conservative approach—and reject the challenge to the law. Then Congress can get on with the impor-tant business of bringing both sides to-gether to improve the law where it needs to be improved and address the other important needs of America’s health care system. With that, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to oppose this resolution which would overturn modest but vitally im-portant updates to the process that en-ables workers to exercise their rights to join a labor union. Today’s attack on the NLRB’s rule to modernize its election process is misplaced and mis-guided. 
Today middle-class families are 
struggling with wages that aren’t keep-ing up with expenses, while large cor-porations make record profits, and those at the top are doing better and better. But our economy doesn’t grow from the top down; it grows from the middle out. Our economy is strongest when we have a thriving middle class with a strong voice in the workplace. 
That is why we should be talking 
about how to restore basic workplace fairness to middle-class Americans and to those aspiring to be in the middle class. To me, that means if you work full time, you shouldn’t have to live in poverty. It means making sure that moms and dads don’t have to choose between keeping their jobs and taking a few hours to take their sick child to the doctor. Those are the things we should be focusing on. In fact, if we want to accomplish those things, we need to strengthen the voices of reg-ular Americans in the workplace. The NLRB representation rule takes a small but important step toward strengthening those voices. That is why the resolution before us today is not only misplaced, it is also mis-guided. This resolution would do the opposite of empowering workers. 
The purpose of this resolution is to 
block rules that will modernize a bro-ken election process. Because that election process is broken, it is pre-venting workers from exercising a basic right they are supposed to have in the workplace—the right to have a seat at the bargaining table. 
Too often, loopholes are being ex-
ploited to prevent workers from having the freedom to decide whether they want to form a union. Today, 35 per-cent of the time that workers file a pe-tition for a union election, they never even get to have an election. The 10 percent of litigated cases that this rule targets for reform take over 6 months on average to get to an election, and some elections can be delayed for years. That is why workers need this rule to ensure a fair, effective process that is free of excessive delays. 
Some of the updates in the rule sim-
ply standardize best practices that are already used in some parts of the coun-try. For example, in some regions of the country hearings are regularly 
scheduled to be held 7 days after the petition is filed and petitions are ac-cepted by fax. Also, under the represen-tation rule workers and companies can file documents electronically, bringing the process up to date with 21st-cen-tury technologies. It also increases transparency in the election process. Everyone involved—from workers peti-tioning for an election, to companies, to the NLRB itself—has to provide in-formation to the other parties earlier in the process and in more complete form. 
Nothing in this rule will change an 
employer’s right to express its support for or opposition to a union. Nothing in the rule will change an employer’s ability to communicate with workers from their very first day on the job. If the employer opposes collective bar-gaining in the workplace for better wages and working conditions, the company has the right to do that from the very beginning. 
Modernizing and streamlining the 
process by which workers exercise their rights to join a union should not be controversial. Under the National Labor Relations Act, our laws explic-itly recognize the rights of employees to engage in collective bargaining through representatives of their own choosing. That is the law. 
As a member of three unions myself, 
I have seen firsthand how important it is for workers to have a voice in their workplace. The evidence shows that being a member of a union can have a tremendous impact on the lives of real people and their families. Workers cov-ered by a collective bargaining agree-ment are paid more on average than those not covered. Unionized workers are more likely to have health care, re-tirement benefits, and paid leave bene-fits than other workers. 
So, again, the changes made by the 
election rule are just commonsense up-dates that will support these important objectives. I urge my colleagues to op-pose this resolution so that these com-monsense reforms will be able to en-sure a fairer election process for every-one. 
I yield to the Senator from New 
York. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Minnesota for his outstanding remarks. 
I want to rise to make one thing 
clear in this debate. My friends on the other side of the aisle once again have taken up the cause of special interests at the expense of hard-working Ameri-cans. Once again they are using their new majority in the Senate to find ways to keep the rules rigged against American workers. 
Let’s look at this. The bottom line is 
very simple. Middle-class incomes are declining. One of the main reasons middle-class incomes are declining is the decline of unions. That is what just about everybody who studies it says. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.023 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1237 March 3, 2015 
We are now 11 percent unionized. We 
were 30 percent, private sector only 6 percent. The bottom line is we had a lot of poor Americans in the 1920s. 
Laws that were enacted by this Con-
gress allowed unions to organize and workers, through collective bargaining, were able to gain some of the wealth from their labor. We had broad pros-perity as America was unionized in the 1950s and 1960s and 1970s and 1980s. What happened was that corporate America learned how to both prevent new unions from occurring in new in-dustries and breaking old unions. 
As a result now, middle-class in-
comes are declining. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, once again, they talk they want to help the middle class, but in all the obvious ways to help the middle class—and unions do, whether the management likes it or not, they manage to give the workers more money—they do not walk the walk. 
These NLRB changes are simple. 
There have not been substantial up-dates to the NLRB election process since the 1970s. The new changes pull the process into the 21st century, let-ting unions and employers file elec-tronically and using modern forms of communications such as cell phones. Our colleagues are opposed to this. They want to undo it. My God, the changes will modernize union elec-tions, prevent delays, reduce frivolous litigation, something even the Repub-lican Board members on the NLRB sup-ported in principle in their dissent. 
Right now big corporations can use 
delays in labor elections to try and take advantage to postpone and even deny workers’ rights to vote. This is what my friends on the other side of the aisle are rising up against: workers whose incomes are declining trying to get a little more money when cor-porate profits are at a record. The other side says, nope, side with the cor-porate profits over middle-class wages. That is what they are saying. That has been the theme in this Congress. It is going to continue to be the theme. 
We will make it clear to the Amer-
ican people who is on their side. The congressional review process on these changes allowing employers and unions to file forms electronically, and we have to invoke this unique process, streamlining the process so workers are not kicked around with an army of lawyers? 
It is disappointing that my friends 
across the aisle have made such a mountain out of a molehill with these rules. At the beginning of this Con-gress, I was hopeful my colleagues were ready to join us and go to work for working families who have experienced a lost decade of economic advance-ment, whose real wages have declined. 
In an op-ed in the Wall Street Jour-
nal this year Leaders M
CCONNELL and 
BOEHNER said one of the their primary 
goals was helping struggling middle- class Americans who are clearly frus-trated by a lack of opportunity and a stagnation of wages. If their only an-
swer is to reduce regulations on cor-porations, lower corporate taxes, lower the taxes of the wealthy, and that is going to help the middle class, I have news for them, that is not going to fly. 
I feel in my heart deeply that the de-
cline of middle-class wages is a decline of America. I feel we have to do some-thing about it, but we certainly should not regress. My colleagues, with this motion, it will make it harder for the middle class to grow wages, make it easier to say even a larger share of pro-ductivity goes to capital and a smaller share to labor, despite their rhetoric and despite the problems we face. 
I see my dear friend from Tennessee. 
I hate to oppose him in such strong language because I think he is a fine gentleman, but on this issue we dis-agree. 
I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
wish to talk about protecting the mid-dle class. 
I am on the side of an economy that 
works for everyone and building a stronger middle class to bring opportu-nities to families across the Nation. 
What is an economy that works for 
everyone? It means that if you work hard and play by the rules, you deserve a fair shot at the American dream. 
An economy that works for everyone 
also means giving workers the right to organize, negotiate, and exercise their rights under the law in a timely way. I believe this can be done in a way that also enables businesses to prosper and to create jobs. 
Unions raise wages, improve working 
conditions, and ensure fair treatment 
on the job. In many jobs they make the difference between living in poverty and making ends meet or the difference between just getting by and making enough to make a better life for a fam-ily. The right to unionize and collec-tively bargain helped grow the middle class. 
When workers are choosing whether 
to unionize or not, they need a process that is fair, predictable, and efficient. But unfair rules, lax enforcement, and insincere negotiating has crippled union organizing and threatened the middle-class lifestyle that was once the economic pride of our country. 
The main role of the National Labor 
Relations Board is to manage the rela-tions between unions, employees, and employers in the private sector. The primary functions of the Board are to prevent or resolve unfair labor prac-tices and to supervise union elections so that they are done accurately and fairly. 
Now, the NLRB has put out rules 
that make modest updates to the elec-tion process that make sense in the 21st century. The rules would eliminate needless delays that slow the election process to a halt and modernize the process for sharing contact informa-tion to allow the use of email to com-municate about the election. 
But this and other commonsense up-
dates are under attack in Congress. Under this Congressional Review Act 
resolution, the whole rule would get tossed out. There is limited debate and there is no chance for offering amend-ments. Middle-class workers deserve better than this. 
Currently, workers organize them-
selves by signing a document saying they want to join a union. Once a ma-jority of workers sign up, they can ask their employers to be recognized as a union and collectively bargain for a contract. 
However, some employers delay, 
delay, delay—refusing to recognize the union and requiring workers to go through an intimidating antiunion campaign that ends in an unfair elec-tion. Workers should be protected from these kinds of stall tactics and intimi-dation. 
It is common sense that communica-
tion should be allowed to take place over email. These rules would allow for that. Documents should be allowed to be submitted electronically. These rules would allow for that, too. This creates a more efficient process that benefits workers. 
I want workers to make more money. 
When families have more money in their paychecks, it is good news for the middle class and it is good news for our Nation’s economy. When workers have a seat at the table, it means they have a better chance at getting the wages and the protections at the workplace they deserve. I want to grow our mid-dle class by giving more workers this critical seat at the table. But they won’t get it if Congress pulls the chair out from underneath them by throwing out this rule. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I know we are in Democratic time right now. So if a Member of the other side shows up, I will sit down. I appre-ciate the courtesy of my colleagues on the other side allowing me to continue my remarks. I will not take more than 7 or 8 minutes. 
My good friend from New York just 
spoke. We have worked together on a number of things. He talked about the middle class. I think he is right to talk about the middle class and the effect of the National Labor Relations Board on the middle class. 
Let me give a little bit different per-
spective on it. My problem with this NLRB is that it is not acting like an umpire between employers and employ-ees, it is acting like an advocate for the unions. It did so in 2011 with the micro-union decision. It is doing so with the ambush elections rule, going against the advice of Senator John F. Kennedy in 1959, who said 30 days seemed like a fair time to give employ-ees to consider whether to have a union. 
They are ambushing employers—it’s 
like riding through a canyon and sud-denly people start shooting at you. In just 11 days—we have hundreds of thou-sands of small businesses across the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.026 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1238 March 3, 2015 
country that are trying to work, sell 
their goods, make a living, improve their status. That is the middle class we talked about. 
Say you have five employees, say you 
are down in Maryville, TN, or Wichita, KS, the last thing on your mind is a labor lawyer. Here comes an election in 11 days. Suddenly small businesses have to find and pay a labor lawyer. They need legal advice at every step because in as few as 11 days they might have an election. There is no need to rush into an election that rapidly other than to give union organizers an oppor-tunity to force a union election before the employer and its employees know what is going on. 
Let me give one more example of the 
assault on the middle class that I see from this NLRB and our friends on the other side. In every community in America, there are lots of franchisees. These are the men and women who op-erate health clubs, barber shops, auto parts shops, childcare centers, neigh-borhood restaurants, music stores, cleaning services, and much more. 
We had some franchisees testify be-
fore the labor committee the other day. These franchisees could have worked for a big corporation, but they said: I would like to run my own busi-ness. Franchisees can own a Ruby Tuesday’s, a Rainbow Station, or an auto parts franchise. They own that business. They run that business. 
They use that brand name to help it 
succeed. They use brand names like Planet Fitness, Merry Maids, or Panera Bread. They might work 12 hours a day serving customers, meeting a payroll, or cleaning. This is hard work, but 700,000 Americans do it because it is their way up the economic ladder. It is their way to say: I have my own busi-ness. I do not work for the big guys. I am a little guy working my way up. 
Successful franchisees are one of the 
most important ways to climb the eco-nomic ladder of success. Yet this NLRB, the same one that wants to have ambush elections, has a pending decision that would threaten franchisees’ very way of life. It is called the joint employer standard, which since 1984 has required a busi-ness to hold direct control over the terms and conditions of a worker’s em-ployment. 
Through broad language, the NLRB 
is saying to McDonald’s or Ruby Tues-day’s that they are part of the parent company, and anything they do at their store has to be accepted by the parent company. 
What are the consequences if that 
happens? The parent companies are going to say: We are not going to take that risk. We are going to own all of our stores. So we will own all of the Rainbow Stations. The parent company will own all of the McDonald’s stores, or all of the Ruby Tuesday’s. 
What will that do? That might pro-
tect the parent company because it can hire a team of labor lawyers. It can in-struct its employees what to do and what not to do to avoid problems. But 
it takes away the middle-class oppor-tunity of moving up the economic lad-der from these 700,000 franchisees. That is what this NLRB is doing. The am-bush election rule is nothing more than speeding up the time that it takes be-tween when pro-union organizers ask an employer for a secret ballot elec-tion, and when that election actually takes place. 
Every step you take has to be perfect 
according or else you might have to have a rerun election or be ordered to negotiate with the union. That jeop-ardizes the fairness in our system. The National Labor Relations Act was in-tended to create an environment of bal-ance and fairness among employers and employees. Senator Kennedy said in 1959 that 30 days would be a reasonable amount of time between when a union organizer files a petition and when an election is held. 
Senator M
CCONNELL and I have an-
other bill to restore the balance in the National Labor Relations Board. It is absolutely fair. The Board would be three Democrats, three Republicans. If the general counsel’s complaint is out-side the law, the aggrieved party can take it to Federal court. If the NLRB takes longer than 1 year to decide a case, either party can take it to Fed-eral court. That is fair. That is the kind of umpire we need in labor rela-tions today. So this is about the middle class. This is about moving up the eco-nomic ladder. This is about the kind of actions that give 700,000 Americans their franchise business. This is about the hundreds of thousands of Ameri-cans, with 4, 5, 6, 10, 15 employees, who do not need to be ambushed as they try to earn a living, pay their bills, sweep the floor, make a profit, pay employ-ees, and create the American dream. 
The stakes are high. We are right to 
say let’s return the National Labor Re-lations Board to an umpire. 
Let us hope the House agrees. Let us 
hope the President agrees. It’s time to return fairness and balance to labor- management relations in this country. 
I yield the floor. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, are 
we in a quorum call? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are 
not. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I 
rise to speak and to commend the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, Sen-ator A
LEXANDER , for this resolution 
that is on the floor to rescind and over-turn the ambush election rule the NLRB has asked to go in effect on April 14. It is just dadgum wrong. It is a solution in search of a problem. 
We don’t have a problem in terms of 
labor relations. Ninety-five percent of all the elections for unionization take place within 56 days. The median term is 38 days. That is 1
1⁄2months to 2 
months. That is all it takes. This would compress that period of time from the average now of 38 days to 11 days. Is 11 days enough time for a worker 
to get all the information they need to find out whether they want to become unionized? No, it is not. Is it fair to an employer to give him only 11 days to defend himself against a union organi-zation trying to take him to a union shop? No, it is not. Does it do anything for the middle class? No, it does not. This is a solution for an issue, as I said, that doesn’t exist, a problem that doesn’t exist. It is time we stood up for American business and American work-ers. 
I ran a sub S corporation, which is a 
small business in Georgia. Most every-body thinks this is a big business issue. It is not; it is a small business issue. It is a repeat effort by the NLRB to con-tinue to meddle and tilt the playing field between labor and management. 
Everybody knows that during the In-
dustrial Revolution this country over-looked the worker. We had child labor, we had workers working too long, and we didn’t have good safety rules. We all know labor unions came about because businesses failed to address their needs. But that was 100 years ago. Today we have good labor law, we have fair labor law, and we have opportunities for peo-ple to be unionized if they want. 
Of all the elections called in the last 
2 years, 64.2 percent have gone to a unionized shop—64.2 percent. In other words, the law we have now today works. It works for the worker and it works for the union. But it doesn’t work to compress that time period to 11 days. That would cause confusion, it would cause discord, it would cause a terrible burden on the employer and terrible pressure on the employee. 
Included in the rule are, in my opin-
ion, privacy violations by the orga-nizers. It will require the company to turn over cell phone numbers, private information and all of that, so the unions can harass them to try to get them to sign a petition for a clarifica-tion and certification. It is just down-right wrong. 
The chairman of the Health, Edu-
cation, Labor and Pensions Committee is exactly right: This is an unfair rule. It has no place being passed and adopt-ed. We have every right to rescind it, which I hope this Senate will do. 
Let’s remember who the middle class 
really is. Let’s remember who small business really is. Let’s remember why we have unions and why we have a Na-tional Labor Relations Board. We have it for fair and equitable treatment of labor law. We don’t have it to tilt the playing field in favor of labor or in favor of management. We have it to be fair, so everybody gets a fair shake and a fair notice and a fair time to have their say. 
So I rise to commend the chairman 
for his efforts and what he has done. I support his effort and what he has done, and I hope the Members of the Senate will vote in favor of rescinding this rule before it goes into effect. It would be a terrible one-two punch to have this rule go into effect on April 14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.027 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1239 March 3, 2015 
and the IRS’s tax day be April 15. That 
is too much punishment for one period of time. It is just not the right thing to do. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, 
my Democratic colleagues and I come to the floor all the time talking about how we grow a middle class, how we help middle-class families, and how we make sure we have a strong economy because we have a strong middle class. Yet what we are seeing on the floor right now is an effort by our Repub-lican colleagues to fight to keep a sys-tem which is rigged against American workers being able to get a livable wage, to have a voice in the workplace. 
We know what we ought to be doing 
is looking for every possible way to support those who are working hard every day, to have a wage that allows them to care for their family, to send their children to college and achieve the American dream. They should have a voice in the workplace around safety issues, around other issues that are im-portant for working men and women. We have in front of us a National Labor Relations Board rule change that was made to basically modernize the sys-tem around employee elections so that people have a fair shot to have their voice heard in the workplace. 
It is pretty interesting to me that we 
are talking about simple changes that allow the use of email communications or fax communications—not exactly radical things in the world we live in. Without this modernization by the NLRB, we actually have a situation where people are denied the ability to communicate through email; to be able to talk about forming a union and com-municate with each other through email, which is pretty crazy when you think about it. This particular vote would stop folks from using email or faxes. 
The NLRB rule change was to mod-
ernize the election process, to elimi-nate certain paperwork hurdles that didn’t make any sense, so an employer could not delay the ability for folks to vote as to whether they want to be part of a union. That is what is in front of us now. 
What I wish was in front of us is the 
agenda we have been pushing, which is to actually strengthen the middle class. Instead, what we have in front of us is a vote about keeping the system rigged against American workers. There is no mistake about it. A ‘‘yes’’ vote, which eliminates this moderniza-tion process, is a vote to keep the sys-tem rigged against men and women who are working hard every day in the workplace and who just want a fair 
shot to make it. 
Interestingly, this only affects about 
10 percent of union elections, because 90 percent of elections are done through agreement with employers and employees. That is a testament to the fact that the majority of folks can work together, if 90 percent of them are working out agreements. 
What we really ought to be talking 
about on the floor is equal pay for equal work and how we enforce that. I 
am stunned that we have the Repub-lican majority fighting to keep the sys-tem rigged against American workers and then turning around and saying, well, we are not going to pass laws that enforce equal pay for equal work, or we are not going to pass laws that create a livable wage so people who are work-ing are out of poverty, so that we re-ward work by having a livable wage. That is not what is on the floor. What is on the floor is an effort to roll back the modernization of a process that would make sure the system is not rigged against workers. 
Why are we not talking about equal 
pay or raising the minimum wage or talking about the cost of going to col-lege? The majority of people today, who are playing by the rules, trying to do the right thing, trying to get the skills they need to be responsible citi-zens and work in the workplace, come out of college buried in debt—buried in debt—but we are not talking about that. We are not spending our time on that. 
We are not talking about protecting 
pensions earned by workers over a life-time, who are counting on those to be protected. We are not talking about how we strengthen and expand and guarantee Social Security for the fu-ture, or any number of things we could be talking about. If we just made sure that equal pay for equal work wasn’t a slogan but actually a reality of this country, we would jump-start the mid-dle class. We would jump-start the economy if women were earning dollar for dollar what men are earning. That alone, along with any number of other things, affects middle-class families. 
It is not about creating an economy 
by giving to those at the top and hav-ing it trickle down and hoping some-day, somehow, it will affect the major-ity of Americans. We believe you start with the middle, you grow the economy from the middle out. It is a middle- class economy that lifts everyone up and addresses the strength of our coun-try. 
So I am very concerned that when we 
look at precious floor time and what the priorities are, we are debating a rollback on the modernization of rules with the National Labor Relations Board that will basically keep in place a rigged system. Without that mod-ernization it is just one more mark against workers who are trying to have a voice and are trying to lift them-selves up and improve their wages and ability to be successful and be re-warded for their work. There is a lot more we could and 
should be doing. We are going to con-tinue to raise the issues that middle- class families care about. We are going to continue to fight for middle-class families every single day, and we are going to continue to oppose those who want to keep a rigged system against the middle class. 
So I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this par-
ticular resolution, and hopefully we can stand together and actually create jobs and a better standard of living by doing those things that are going to help middle-class families across Amer-ica. 
I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, 
would you advise me what the time al-lotment now is for debate? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority controls the time from 5 until 6. 
Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, it is 
interesting, when we get on the topic of unions, how we all come to this with such a different point of view. I come to it as a person who grew up in a household where every member of my family was a member of a union. My fa-ther and mother, who each had eighth grade educations, belonged to railroad unions in East St. Louis, IL. Because of that, there was bargaining for their wages and benefits—which I didn’t un-derstand as a kid, but I do now—that resulted in the quality of life we enjoy in our family. We weren’t wealthy, but we were comfortable. I never went hun-gry, and I thought we lived a pretty good life. Mom and dad were hard workers. If you were a hard worker in those days and had the benefit of union representation, you could make a de-cent living. And we did. 
If we study history, we will find that 
is what has gone on in America. Pri-marily after World War II, we saw two things happening: a rise in unionism— people who belonged to organized unions—and a rise in the middle class. In other words, employees who were able to bargain for their wages and benefits and retirement ended up with enough money to raise their families and to build the middle class in Amer-
ica. 
In that period from post-World War II 
until the 1960s, the United States real-ly took its place on the map in terms of our position in the economy. Ex-actly the opposite has been true since. Unionism—those who belong to orga-nized unions—has been going down in most sectors except for government employment, and we have also seen a decline in the middle class. I don’t think that is a coincidence; I think that is an indication that when work-ers do not have a voice in the work-place, they lose that bargaining ability to get a just wage, a good wage, a liv-ing wage, and the benefits that should come with it. 
The irony is that American workers 
are still the best in the world. If we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.029 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1240 March 3, 2015 
just look at the issue of productivity of 
American workers, there is no reason for us to apologize. Our workers know how to create profit for the people they work for. Sadly, though, when it comes to this, we don’t find that the compa-nies that employ them reward their productivity with more wages and ben-efits. They don’t. As a result, workers are working harder, making more prof-its for their company than ever, and yet they aren’t seeing any real growth in their wages. 
So there comes a time when workers 
should have the power to make a choice in their lives, and that is when they decide whether they want rep-resentation—an election to form a union where they work. That is what this bill is all about. 
The National Labor Relations Board 
came up with a process that said: If you are going to have an election in the workplace so that workers can de-cide whether they want to belong to a union, let’s at least make it fair, make sure that employers and employees and the unions have enough information. They can tell the workers their point of view, and the workers can decide. 
I come to the floor today in support 
of the National Labor Relations Board’s rule for modernizing and streamlining the election process for the workers. There is a wide divergence of opinions on both sides of the aisle here in terms of the value of unions. I value them. Some do not. But I think the ability of workers to organize and bargain collectively is about the only way to level the playing field and to create a growing middle class, which we need in America. 
Last December the National Labor 
Relations Board came up with a rule, after a long process, to modernize the election process—the first time in al-most 50 years. Fifty years ago they wrote the rules, and they said: You know, there are a few things that have changed in 50 years. 
Here is what they said: The rule 
moves preelection problems, such as the 25-day waiting period and review, and consolidates options for delay and appeal into a single appeals process. In a nod to modern communications, the rule says employers and unions can file election petitions electronically rather than by fax or mail. This does not strike me as radical thinking. Think of all the things we do electronically today, from paying our bills each month, to communicating with one an-other, to gathering information. Bring-ing this to the labor situation, the choice of a union, is certainly not rad-ical. And it requires employers to pro-vide unions with the employees’ per-sonal email and phone numbers in addi-tion to the existing requirement for names and addresses—personal email and phone numbers. When is the last time you filled out an application on the Internet when they didn’t ask you for your email address or your phone number? It is routine, and we want to make this routine part of the process for unions and employers to get in con-
tact with employees. 
Republicans have called this an ‘‘am-
bush rule.’’ They say it deprives em-ployers of the time they need to ex-plain why the worker should vote against a union. They also claim the rule limits an employer’s ability to pursue adequate representation. But that is not a fair claim. Union elec-tions are only triggered when 30 per-cent of the workers sign a petition fa-voring an election. Almost one out of three needs to sign it saying: We want an election. Employers talk to their employees all the time when the em-ployees are being asked whether they want to sign up to be part of the 30 per-cent, so the employers have constant access in the workplace. And employ-ers can still require workers to meet one-on-one with supervisors, and about two-thirds of the employers actually do that. Nine out of 10 employers require workers to watch anti-union videos be-fore an election. The new rule doesn’t change that at all. 
Under the new rule employers have 
time to talk to their workers; they just have fewer options to delay the actual election. It looks to me as if it is an ad-vantage to employers going in, and the changes by the NLRB are really not that substantial. 
Last year at this time workers at the 
Rock River Academy and Residential Center in Rockford, IL, wanted to form a union. Rock River provides mental health and educational services for young girls with emotional disabilities. The workers didn’t like the working conditions in the workplace, the short staffing and stagnant wages. They wanted to work together to address these problems and to do a better job. They quickly signed up a majority of their coworkers and filed a petition with the NLRB office in Peoria. From the outset, the workers felt the em-ployers at the facility were trying to do everything they could to stop this election. The delay in finalizing a union gave the residential center time to wage an aggressive anti-union cam-paign. 
There was a hearing eventually at 
the NLRB, but it was nearly 3 weeks after the petition was filed. On the first day the employer’s attorneys claimed that all the workers at the residential center were nonprofessional, even though they included registered nurses, licensed special education teachers, and licensed therapists and social workers. The following day they re-versed their position and argued that all the employees at the facility should be considered professional—this was the next day—even though many em-ployees lacked a college degree. That stretched the hearing out for 4 days. When it comes to these elections, delay is really the tool that is used to stop a final decision. 
The regional director at the NLRB 
ruled in favor of the union’s position and ordered an election held 82 days after the petition was filed in which more than a majority of the workers 
said they wanted an election. Eighty- two days later they actually got an election. During that time the em-ployer hired two anti-union consult-ants to wage an anti-union campaign that included threats and interrogation and even the installation of a video surveillance system to monitor em-ployees at all times throughout the workplace. Pro-union workers saw their hours cut, while non-union work-ers were given all the overtime they wanted. Worst of all, the employer ter-minated or laid off six employees in what they believe was retaliation. 
Despite the delays and discomfort 
the employers created, a slim majority of employees still voted to form the union. But the employer continues to raise objections and intimidate the workers. Is that really what we want to see—the majority of the workers want the election, it takes 82 days to have the election, and then the recrimina-tions and problems that follow? It doesn’t seem as if this is workplace de-mocracy, the way it was designed. 
So I support this NLRB rule, and I 
am going to vote no on the efforts on the other side of the aisle to overturn it. This brings the election process into the 21st century and lets employers and unions communicate with employ-ees. It doesn’t encourage or discourage unionization; that is still up to the workers. 
Some Republicans take offense to 
these changes and call it an ambush. Instead of standing up for workers, they have chosen to challenge these commonsense reforms. This rule is about reducing unnecessary delay and litigation and giving the workers the last word. That is what we are sup-posed to do. 
This case in Illinois isn’t unique. In 
some extreme cases, workers have been forced to wait 13 years for the simple right to organize. In many others, the delays have eventually led do a situa-tion in which there was never a vote. Fifty-eight percent of workers want representation in their workplace, but the delays and challenges to the elec-tion process through NLRB discourage organizing. 
These proposed changes by them-
selves neither encourage nor discour-age unions. The proposed rule will apply the same way to workers at-tempting to decertify a union as it does to workers trying to form a union. The only real impact of the rule changes is, 
after 50 years, to recognize the exist-ence of email and telephones, for good-ness’ sake. That is considered radical business by some on the other side of the aisle, but for most it is just com-mon sense. 
So oppose this effort to overturn this 
NLRB rule. Give the workers a chance to vote one way or the other on wheth-er they want a union. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
Mr. SCOTT. Madam President, we are 
here today because the NLRB has once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.030 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1241 March 3, 2015 
again overstepped the line. I am not 
sure it is a red line, but I do know this—that the Board has become a hyperpartisan, pro-union entity, and that does not benefit the American people. 
We saw it in my home State of South 
Carolina, in my hometown of North Charleston, when the NLRB and the IAM attempted to destroy what was at the time 1,100 jobs at Boeing. Boeing represents more than 8,000 jobs in North Charleston because of the suc-cess of South Carolina’s pro-business, pro-employee—I want to emphasize ‘‘pro-employee’’—environment. But the NLRB and the President simply de-cided that didn’t fit their tastes. So after more than a year, when we saw the NLRB’s general counsel joke about destroying the American economy and call Members of Congress names, they finally relented when they realized South Carolina and the American peo-ple would not stand for it. 
But since then, the NLRB has contin-
ued to push policies loved by union bosses, even though it was created to be an unbiased arbiter. So today we are taking a very rare step—invoking the Congressional Review Act—because the NLRB decided to do union bosses one more favor. 
The ambush elections rule, which the 
Board has now finalized, will allow as few as 10 days to pass between employ-ees filing a petition to unionize and a vote occurring. This rule is perhaps the most pro-Big Labor action taken by the current administration, which is quite a fete for this administration. Ambush elections hurt the ability of employees to make a well-informed choice on joining a union as it gives limited time to hear both sides of the debate. The rule also requires unprece-dented amounts of employees’ personal information to be given to union rep-resentatives, such as personal cell phone numbers and email addresses. The NLRB is also now placing burden-some requirements on employers that unions do not have to follow them-selves, providing an unfair advantage to union organizers. 
In South Carolina we have seen the 
potential ramifications that come as a result of a widely partisan NLRB, and this rule simply reinforces the fact that the Board must return to acting as the neutral arbiter it was intended to be. But since that does not seem likely anytime soon, as my friends on the left resist efforts that Senator A
LEXANDER and I and others have in-
troduced to reform the Board, we find ourselves here today. 
I will leave you with just a few 
quotes. One is from Brian Hayes: 
The principal purpose for this radical ma-
nipulation of our election process is to mini-
mize, or rather, to effectively eviscerate an employer’s legitimate opportunity to express its views about collective bargaining. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to dis-
approve of the ambush elections rule and return workplace decisions to em-ployees—not to Big Labor and a par-tisan administration. Just a few weeks ago we had a hear-
ing in the HELP Committee. Some-times when we have this conversation about what is good for employees versus what is good for employers, we find a way of taking these two groups of folks and trying to put them in com-peting categories. I asked a very sim-ple question at one of the hearings, and I wish to take a few minutes to walk through what we are expecting of em-ployers as we engage in this new proc-ess of ambush elections. I think we will see very clearly why we call them am-bush elections. 
For the last 13 or 14 years, before en-
tering Congress, I was a small business owner, an entrepreneur. I thought I had found the American dream. We were making a profit. We were moving for-ward. We were hiring people. And now, as I think it through, if I were still in business today, what are we asking em-ployers to do in as short a window as 10 days? 
With less than two dozen employees 
and no in-house legal counsel, I am ex-pected in as few as 10 days to under-stand what an election position is; to find a labor attorney in Charleston with NLRB experience, and hopefully, NLRB expertise; to learn what can and cannot be said to employees; to figure out which employees are eligible to vote; to submit to the union names of eligible employees, their addresses, personal emails, their cell phone num-bers, their work location, shift infor-mation, employee classifications; and to ensure all legal arguments are raised at this point in time so that I do not waive my right to use those argu-ments in the future. All of this must be done with amazing haste and great pre-cision. 
Meanwhile, the clock is ticking. The 
clock is ticking on my right to talk with my employees before an election. My business is being neglected. Bear in mind that employers and entrepreneurs start businesses so that we can actu-ally accomplish a task, not necessarily to defend ourselves in this process. So while we are neglecting our business and incurring substantial legal costs, I have to ask myself one very simple 
question—and I think many people are going to ask themselves the same exact question—and it is simply this: How does this lead to a fair election for any employee or any employer? It seems to me that it simply cannot and it will not. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
THE ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER ’S ADDRESS TO  
CONGRESS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, this 
morning we were fortunate enough to hear Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin 
Netanyahu address a joint meeting of Congress. I was disappointed the Vice President and a number of Democratic Members of Congress chose not to at-tend this event. They missed a power-ful speech, and they missed an oppor-tunity to demonstrate America’s com-mitment to our strongest ally, Israel. 
In his speech before the American- 
Israeli Public Affairs Committee yes-terday, Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke about Israel’s alliance with the United States to, as he put it, ‘‘defend our common civilization against com-mon threats.’’ He spoke of ‘‘values that unite us . . . values like liberty, equal-ity, justice, tolerance, and compas-sion.’’ These are the values that unite us. They are the values both our Na-tions are committed to defend. It is an area of the world where respect for lib-erty and equality is often nonexistent. Israel stands up for these most essen-tial principles. America is proud to be her ally. 
The Prime Minister spoke this morn-
ing about the dangers of a nuclear- armed Iran. I scarcely need to enu-merate the reasons why Iran possessing a nuclear weapon is such a dangerous prospect. 
First and foremost, Iran is a state 
sponsor of terrorism. That rather bu-reaucratic phrase obscures the full hor-ror of what it signifies—that Iran’s Government helps advance the activi-ties of those who have made violence their mission and have kept millions of ordinary men, women, and children in the Middle East from living in stability and peace. 
Iran has fomented hostility toward 
the State of Israel, and its leaders have publicly stated the desire to wipe the entire Nation of Israel off the map. As Iran spreads violence and oppression abroad, it also uses the same tactics against its people at home. Iran’s Gov-ernment is hostile to freedom of any kind, whether it be freedom of speech or freedom of religion, and thousands of its own citizens have been tortured and imprisoned and executed for daring to stand up for their human rights. Keeping such a regime from developing a nuclear weapon must be a priority. 
Unfortunately, since November of 
2013, when the Obama administration first reached an interim nuclear agree-ment with Iran, all we have seen from these negotiations are delays and ex-tensions while Iran has received an eas-ing of sanctions. We hear it repeated that ‘‘no deal is better than a bad deal.’’ Yet while Israel has made it clear that an agreement which recog-nizes Iran’s right to enrich uranium is unacceptable, our own administration has yet to clearly state what a good deal would look like. 
When the Senate made efforts to set 
out the parameters for an acceptable final agreement by introducing the bi-partisan Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2015, which I cosponsored, the Presi-dent announced that he would veto such a bill without even waiting to see 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.031 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1242 March 3, 2015 
what it would look like after being 
fully debated and amended. 
Last week two of my colleagues in-
troduced the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, which would give Congress 60 days to approve or dis-approve any final agreement. It will be telling if the President threatens to veto this bill as well. It is essential that any final agreement on Iran’s nu-clear capability be acceptable to the American people, and congressional re-view is therefore indispensable. 
I am eager to work with the White 
House and my colleagues across the aisle to provide the American people and our allies abroad with the assur-ance that Iran will not be allowed to arm itself with a nuclear weapon. How-ever, I am concerned that if the Presi-dent continues his go-it-alone ap-proach, Americans may not like the deal that emerges. 
KING V . BURWELL  
Mr. President, I wish to pivot to an 
issue that is being considered over in the Supreme Court this week. Tomor-row the Supreme Court is going to hear oral arguments in the case of King v. Burwell, which challenges the exten-sion of ObamaCare subsidies to States with Federal exchanges. 
The President’s health care law 
states that individuals who enroll through ‘‘an exchange established by the State’’ are entitled to receive sub-sidies to help with their premium pay-ments. 
ObamaCare architect Jonathan 
Gruber made it clear this was intended to give States an incentive to create their own exchanges. At an event in 2012, he told the audience: 
[W]hat’s important to remember politi-
cally about this is if you’re a state and you don’t set up an exchange, that means your citizens don’t get their tax credits—but your citizens still pay the taxes that support this bill. 
That is from ObamaCare architect 
Jonathan Gruber back in 2012. 
In the wake of the health care law’s 
passage, however, States made it clear they were reluctant to take on the costs and burdens associated with ObamaCare. More than two-thirds of the States declined to set up their own exchanges, and the Obama administra-tion provided the subsidies to those en-rolled on Federal exchanges despite there being no authority in the law for it to do so, and despite the concerns ex-pressed by members of the President’s own administration who were doubtful about the legality of such a move. 
The administration’s decision to 
push forward with the subsidies despite the lack of legal authority could have serious consequences for millions of Americans. If the Supreme Court finds the Obama administration overstepped its authority, 5 million Americans could lose their ObamaCare subsidies. 
I recently joined several of my col-
leagues in sending a letter to the head of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Treasury Sec-retary to ask what the administra-tion’s plan is for dealing with the after-
math of an unfavorable Supreme Court ruling. The administration’s answer: Nothing. That is right. Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mat-hews Burwell told us the administra-tion has no administrative plans for what it would do in the event of an un-favorable decision by the Supreme Court. 
In fact, the administration declined 
to even warn Americans enrolling this year of what could happen if the Su-preme Court found the administration was illegally providing subsidies. 
Clearly the millions of Americans 
who could lose their health care pre-mium subsidy, thanks to the adminis-tration’s abuse of its authority, need a solution, and Republicans have been working on solutions. The junior Sen-ator from Nebraska has put forward a plan to use the 1985 COBRA law to ex-tend temporary health care assistance to these Americans for 18 months. 
Other Republicans—Senator H
ATCH  
from Utah, Senator A LEXANDER from 
Tennessee, Senator B ARRASSO from 
Wyoming—have offered their own plan which would also provide temporary fi-nancial assistance to affected Ameri-cans while they recover from the loss of the subsidies. 
The chairmen of the House Ways and 
Means, Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce Commit-tees have released a roadmap for re-placing ObamaCare with market-based solutions. Their plan allows States to opt out of many ObamaCare mandates while maintaining protections for Americans. It would also make refund-able tax credits available to Americans who lost their subsidies. 
All of these plans seek to replace the 
broken ObamaCare system with real health care reform that would lower costs, expand access to care, and to put patients, not the government, in charge of their health care decisions. 
We don’t need this court case to dem-
onstrate that ObamaCare has been a massive failure. We already had the un-expected tax bills, the higher pre-miums, the loss of doctors and hos-pitals, the health care plans Americans were not allowed to keep, the law’s negative effect on employment, and I could go on and on. 
This court case underscores what all 
the other law’s problems have dem-onstrated: ObamaCare is not fixing the health care challenges facing our coun-try. If anything, it is making them worse. ObamaCare has been tried, and it has been found wanting. It is time to repeal this law and to replace it with health care reforms that will actually fix the problems in our health care sys-tem and improve affordability and ac-cess for all Americans. Five years of ObamaCare is long enough. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the National Labor Relations Board representation case procedures rule, which is set to go into effect April 14. 
This rule unfairly expedites union 
elections and squelches individual self- determination, democratic decision-making, and freedom of expression. It is also a blatant attempt to circumvent Congress’s legitimate constitutional role in how—if at all—to reform the National Labor Relations Act. It is a clear case of regulatory overreach, and it is an abuse of power. 
The National Labor Relations Act 
seeks to create equity—or a ‘‘level playing field,’’ so to speak—in labor re-lations. Now, I believe the NLRA is far from perfect. In fact, I have introduced multiple pieces of legislation over the years to amend the NLRA. Neverthe-less, any reform must be openly de-bated and enacted by Congress, not de-cided unilaterally by an unaccountable bureaucracy. 
I am concerned because this National 
Labor Relations Board case representa-tion rule clearly favors the unions. I am not anti-union. I oppose this rule because I am a champion for both workers and businesses, for employee groups and the employer community. This rule hurts both. I oppose this rule not because I am against a worker’s right to join a union but because this rule is detrimental to both employers and employees. 
The NLRA guarantees the right to 
engage in union activities. It also en-sures the right to refrain from such ac-tivities. This rule dramatically short-ens the period of time that exists be-tween a union filing an election peti-tion and the actual election. Short-ening this time period undermines an employer’s ability to hold a lawful ex-change with its employees on whether to select union representation. It also deprives workers of their right to re-ceive key information from all sides, as the NLRB currently provides—a sys-tem that allows for a full and robust debate between unions, employees, and employers. 
Moreover, there is simply no need for 
the rule. 
Both businesses and workers deserve 
a process that is free of unnecessary delays. Nearly 95 percent of all elec-tions take place within 2 months after a petition has been filed, and the unions have won more than two-thirds of these elections during that time. No one can claim that this process is fraught with unnecessary delays. 
Unions favor this rule because it rigs 
the system by allowing them to cam-paign without the employer’s knowl-edge. While some argue that employers are free to talk to their employees about unionization at any time, em-ployers are unable to rebut a union’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.035 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1243 March 3, 2015 
argument if they are unaware the argu-
ments are even being made. This rule leaves employers with insufficient time to respond to a union’s arguments—and they know that. That is what is wrong with this legislation. Once again, this hurts both the worker and the em-ployer. 
While my main objection to this rule 
is that it precludes workers and em-ployers from necessary and protected information sharing, I also oppose the rule because it is likely to throw many elections into chaos and confusion. 
Under this rule, voter eligibility 
would be deferred to postelection pro-cedures. Employees would be asked to vote on joining a union without know-ing which employees will ultimately make up the bargaining unit. Simply put, unions are trying to win represen-tation elections without defining whom they are representing. 
Furthermore, there are serious due 
process concerns surrounding the ini-tial hearing and Statement of Position requirements. It is particularly burden-some to small employers to collect the required information following the fil-ing of the petition in this drastically shortened timeframe. 
Lastly, we cannot ignore that with 
this rule the NLRB is invading employ-ees’ privacy and exposing them to po-tential identity theft by mandating that employers turn over employees’ personal telephone numbers and email addresses to the unions. That is out-rageous. The rule tramples on workers’ individual liberties by allowing unions to unfairly obtain an employee’s pri-vate information. 
The NLRB should be a neutral arbi-
ter—an impartial overseer of the proc-ess—working to enforce the law, and to stop violations, and to intervene in at-tempts to sway benefit from one side or the other. It should not be an advocate for organized labor. Rather than ap-proaching the situation from the neu-tral perspective, this rule makes a value judgment that favors unions based on false assumptions. 
The NLRB should properly be safe-
guarding labor relations processes. I urge us all to support workers’ per-sonal liberties by providing them ample opportunity to make up their own minds. I urge all of my colleagues to support employers in preserving due process while cultivating constructive dialogue between businesses and work-ers. 
I thank Senators A
LEXANDER and 
ENZIfor leading this action under the 
Congressional Review Act. I am proud to stand with the majority of my Sen-ate colleagues today in preventing the NLRB’s abuse of regulatory power by supporting this resolution of dis-approval. 
I am well aware of these types of tac-
tics by the union movement. I am one of the few people in this body who was really raised in the union movement, who actually learned a skilled trade, who actually worked as a union mem-ber for 10 years in the building and con-struction trade unions as a metal lath-
er. 
I have to tell my colleagues that 
some of these people in the NLRB and others have been trying to get quickie elections through for a long time, and of course, the purpose of it is to slant everything in their favor, when they win a majority of the NLRB votes any-way. No, they just want to win all of them without giving the employees the necessary information to be able to make wise decisions as to whether to join a union, and then they cloud it up by making it almost impossible to know which part of the union or which methodology they are going to go into. 
We have stopped quickie elections for 
years. We have had good Democrats and good Republicans vote against quickie elections. It is not fair to slant the system totally against employers, which is what this bill will do. 
Frankly, it is time we quit pulling 
these dirty tricks. It really never ceases to amaze me. When Republicans appoint—and they are in the major-ity—people to the NLRB, as a general rule, they try to make things more fair. They try to look at both sides and be fair. When Democrats do it—when Democratic Presidents do it—they try to pull tricks such as this that really are unworthy of the type of consider-ations that really are involved in these union elections. I don’t mind unions winning, but they ought to win fair and square. They shouldn’t win because they stacked the deck against the busi-nesses. There are enough rules to give unions advantages in union elections as it is. But to have quickie elections so that the owner of the business or the owners of the business don’t have a chance to answer the questions that come up or even speak to their employ-ees is just wrong. I am opposed to it, and I hope everybody in this Senate is opposed to it as well. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak for 10 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the Key-
stone XL Pipeline means opportunity for the American people. The President is standing in the way of jobs. He is standing in the way of affordable en-ergy. He is standing in the way of our Nation’s energy security. His recent veto threat and now carrying through with the veto sent a clear message that he is more concerned with political games than increasing opportunity for the American people. 
We are here today to send a strong 
message that this fight is far from over. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline is a life-
line for many Montana communities. In fact, the Keystone Pipeline enters the United States through Montana, and that is why I will keep fighting to get this project moving forward. In fact, in our State of Montana 
alone, the Keystone Pipeline means $80 million to Montana counties and schools per year. Now, $16 million per year of that goes directly to our Mon-tana university systems. This is how we continue to fund our infrastructure, our schools, and our teachers. 
A couple of weeks ago I got a call 
from Rion Miles. He is the business manager for the Operating Engineers Local 400 in Montana. He told me the Keystone XL Pipeline will create 300 good-paying jobs for his union mem-bers in Montana alone. Like most Mon-tanans, Ryan is scratching his head. He doesn’t understand why the President is standing in the way of these good- paying union jobs. 
A while back, I was in my pickup 
traveling in eastern Montana in the town of Glasgow. I stopped by the NorVal Co-Op. This co-op supplies elec-tricity to a few thousand Montana fam-ilies in northeast Montana. They told me over a cup of coffee that morning that they will keep electric rates flat for the next 10 years if the Keystone Pipeline is approved. Why is that? That is because the NorVal Co-Op is sup-plying the electricity to a couple of the pump stations on the Keystone Pipe-line. That extra volume of electricity will help keep costs down for every-body. 
I asked: What happens if the Key-
stone Pipeline is not approved? They said electric rates would go up about 40 percent over the next 10 years. That is nearly $500 a year of increase per fam-ily. These are hardworking Montana families living month to month. These are senior citizens living on fixed in-comes, where we can hold their utility rates, electric rates flat for the next 10 years by passing the Keystone Pipeline bill. 
What about North American energy 
independence? Up to 830,000 barrels a day of oil will be transported through this pipeline. Contrary to what the President has said, 100,000 barrels a day from the Bakken, which is shared be-tween North Dakota and Montana, will be put into that pipeline close to Baker, Montana. 
The President was just given four 
Pinocchios by the Washington Post yesterday for claiming that the Key-stone Pipeline bypassed the United States. 
I would like to have the President 
come to Montana. I will pick him up in Billings, and we will drive in my pick-up. I will show him where the proposed siting is for the Baker onramp where 100,000 barrels a day of made-in-Mon-tana and made-in-North Dakota oil will enter the Keystone Pipeline. The people of Montana and the people in the Bakken region know the Presi-dent’s claim is absolutely false. 
With gas dropping under two bucks a 
gallon where I am from, that has been a welcomed change for many, many hard-working Montana families. Why are gas prices dropping? It is because we are seeing more made-in-America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.036 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1244 March 3, 2015 
energy. Again, this lowering in gas 
prices will result in approximately $750 a year of savings for the average Amer-ican household. That is a good thing. But rather than hitting pause on our energy production, it is time to encour-age it. 
Just this morning we were reminded 
by Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu that we are living in an increasingly dangerous world. Our energy security isn’t just about jobs and low energy prices. It is directly tied to our na-tional security. Whether it is ISIS, whether it is Boko Haram in Nigeria and Chad, whether it is the Russian ag-gression in Eastern Europe or the growing threat of a nuclear Iran, it is vitally important we move forward with more made-in-America energy be-cause many of these regions that are filled with turmoil supply much of the world’s oil and natural gas. 
I remember just a year ago when we 
were having some challenges and we looked at the numbers of what is going on in Ukraine. Nearly 40 percent of the natural gas that is supplied in Europe comes through pipelines going through Ukraine. Thankfully, as the United States becomes the world’s largest oil producer this year, surpassing both Russia and Saudi Arabia, these are positive steps forward towards a more secure future for our children and grandchildren. We need more made-in- America energy, not more made-in-the- Middle East oil. The Keystone Pipeline will help us do just that. 
Looking forward, the President’s 
veto isn’t the end. This week we will vote to override the President’s veto. I hope we can get three or four more Senators onboard for this veto vote, and we can do it in the Senate. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It was encouraging to see a good bipartisan vote in the Senate and in the House in support of the Keystone Pipeline. Let’s stand together, and let’s stand with the American people and override the President’s shortsighted veto. Regardless of the vote, the fight is not over. 
This week the President himself said 
he would make a final decision on this pipeline. I hope he does. You realize it took the Canadians just 7 months to approve the Keystone Pipeline—7 months. It has now taken our Presi-dent over 6 years without approving the pipeline. We must keep the pres-sure on this administration. We must continue to fight for American jobs, American opportunity, American en-ergy independence, and low energy prices. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
REMEMBERING MINNIE MINOSO 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Sun-
day, America lost a baseball legend when Saturino Orestes Armas Minoso 
Arrieta passed away. We knew him as the Cuban Comet, as Mr. White Sox, as the heart and soul of Chicago baseball on the South Side, and a beacon of hope for Cuban athletes everywhere. It is with great sorrow that Chicago loses its South Side White Sox champion only days after the North Side Cubs lost their champion, Ernie Banks. 
Before Minnie was Major League 
Baseball’s first black Latino star, he was the son of a sugarcane plantation worker in Perico, Cuba. He started his professional baseball career in Cuba, playing for $2 a game with the Ambro-sia Candy team in Havana for the 1943 season. He also worked in the company garage for $8 a week. But within a cou-ple of years, he made it to Havana’s Marianao team, making $150 a month, which soon became $200 a month to keep him from moving even more quickly in his career. 
By 1946, Minnie’s talent couldn’t be 
kept away from bigger leagues. He signed a $300 deal to play for the New York Cubans of the Negro National League. Minnie played third base for the Cubans, batted .294, played in the All-Star Game, and helped them win the pennant. They would beat the Cleveland Buckeyes in the World Se-ries. 
The Cleveland Indians hired Minoso 
in 1949, but the Indians barely used him. He spent the next 2 years in the minor leagues. In 1951, the Indians made a three-team trade with the White Sox and Philadelphia Phillies, and Minnie arrived in Chicago. 
Minnie Minoso was the first Black 
player to wear a Chicago White Sox uniform. His first at-bat was a home run. That first year, the fans gave him his own day, and he was selected for the All-Star Game. He drove opponents mad with his ability to get on base and steal bases. He unabashedly crowded the plate and was hit by a pitch 192 times—just so he could steal second. 
Minnie Minoso played 12 seasons with 
the White Sox over five decades. The seven-time All-Star was The Sporting News Rookie of the Year in 1951, he won three Gold Gloves in left field, and finished in the top four in American League MVP four times. His number was retired in 1983. Minnie had a won-derful career. He is one of two players ever to appear in a major league game in five decades. During the 1950’s, two players had 100 homeruns, 100 stolen bases, and batted .300. Those two were the legendary Willie Mays and Minnie Minoso. 
But his life was bigger than numbers. 
He brought optimism to all those around him. Nothing made him happier than when the White Sox won the World Series in 2005 with fellow Cubans Jose Conteras and Orlando Hernandez playing pivotal roles. 
Minnie Minoso was a great treasure 
to Chicago. He used to cruise the Chi-cago streets in his big car with a White Sox flag flying and his dog Jewel on the front seat. Through all the decades he spent in Chicago, he helped make 
the town, the White Sox, and the sport of baseball a joy for thousands of fans. He will be missed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
the House adopted the Department of Homeland Security funding bill with-out poison pill riders. The bill passed the Senate on Friday, and will fund the Department of Homeland Security through September 30, 2015—the end of fiscal year 2015. 
I am glad Congress finally put par-
tisanship aside and funded the security of the American people. And, I want to thank all those who protect our coun-try, from the Coast Guard to the Se-cret Service, to cyber security profes-sionals and intelligence analysts. Your funds are secure. 
The mission of the Department of 
Homeland Security is to protect Amer-ica from terrorism and help commu-nities respond to all threats, including those from terrorists and natural disas-ters. This is a good bill and there was no disagreement on the funding. In De-cember, working with Senator C
OATS  
and Senator Landrieu, and our House colleagues, we agreed that vital fund-ing for the Department of Homeland Security would total $46 billion—over $1 billion more than a continuing fund-ing resolution. 
I am glad this responsible bill to fund 
the mission of the Department of Homeland Security and its employees is heading to the President’s desk. DHS employees are on the job every day. The Coast Guard is literally breaking ice to keep the economy flowing. The Secret Service is protecting the Presi-dent and fighting credit card fraud. Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents are secur-ing our borders and enforcing our im-migration laws. The Federal Emer-gency Management Agency is pre-paring for and responding to disasters, including hurricanes and blizzards. There are cyber warriors securing our networks. And through grant programs the funding supports State and local law enforcement, fire fighters, and EMS. Now, after 5 months, we have done our job to put the resources into the hands of the workers who defend America. 
It is my hope that with passage of 
the homeland security funding bill, Congress can end the era of divisive shutdown politics. The millions of men and women serving in our military and the civil service, who work every day to make this a better Nation, deserve respect and the resources to do their jobs. 
Looking ahead, I look forward to 
working across the aisle and across the dome to debate and complete all 12 fis-cal year 2016 appropriations bills in an orderly way, without poison pill riders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.038 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1245 March 3, 2015 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was 
necessarily absent for yesterday’s vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to go to conference on the House message to accompany H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act. I would have voted nay. 
As well, I was necessarily absent for 
yesterday’s vote on the motion to table the request to go to conference on H.R. 240, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Appropriations Act. I would have voted aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN HAMMER 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I would 
like to take this opportunity to recog-nize a great friend and gifted wordsmith, Dan Hammer, who is retir-ing after a long and distinguished ca-reer in public service. 
Born and raised in San Jose, Dan at-
tended UC Santa Cruz before moving to Boston to manage an antiwar printing press. He returned to the San Fran-cisco Bay area soon afterwards, where he cut his editing teeth as a typesetter for Rolling Stone magazine. 
I first crossed paths with Dan during 
my 1992 Senate campaign. Dan stopped by my San Diego campaign office after work one day, and his immense talents immediately caught the attention of my local campaign manager. Dan quickly became one of my hardest working volunteers, doing everything from writing memos and news advisories to helping manage my pub-lic events. After I won the election, I knew I had to have Dan on my team. Although it took some convincing, he joined my San Diego district office in 1994. 
Dan has held many positions in my 
offices over the years. As a San Diego- based field representative, he served as my eyes and ears on the ground, keep-ing me apprised of critical issues in southern California. As my deputy press secretary based out of my Wash-ington, DC office, Dan worked many late nights writing press releases and staffing me at events. As my con-stituent communications director, Dan moved my entire legislative cor-respondence operation from DC to southern California, managing the full operation with discipline and precision. Under his leadership, my legislative correspondence team answers 200,000 letters and emails every month, and he uses his exceptional communications skills every day to share my work with the constituents I serve. Through it all, he has helped teach a generation of young staffers how to effectively com-municate about the most important issues and ideas of our time. 
Outside of work, Dan selflessly gives 
his time to the causes he believes in. Whether volunteering with environ-mental organizations like the Planning and Conservation League, working for other elected officials including Con-gresswoman S
USAN DAVIS, or joining 
the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary, Dan has always been dedicated to making his community a better place to live. 
For more than 20 years, Dan has been 
a trusted ally, advisor, and friend. As he begins his retirement and embarks on the next exciting chapter of his life, I send him, his wife Shelley, and their entire family my best wishes, deep af-fection, and abiding gratitude. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13660 ON MARCH 6, 2014, AS MODI-FIED BY THE ORDER OF DECEM-BER 19, 2014, WITH RESPECT TO UKRAINE—PM 8 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014, is to con-tinue in effect beyond March 6, 2015. 
The actions and policies of persons 
that undermine democratic processes and institutions in Ukraine; threaten its peace, security, stability, sov-ereignty, and territorial integrity; and contribute to the misappropriation of its assets, as well as the actions and policies of the Government of the Rus-sian Federation, including its pur-ported annexation of Crimea and its use of force in Ukraine, continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. There-fore, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency declared in Executive Order 13660 with respect to Ukraine. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 3, 2015. CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13288 ON MARCH 6, 2003, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE GOVERNMENT OF ZIMBABWE AND OTHER PERSONS TO UNDERMINE ZIMBABWE’S DEMOCRATIC PROCESSES OR IN-STITUTIONS—PM 9 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13288 of March 6, 2003, with re-spect to the actions and policies of cer-tain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to under-mine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond March 6, 2015. 
The threat constituted by the actions 
and policies of certain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to undermine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institutions has not been resolved. These actions and policies continue to pose an un-usual and extraordinary threat to the foreign policy of the United States. For these reasons, I have determined that it is necessary to continue this na-tional emergency and to maintain in force the sanctions to respond to this threat. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , March 3, 2015 . 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:17 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 280. An act to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
H.R. 294. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 2 of the Migratory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.050 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1246 March 3, 2015 
Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 715a), 
and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Migra-tory Bird Conservation Commission: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to Executive Order No. 12131, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Presi-dent’s Export Council: Mr. K
ILDEE of 
Michigan and Ms. D ELBENE of Wash-
ington. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 280. An act to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 294. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 625. A bill to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
*Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, to be a Mem-
ber of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring October 13, 2018. 
*Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to 
be a Member of the Farm Credit Administra-tion Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring May 21, 2020. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON: 
S. 623. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effec-tively deter, detect , disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their 
primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
W
ICKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): 
S. 624. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screen-ing tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screen-ing; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL: 
S. 625. A bill to provide for congressional 
review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other pur-poses; read the first time. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHUMER ): 
S. 626. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to cover physician services delivered by podiatric physicians to ensure access by Medicaid beneficiaries to appro-priate quality foot and ankle care, to amend title XVIII of such Act to modify the re-quirements for diabetic shoes to be included under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. F LAKE , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
THUNE , and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 627. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in electronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ): 
S. 628. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K IRK, and Mr. 
BLUNT ): 
S. 629. A bill to enable hospital-based nurs-
ing programs that are affiliated with a hos-pital to maintain payments under the Medi-care program to hospitals for the costs of such programs; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ): 
S. 630. A bill to establish the Sacramento- 
San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 631. A bill to exempt National Forest 
System land in the State of Alaska from the Roadless Area Conservation Rule; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 632. A bill to strengthen the position of 
the United States as the world’s leading in-novator by amending title 35, United States Code, to protect the property rights of the inventors that grow the country’s economy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 633. A bill to prohibit certain assistance 
to the Palestinian Authority; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. GARDNER: 
S. 634. A bill to prohibit the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency from recouping certain assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 635. A bill to amend the FAA Moderniza-
tion and Reform Act of 2012 to provide guid-ance and limitations regarding the integra-
tion of unmanned aircraft systems into United States airspace, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 636. A bill to reduce prescription drug 
misuse and abuse; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. 
W
YDEN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 637. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. L EE, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. V IT-
TER): 
S. 638. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act 
with respect to exceptional event demonstra-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
LEE, Mr. C OATS , and Mr. C ORNYN ): 
S. 639. A bill to require the Administrator 
of the Environmental Protection Agency to include in any proposed rule that limits greenhouse gas emissions and imposes in-creased costs on other Federal agencies an offset from funds available to the Adminis-trator for all projected increased costs that the proposed rule would impose on other Federal agencies; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. E NZI, Mr. C OATS , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. C ORNYN , and Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 640. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to 
delay the review and revision of the national ambient air quality standards for ozone; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. 
E
RNST ): 
S. 641. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the employer wage credit for activated military reservists; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 642. A bill to aid human trafficking vic-
tims’ recovery and rehabilitation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ): 
S. 643. A bill to amend titles I and II of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to strengthen connections to early childhood education programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 644. A bill to resolve title issues involv-
ing real property and equipment acquired using funds provided under the Alaska Kiln Drying Grant Program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 645. A bill to assist States in providing 
voluntary high-quality universal prekinder-garten programs and programs to support in-fants and toddlers; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): 
S. 646. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide an individual with a mental health screening before the indi-vidual enlists in the Armed Forces or is com-missioned as an officer in the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.004 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1247 March 3, 2015 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B ARRASSO , 
and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 647. A bill to repeal title I of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act and to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-vide for cooperative governing of individual health insurance coverage offered in inter-state commerce; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ): 
S. Res. 94. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
I
NHOFE ): 
S. Res. 95. A resolution designating March 
3, 2015, as ‘‘World Wildlife Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
NELSON , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. Con. Res. 7. A concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 51 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 51, a bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to prohibit family planning grants from being awarded to any entity that performs abortions, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
S. 228 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 228, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for con-gressional and State approval of na-tional monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments. 
S. 259 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 259, a bill to modify the efficiency standards for grid-enabled water heat-ers. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 262, a bill to reau-thorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from 
Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordi-nation of the Federal permitting proc-ess through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. D AINES ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 317 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 317, a bill to improve early education. 
S. 332 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 332, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the extension of the Medicare-dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hos-pital program. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, 
a bill to improve the provisions relat-ing to the privacy of electronic com-munications. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Texas 
(Mr. C ORNYN ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 373, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of nationally uniform and en-vironmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-
vide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced domestically by certain qualifying producers. 
S. 388 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
388, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require humane treatment of animals by Federal Government facili-ties. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 439, a bill to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 440 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from South Dakota 
(Mr. T HUNE ) and the Senator from Ar-
kansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 440, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for an exclusion for assistance pro-vided to participants in certain veteri-nary student loan repayment or for-giveness. 
S. 489 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
489, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to increase the maximum value of articles that may be imported duty- free by one person on one day. 
S. 499 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
499, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to prevent concur-rent receipt of unemployment benefits and Social Security disability insur-ance, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 588 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 588, a bill to require the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission to establish a consumer product safety standard for liquid detergent packets to protect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other purposes. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 599, a bill to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psy-chiatric demonstration project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.009 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1248 March 3, 2015 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital dem-onstration program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 615 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 615, a bill to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 87 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 87, a resolution to express the sense of the Senate regarding the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to encourage greater cooperation with the European governments, the European Union, and the Organization for Secu-rity and Co-operation in Europe in pre-venting and responding to anti-Semi-tism. 
S. RES. 88 
At the request of Mr. C OCHRAN , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 88, a resolution cele-brating Black History Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. M CCONNELL: 
S. 625. A bill to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agree-ments relating to Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 625 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Nuclear 
Agreement Review Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 
2011 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 134 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 135. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND OVER-
SIGHT OF AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN. 
‘‘(a) T RANSMISSION TO CONGRESS OF NU-
CLEAR AGREEMENTS WITH IRAN AND  
VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT WITHRESPECT TO  
SUCHAGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) T RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS .—Not 
later than 5 calendar days after reaching an agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall trans-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees— ‘‘(A) the text of the agreement and all re-
lated materials and annexes; 
‘‘(B) a verification assessment report of the 
Secretary of State prepared under paragraph (2) with respect to the agreement; and 
‘‘(C) a certification that— ‘‘(i) the agreement includes the appro-
priate terms, conditions, and duration of the agreement’s requirements with respect to Iran’s nuclear activities and provisions de-scribing any sanctions to be waived, sus-pended, or otherwise reduced by the United States, and any other nation or entity, in-cluding the United Nations; and 
‘‘(ii) the President determines the agree-
ment meets United States non-proliferation objectives, does not jeopardize the common defense and security, provides an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s nuclear ac-tivities permitted thereunder will not be in-imical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security, and en-sures that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, including for any research on or de-velopment of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose. 
‘‘(2) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
shall prepare, with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), a report assess-ing— 
‘‘(i) the extent to which the Secretary will 
be able to verify that Iran is complying with its obligations under the agreement; 
‘‘(ii) the adequacy of the safeguards and 
other control mechanisms and other assur-ances contained in the agreement with re-spect to Iran’s nuclear program to ensure Iran’s activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclear-related military or nuclear explosive purpose, in-cluding for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclear-related military purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the capacity and capability of the 
International Atomic Energy Agency to ef-fectively implement the verification regime required by the agreement, including wheth-er the International Atomic Energy Agency 
has the required funding, manpower, and au-thority to do so. 
‘‘(B) A
SSUMPTIONS .—In preparing a report 
under subparagraph (A) with respect to an agreement described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall assume that Iran could— 
‘‘(i) use all measures not expressly prohib-
ited by the agreement to conceal activities that violate its obligations under the agree-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) alter or deviate from standard prac-
tices in order to impede efforts to verify that Iran is complying with those obligations. 
‘‘(C) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—A report under 
subparagraph (A) shall be transmitted in un-classified form, but shall include a classified annex prepared in consultation with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, summarizing relevant classified information. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall not apply to an agreement defined in sub-section (i)(4). 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS OF  
NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—During the 60-day period 
following transmittal by the President of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a), the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives shall, as appro-priate, hold hearings and briefings and other-wise obtain information in order to fully re-view such agreement. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON ACTIONS DURING PERIOD  
OF REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other pro-
vision of law, except as provided in para-graph (3), during the period for review pro-
vided in paragraph (1), the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition under 
paragraph (2) does not apply to any deferral, waiver, or other suspension of statutory sanctions pursuant to the Joint Plan of Ac-tion if that deferral, waiver, or other suspen-sion is made— 
‘‘(A) consistent with the law in effect on 
the date of the enactment of the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 45 days before the 
transmission by the President of an agree-ment, assessment report, and certification under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF CONGRESSIONAL ACTION  
WITH RESPECT TO NUCLEAR AGREEMENTS  
WITHIRAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States pursuant to an agreement sub-ject to subsection (a) or the Joint Plan of Action— 
‘‘(A) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, during the period for review provided in subsection (b)(1), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Congress does favor the agreement; 
‘‘(B) may not be taken if, during the period 
for review provided in subsection (b)(1), the Congress adopts, and there is enacted, a joint resolution stating in substance that the Con-gress does not favor the agreement; or 
‘‘(C) may be taken, consistent with exist-
ing statutory requirements for such action, if, following the period for review provided in subsection (b)(1), there is not enacted any such joint resolution. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subsection, the phrase ‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’ shall include waiver, suspen-sion, reduction, or other effort to provide re-lief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran under any provision of law or any other ef-fort to refrain from applying any such sanc-tions. 
‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF IRANIAN  
COMPLIANCE WITHNUCLEAR AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall, 
within 10 days of receiving credible and accu-rate information relating to a potentially significant breach or compliance incident by Iran with respect to an agreement subject to subsection (a), submit such information to the appropriate congressional committees. 
‘‘(2) M
ATERIAL BREACH REPORT .—Not later 
than 10 days after submitting information about a potentially significant breach or compliance incident pursuant to paragraph (1), the President shall make a determina-tion whether such potentially significant breach or compliance issue constitutes a ma-terial breach and shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees such deter-mination, accompanied by, as appropriate, a report on the action or failure to act by Iran that led to the material breach, actions nec-essary for Iran to cure the breach, and the status of Iran’s efforts to cure the breach. 
‘‘(3) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 
180 days after entering into an agreement de-scribed in subsection (a), and not less fre-quently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on Iran’s nuclear program and the compliance of Iran with the agreement during the period 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.011 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1249 March 3, 2015 
covered by the report, including the fol-
lowing elements: 
‘‘(A) Any action or failure to act by Iran 
that breached the agreement or is in non-compliance with the terms of the agreement. 
‘‘(B) Any delay by Iran of more than one 
week in providing inspectors access to facili-ties, people, and documents in Iran as re-quired by the agreement. 
‘‘(C) Any progress made by Iran to resolve 
concerns by the International Atomic En-ergy Agency about possible military dimen-sions of Iran’s nuclear program. 
‘‘(D) Any procurement by Iran of materials 
in violation of the agreement. 
‘‘(E) Any centrifuge research and develop-
ment conducted by Iran that— 
‘‘(i) is not in compliance with the agree-
ment; or 
‘‘(ii) may substantially enhance the enrich-
ment capacity of Iran if deployed. 
‘‘(F) Any diversion by Iran of uranium, 
carbon-fiber, or other materials for use in Iran’s nuclear program in violation of the agreement. 
‘‘(G) Any covert nuclear activities under-
taken by Iran. 
‘‘(H) An assessment of whether any Iranian 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, in-cluding names of specific financial institu-tions if applicable. 
‘‘(I) An assessment of— ‘‘(i) whether, and the extent to which, Iran 
supported acts of terrorism; and 
‘‘(ii) whether Iran directly supported, fi-
nanced, planned, or carried out an act of ter-rorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world. 
‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS AND INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) A GENCY REPORTS .—Following submis-
sion of an agreement pursuant to subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional commit-tees, the Department of State, the Depart-ment of Energy, and the Department of De-fense shall, upon the request of either of those committees, promptly furnish to those committees their views as to whether the safeguards and other controls contained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program provide an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s activities permitted there-under will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security. 
‘‘(B) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION ON NUCLEAR  
INITIATIVES WITH IRAN .—The President shall 
keep the appropriate congressional commit-tees fully and currently informed of any ini-tiative or negotiations with Iran relating Iran’s nuclear program, including any new or amended agreement. 
‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION .—After the review pe-
riod provided in subsection (b)(1), the Presi-dent shall, not less than every 90 days— 
‘‘(A) determine whether the President is 
able to certify that— 
‘‘(i) Iran is transparently, verifiably, and 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agree-ments; 
‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material 
breach with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, in-
cluding covert action, that could signifi-cantly advance its nuclear weapons program; 
‘‘(iv) Iran has not directly supported or 
carried out an act of terrorism against the United States or a United States person any-where in the world; and 
‘‘(v) suspension of sanctions related to Iran 
pursuant to the agreement is— 
‘‘(I) appropriate and proportionate to the 
specific and verifiable measures taken by Iran with respect to terminating its illicit 
nuclear program; and 
‘‘(II) vital to the national security inter-
ests of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) if the President determines he is able 
to make the certification described in sub-paragraph (A), make such certification to the appropriate congressional committees. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(5) or has determined pursuant to subsection (d)(2) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a), Congress may initiate within 60 days expedited consideration of qualifying legislation pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFYING LEGISLATION DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘quali-fying legislation’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— 
‘‘(A) the title of which is as follows: ‘A bill 
reinstating statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran.’; and 
‘‘(B) the matter after the enacting clause 
of which is: ‘Any statutory sanctions im-posed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that were waived, suspended, re-
duced, or otherwise relieved pursuant to an agreement submitted pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 are hereby reinstated and any action by the United States Government to facilitate the release of funds or assets to Iran pursuant to such agreement, or provide any further waiv-er, suspension, reduction, or other relief is hereby prohibited.’, with the blank space being filled in with the law or laws under which sanctions are to be reinstated. 
‘‘(3) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the 60-day pe-
riod provided for in paragraph (1), qualifying legislation may be introduced— 
‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by 
the Speaker (or the Speaker’s designee) or the minority leader (or the minority leader’s designee); and 
‘‘(B) in the Senate, by the majority leader 
(or the majority leader’s designee) or the mi-nority leader (or the minority leader’s des-ignee). 
‘‘(4) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—Qualifying leg-
islation introduced in the Senate shall be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions and in the House of Representatives to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee of ei-
ther House to which qualifying legislation has been referred has not reported such qualifying legislation within 10 session days after the date of referral of such legislation, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of such legislation and the qualifying legislation shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. 
‘‘(6) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) P ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—After 
each committee authorized to consider qualifying legislation reports it to the House of Representatives or has been discharged from its consideration, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the qualifying legislation in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a mo-tion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the quali-fying legislation. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The motion shall not be debatable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATION .—The qualifying legis-
lation shall be considered as read. All points of order against the qualifying legislation and against its consideration are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the qualifying legislation to its 
passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the qualifying legislation shall not be in order. No amendment to, or motion to re-commit, qualifying legislation shall be in order. 
‘‘(C) A
PPEALS .—All appeals from the Chair 
relating to the application of the Rules of the House of Representatives to the proce-dure relating to the qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(7) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding Rule 
XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the committee authorized to consider qualifying legislation reports it to the Senate or has been dis-charged from its consideration (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) to move to proceed to the consideration of qualifying legislation, and all points of order against qualifying legisla-tion (and against consideration of the quali-fying legislation) are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the qualifying legislation is agreed to, the qualifying legislation shall remain the unfinished business until disposed of. 
‘‘(B) D
EBATE .—Debate on qualifying legis-
lation, and on all debatable motions and ap-peals in connection therewith, shall be lim-ited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees. A mo-tion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a mo-tion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the qualifying legislation is not in order. 
‘‘(C) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on pas-
sage shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in ac-cordance with the rules of the Senate. 
‘‘(D) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the 
Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
‘‘(E) C
ONSIDERATION OF VETO MESSAGES .— 
Debate in the Senate of any veto message 
with respect to qualifying legislation, in-cluding all debatable motions and appeals in connection with such qualifying legislation, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally di-vided between, and controlled by, the major-ity leader and the minority leader or their designees. 
‘‘(8) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following proce-dures shall apply: 
‘‘(i) The qualifying legislation of the other 
House shall not be referred to a committee. 
‘‘(ii) With respect to qualifying legislation 
of the House receiving the legislation— 
‘‘(I) the procedure in that House shall be 
the same as if no qualifying legislation had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
qualifying legislation of the other House. 
‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION OF  
OTHER HOUSE .—If one House fails to intro-
duce or consider qualifying legislation under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.012 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1250 March 3, 2015 
this section, the qualifying legislation of the 
other House shall be entitled to expedited floor procedures under this section. 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEAS -
URES .—If, following passage of the qualifying 
legislation in the Senate, the Senate then re-ceives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—Subsection (e) is enacted by 
Congress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the pro-cedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sec-tions, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the 
rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
‘‘(g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
the section shall be construed as— 
‘‘(1) modifying, or having any other impact 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate execu-tive agreements, other than the restrictions on implementation of the agreements spe-cifically covered by this Act; 
‘‘(2) allowing any new waiver, suspension, 
reduction, or other relief from statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any pro-vision of law, or allowing the President to refrain from applying any such sanctions pursuant to an agreement described in sub-section (a) during the period for review pro-vided in subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(3) revoking or terminating any statutory 
sanctions imposed on Iran; or 
‘‘(4) authorizing the use of military force 
against Iran. 
‘‘(h) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
‘‘(1) the sanctions regime imposed on Iran 
by Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
‘‘(2) these negotiations are a critically im-
portant matter of national security and for-eign policy for the United States and its closest allies; and 
‘‘(3) it is critically important that Con-
gress have the opportunity to consider and, as appropriate, take action on any agree-ment affecting the statutory sanctions re-gime imposed by Congress. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A GREEMENT AND ALL RELATED MATE -
RIALS AND ANNEXES .—The term ‘agreement 
and all related materials and annexes’ means the agreement itself and any additional ma-terials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, imple-menting materials, documents, and guid-ance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
‘‘(3) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘Iranian financial institution’ has the meaning given the term in section 104A(d) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513b(d)). ‘‘(4) J
OINT PLAN OF ACTION .—The term 
‘Joint Plan of Action’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Ac-tion, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, the exten-sion agreed to on November 24, 2014, and any extension that is agreed to on or after the date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. 
‘‘(5) M
ATERIAL BREACH .—The term ‘mate-
rial breach’ means, with respect to an agree-ment described in subsection (a), any breach of the agreement that substantially— 
‘‘(A) benefits Iran’s nuclear program; ‘‘(B) decreases the amount of time required 
by Iran to achieve a nuclear weapon; or 
‘‘(C) deviates from or undermines the pur-
poses of such agreement. 
‘‘(6) N
ONCOMPLIANCE DEFINED .—The term 
‘noncompliance’ means any departure from the terms of an agreement described in sub-section (a) that is not a material breach. 
‘‘(7) P5+
1 COUNTRIES .—The term ‘P5+1 coun-
tries’ means the United States, France, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany. 
‘‘(8) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8511).’’. 
This act shall become effective 1 day after 
enactment. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 630. A bill to establish the Sac-
ramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise on behalf of myself and Senator B
OXER to introduce legislation to es-
tablish a National Heritage Area in the California Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. This legislation will create the first Heritage Area in California. 
This bill was first introduced in 2011 
and has been the subject of Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearings in both the 112th and 113th Congresses. Since then, the Delta Protection Com-mission has completed a feasibility study, as required, and endorsed the legislation. Additionally, the National Park Service has confirmed that the study is consistent with the agency’s interim National Heritage Area Feasi-bility Study Guidelines. 
I was pleased to have had the oppor-
tunity to work with Senator B
OXER , 
Representative J OHN GARAMENDI , and 
the County Supervisors from the five Delta Counties to develop this legisla-tion and look forward to continuing to partner with them as well as local, State and Federal agencies to care for and improve the Delta. 
This bill will establish the Sac-
ramento-San Joaquin Delta as a Na-tional Heritage Area. The purpose of the heritage area is to conserve and protect the Delta, its communities, its resources, and its history. 
The Delta Protection Commission, 
created by California law and respon-sible to the citizens of the Delta and California, will manage the Heritage 
Area. It will ensure an open and public process, working with all levels of Fed-eral, State, and local government, tribes, local stakeholders, and private property owners as it develops and im-plements the management plan for the Heritage Area. The bill authorizes $10 million in Federal assistance over the next 15 years to provide technical as-sistance and matching grants to local governments and nonprofit organiza-tions to implement the management plan to conserve and protect the delta’s natural, historical and cultural re-sources. 
It is also important to understand 
what this legislation will not do. It will not affect water rights. It will not af-fect water contracts. It will not affect private property. It will not affect fish-ing or hunting. 
Nothing in this bill gives any govern-
mental agency any more regulatory power than it already has, nor does it take away regulatory from agencies that have it. 
In short, this bill does not affect 
water rights or water contracts, nor does it impose any additional respon-sibilities on local government or resi-dents. Instead, it authorizes Federal assistance to a local process already re-quired by State law that will elevate the Delta, providing a means to con-serve and protect its valued commu-nities, resources, and history. 
The Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta 
is the largest estuary on the West Coast. It is the most extensive inland delta in the world, and a unique na-tional treasure. 
Today, it is a labyrinth of sloughs, 
wetlands, and deepwater channels that connect the waters of the high Sierra mountain streams to the Pacific Ocean through the San Francisco Bay. Its ap-proximately 60 islands are protected by 1,100 miles of levees, and are home to 3,500,000 residents, including 2,500 fam-ily farmers. The Delta and its farmers produce some of the highest quality specialty crops in the United States. 
The Delta offers recreational oppor-
tunities to the two million Californians who visit the area each year for boat-ing, fishing, hunting, visiting historic sites, and viewing wildlife. It provides habitat for more than 750 species of plants and wildlife. These include sand hill cranes that migrate to the Delta wetland from places as far away as Si-beria. The Delta also provides habitat for 55 species of fish, including Chinook salmon, some as large as 60 pounds, that return each year to travel through the Delta to spawn in the tributaries. 
These same waterways also channel 
fresh water to the Federal and State- owned pumps in the South Delta that provide water to 23 million Califor-nians and three million acres of irri-gated agricultural land elsewhere in the State. 
Before the Delta was reclaimed for 
farmland in the 19th Century, the Delta flooded regularly with snow melt each spring, and provided the rich envi-ronment that, by 1492, supported the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.012 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1251 March 3, 2015 
largest settlement of Native Americans 
in North America. 
The Delta was the gateway to the 
gold fields in 1849, after which Chinese workers built hundreds of miles of lev-ees throughout the waterways of the Delta to make its rich peat soils avail-able for farming and to control flood-ing. 
Japanese, Italians, German, Por-
tuguese, Dutch, Greeks, South Asians and other immigrants began the farm-ing legacy, and developed technologies specifically adapted to the unique envi-ronment, including the Caterpillar Tractor, which later contributed to ag-riculture and transportation inter-nationally. 
Delta communities created a river 
culture befitting their dependence on water transport, a culture which has attracted the attention of authors from Mark Twain and Jack London to Joan Didion. 
The National Heritage Area designa-
tion for the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta will help local governments de-velop and implement a plan for a sus-tainable future by providing federal recognition, technical assistance and small amounts of funding to a commu-nity-based process already underway. 
Through the Delta Heritage Area, 
local communities and citizens will partner with Federal, State and local governments to collaboratively work to promote conservation, community revitalization, and economic develop-ment projects. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 630 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sacramento- 
San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area Establishment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) H
ERITAGE AREA .—The term ‘‘Heritage 
Area’’ means the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta Heritage Area established by section 3(a). 
(2) H
ERITAGE AREA MANAGEMENT PLAN .— 
The term ‘‘Heritage Area management plan’’ means the plan developed and adopted by the local coordinating entity under this Act. 
(3) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The term 
‘‘local coordinating entity’’ means the local coordinating entity for the Heritage Area designated by section 3(d). 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(5) S TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of California. 
SEC. 3. SACRAMENTO-SAN JOAQUIN DELTA HER-
ITAGE AREA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the ‘‘Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta Herit-age Area’’ in the State. 
(b) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the 
Heritage Area shall be in the counties of Contra Costa, Sacramento, San Joaquin, So-lano, and Yolo in the State of California, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Sac-ramento-San Joaquin Delta National Herit-
age Area Proposed Boundary’’, numbered T27/105,030, and dated October 2012. 
(c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map de-
scribed in subsection (b) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the National Park Service and the Delta Protection Commission. 
(d) L
OCAL COORDINATING ENTITY .—The local 
coordinating entity for the Heritage Area shall be the Delta Protection Commission es-tablished by section 29735 of the California Public Resources Code. 
(e) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
(1) A UTHORITIES .—For purposes of carrying 
out the Heritage Area management plan, the Secretary, acting through the local coordi-nating entity, may use amounts made avail-able under this Act to— 
(A) make grants to the State or a political 
subdivision of the State, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other persons; 
(B) enter into cooperative agreements 
with, or provide technical assistance to, the State or a political subdivision of the State, nonprofit organizations, and other interested parties; 
(C) hire and compensate staff, which shall 
include individuals with expertise in natural, cultural, and historical resources protection, 
and heritage programming; 
(D) obtain money or services from any 
source including any that are provided under any other Federal law or program; 
(E) contract for goods or services; and (F) undertake to be a catalyst for any 
other activity that furthers the Heritage Area and is consistent with the approved Heritage Area management plan. 
(2) D
UTIES .—The local coordinating entity 
shall— 
(A) in accordance with subsection (f), pre-
pare and submit a Heritage Area manage-ment plan to the Secretary; 
(B) assist units of local government, re-
gional planning organizations, and nonprofit organizations in carrying out the approved Heritage Area management plan by— 
(i) carrying out programs and projects that 
recognize, protect, and enhance important resource values in the Heritage Area; 
(ii) establishing and maintaining interpre-
tive exhibits and programs in the Heritage Area; 
(iii) developing recreational and edu-
cational opportunities in the Heritage Area; 
(iv) increasing public awareness of, and ap-
preciation for, natural, historical, scenic, and cultural resources of the Heritage Area; 
(v) protecting and restoring historic sites 
and buildings in the Heritage Area that are consistent with Heritage Area themes; 
(vi) ensuring that clear, consistent, and ap-
propriate signs identifying points of public access, and sites of interest are posted throughout the Heritage Area; and 
(vii) promoting a wide range of partner-
ships among governments, organizations, and individuals to further the Heritage Area; 
(C) consider the interests of diverse units 
of government, businesses, organizations, and individuals in the Heritage Area in the preparation and implementation of the Her-itage Area management plan; 
(D) conduct meetings open to the public at 
least semiannually regarding the develop-ment and implementation of the Heritage Area management plan; 
(E) for any year that Federal funds have 
been received under this Act— 
(i) submit an annual report to the Sec-
retary that describes the activities, ex-penses, and income of the local coordinating entity (including grants to any other enti-ties during the year that the report is made); 
(ii) make available to the Secretary for 
audit all records relating to the expenditure of the funds and any matching funds; and (iii) require, with respect to all agreements 
authorizing expenditure of Federal funds by other organizations, that the organizations receiving the funds make available to the Secretary for audit all records concerning the expenditure of the funds; and 
(F) encourage by appropriate means eco-
nomic viability that is consistent with the Heritage Area. 
(3) P
ROHIBITION ON THE ACQUISITION OF REAL  
PROPERTY .—The local coordinating entity 
shall not use Federal funds made available under this Act to acquire real property or any interest in real property. 
(4) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—The Fed-
eral share of the cost of any activity carried out using any assistance made available under this Act shall be 50 percent. 
(f) H
ERITAGE AREAMANAGEMENT PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the local coordinating entity shall submit to the Secretary for approval a proposed Heritage Area management plan. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Heritage Area 
management plan shall— 
(A) incorporate an integrated and coopera-
tive approach to agricultural resources and activities, flood protection facilities, and other public infrastructure; 
(B) emphasizes the importance of the re-
sources described in subparagraph (A); 
(C) take into consideration State and local 
plans; 
(D) include— (i) an inventory of— (I) the resources located in the core area 
described in subsection (b); and 
(II) any other property in the core area 
that— 
(aa) is related to the themes of the Herit-
age Area; and 
(bb) should be preserved, restored, man-
aged, or maintained because of the signifi-cance of the property; 
(ii) comprehensive policies, strategies and 
recommendations for conservation, funding, management, and development of the Herit-age Area; 
(iii) a description of actions that govern-
ments, private organizations, and individuals have agreed to take to protect the natural, historical and cultural resources of the Her-itage Area; 
(iv) a program of implementation for the 
Heritage Area management plan by the local coordinating entity that includes a descrip-tion of— 
(I) actions to facilitate ongoing collabora-
tion among partners to promote plans for re-source protection, restoration, and construc-tion; and 
(II) specific commitments for implementa-
tion that have been made by the local co-ordinating entity or any government, orga-nization, or individual for the first 5 years of operation; 
(v) the identification of sources of funding 
for carrying out the Heritage Area manage-ment plan; 
(vi) analysis and recommendations for 
means by which local, State, and Federal programs, including the role of the National Park Service in the Heritage Area, may best be coordinated to carry out this Act; and 
(vii) an interpretive plan for the Heritage 
Area; and 
(E) recommend policies and strategies for 
resource management that consider and de-tail the application of appropriate land and water management techniques, including the development of intergovernmental and inter-agency cooperative agreements to protect the natural, historical, cultural, educational, scenic, and recreational resources of the Her-itage Area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.009 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1252 March 3, 2015 
(3) R ESTRICTIONS .—The Heritage Area man-
agement plan submitted under this sub-section shall— 
(A) ensure participation by appropriate 
Federal, State, tribal, and local agencies, in-cluding the Delta Stewardship Council, spe-cial districts, natural and historical resource protection and agricultural organizations, educational institutions, businesses, rec-reational organizations, community resi-dents, and private property owners; and 
(B) not be approved until the Secretary has 
received certification from the Delta Protec-tion Commission that the Delta Stewardship Council has reviewed the Heritage Area man-agement plan for consistency with the plan adopted by the Delta Stewardship Council pursuant to State law. 
(4) D
EADLINE .—If a proposed Heritage Area 
management plan is not submitted to the Secretary by the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the local coordinating entity shall be ineligible to re-ceive additional funding under this Act until the date that the Secretary receives and ap-proves the Heritage Area management plan. 
(5) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL OF HERITAGE  
AREA MANAGEMENT PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of receipt of the Heritage Area management plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in consultation with the State, shall approve or disapprove the Heritage Area management plan. 
(B) C
RITERIA FOR APPROVAL .—In deter-
mining whether to approve the Heritage Area management plan, the Secretary shall consider whether— 
(i) the local coordinating entity is rep-
resentative of the diverse interests of the Heritage Area, including governments, nat-ural and historic resource protection organi-zations, educational institutions, businesses, and recreational organizations; 
(ii) the local coordinating entity has af-
forded adequate opportunity, including pub-lic hearings, for public and governmental in-volvement in the preparation of the Heritage Area management plan; and 
(iii) the resource protection and interpre-
tation strategies contained in the Heritage 
Area management plan, if implemented, would adequately protect the natural, his-torical, and cultural resources of the Herit-age Area. 
(C) A
CTION FOLLOWING DISAPPROVAL .—If the 
Secretary disapproves the Heritage Area management plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
(i) advise the local coordinating entity in 
writing of the reasons for the disapproval; 
(ii) make recommendations for revisions to 
the Heritage Area management plan; and 
(iii) not later than 180 days after the re-
ceipt of any proposed revision of the Herit-age Area management plan from the local coordinating entity, approve or disapprove the proposed revision. 
(D) A
MENDMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove or disapprove each amendment to the Heritage Area management plan that the Secretary determines make a substantial change to the Heritage Area management plan. 
(ii) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The local coordinating 
entity shall not use Federal funds authorized by this Act to carry out any amendments to the Heritage Area management plan until the Secretary has approved the amendments. 
(g) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act af-
fects the authority of a Federal agency to provide technical or financial assistance under any other law. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION AND COORDINATION .—The 
head of any Federal agency planning to con-duct activities that may have an impact on 
the Heritage Area is encouraged to consult and coordinate the activities with the Sec-retary and the local coordinating entity to the maximum extent practicable. 
(3) O
THER FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in 
this Act— 
(A) modifies, alters, or amends any law or 
regulation authorizing a Federal agency to manage Federal land under the jurisdiction of the Federal agency; 
(B) limits the discretion of a Federal land 
manager to implement an approved land use plan within the boundaries of the Heritage Area; or 
(C) modifies, alters, or amends any author-
ized use of Federal land under the jurisdic-tion of a Federal agency. 
(h) P
RIVATE PROPERTY AND REGULATORY  
PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
nothing in this Act— 
(A) abridges the rights of any property 
owner (whether public or private), including the right to refrain from participating in any plan, project, program, or activity conducted within the Heritage Area; 
(B) requires any property owner to permit 
public access (including access by Federal, State, or local agencies) to the property of the property owner, or to modify public ac-cess or use of property of the property owner under any other Federal, State, or local law; 
(C) alters any duly adopted land use regu-
lation, approved land use plan, or other regu-latory authority of any Federal, State or local agency, or conveys any land use or other regulatory authority to the local co-ordinating entity; 
(D) authorizes or implies the reservation or 
appropriation of water or water rights; 
(E) diminishes the authority of the State 
to manage fish and wildlife, including the regulation of fishing and hunting within the Heritage Area; or 
(F) creates any liability, or affects any li-
ability under any other law, of any private property owner with respect to any person injured on the private property. 
(2) O
PT OUT .—An owner of private property 
within the Heritage Area may opt out of par-ticipating in any plan, project, program, or activity carried out within the Heritage Area under this Act, if the property owner provides written notice to the local coordi-nating entity. 
(i) E
VALUATION ; REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years be-
fore the date on which authority for Federal funding terminates for the Heritage Area, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an evaluation of the accom-
plishments of the Heritage Area; and 
(B) prepare a report in accordance with 
paragraph (3). 
(2) E
VALUATION .—An evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1)(A) shall— 
(A) assess the progress of the local coordi-
nating entity with respect to— 
(i) accomplishing the purposes of this Act 
for the Heritage Area; and 
(ii) achieving the goals and objectives of 
the approved Heritage Area management plan; 
(B) analyze the Federal, State, local, and 
private investments in the Heritage Area to determine the leverage and impact of the in-vestments; and 
(C) review the management structure, 
partnership relationships, and funding of the Heritage Area for purposes of identifying the critical components for sustainability of the Heritage Area. 
(3) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Based on the evaluation 
conducted under paragraph (1)(A), the Sec-retary shall prepare a report that includes recommendations for the future role of the National Park Service, if any, with respect 
to the Heritage Area. 
(B) R
EQUIRED ANALYSIS .—If the report pre-
pared under subparagraph (A) recommends that Federal funding for the Heritage Area be reauthorized, the report shall include an analysis of— 
(i) ways in which Federal funding for the 
Heritage Area may be reduced or eliminated; and 
(ii) the appropriate time period necessary 
to achieve the recommended reduction or elimination. 
(C) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-
tion of the report, the Secretary shall sub-mit the report to— 
(i) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives. 
(j) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—Nothing in 
this Act— 
(1) precludes the local coordinating entity 
from using Federal funds made available under other laws for the purposes for which those funds were authorized; or 
(2) affects any water rights or contracts. 
SEC. 4. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act $10,000,000, of which not more than $1,000,000 may be made available for any fiscal year. 
(b) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—The Fed-
eral share of the total cost of any activity under this Act shall be determined by the Secretary, but shall be not more than 50 per-cent. 
(c) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal 
share of the total cost of any activity under this Act may be in the form of in-kind con-tributions of goods or services. 
SEC. 5. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a proposed Heritage 
Area management plan has not been sub-mitted to the Secretary by the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Heritage Area designation shall be rescinded. 
(b) F
UNDING AUTHORITY .—The authority of 
the Secretary to provide assistance under this Act terminates on the date that is 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): 
S. 631. A bill to exempt National For-
est System land in the State of Alaska from the Roadless Area Conservation 
Rule; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
rise today to introduce legislation that I have cosponsored for a number of years, that will remedy the problems that have been created by this adminis-tration’s decision to apply the, Inven-toried, Roadless Area Conservation Rule to Alaska, especially in Southeast Alaska’s Tongass National Forest, and also in the Chugach National Forest of Southcentral Alaska. I am joined today in introducing that bill by my Alaska colleague Senator D
ANSULLIVAN . 
Back in 2001 the Clinton administra-
tion promulgated the Nationwide Inventoried Area Roadless Conserva-tion Rule. Initially the rule did not cover the Tongass National Forest in Alaska, which has been the subject of congressional review and special legis-lation twice in the past 35 years, first in the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act in 1980, which re-duced the allowable timber harvest in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.014 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1253 March 3, 2015 
the 16.9-million acre forest from nearly 
1 billion board feet a year to a 450 mil-lion board foot harvest level, and later by the Tongass Timber Reform Act of 1990, which further reduced the allow-able harvest level to 267 million board feet annually. Congress in 1980 created 5.75 million acres of wilderness by cre-ating 14 wilderness areas in the forest, and in 1990 further reduced the lands available for timber harvesting by cre-ating five additional wilderness areas totaling 296,000 acres and 12 Land Unit Designation 11 areas of 727,700 acres that increased the protected acreages in the Tongass to more than 6.4 mil-lion. With the passage of the Sealaska lands bill in 2014, total protected acre-age in the Tongass has risen to 6.55 million acres. 
Lands classified for potential timber 
production have been drastically re-duced since the 1980 Act’s passage. In the Tongass Land Management Plans, TLPM, crafted after ANILCA’s passage, 13.3 million acres of the forest, nearly 
80 percent, have been restricted from resource development. Of the 9.5 mil-lion acres of commercial timber lands in the Tongass only 3.4 million were open for development after 1980 and only 800,000, including previously logged areas, were permitted/planned for harvest over a prospective 100-year timber rotation, harvesting limited to about 8,250 acres a year—4 percent of the total land area. That included about 400,000 ‘‘new’’ acres of new tim-ber lands over a century on top of the roughly 425,000 acres harvested since modern timber activities in Southeast Alaska began in the 1950’s and allowed in part for reentry in the future. Since passage of the Tongass Timber Reform Act, and since imposition of the Inven-toried Roadless Rule, potential har-vesting has dropped even further. 
The 2001 Inventoried Roadless Areas 
in the Tongass include 9.5 million acres, 57 percent of the entire forest, while 5.4 million acres, 99 percent, of the Chugach National Forest in Southcentral Alaska were placed in protected status. In the Tongass 7.4 million acres are in the highest pro-tected status of inventoried roadless meaning that not only can’t roads be built for forestry, but that access is not allowed for other uses such as re-newable energy development. Overall, between the Inventoried Roadless Rule and other land protections, fewer than 176,000 acres of ‘‘new’’ timber lands are planned for harvest over the next 100 years, cutting the allowable sale quan-tity below 267 mmbf. The drop in em-ployment in the region has been chilling. According to the Forest Serv-ice, total direct timber sector employ-ment fell from a high of 3,543 average annual employees in 1990 to 402 in 2007, Tongass employment in logging and sawmilling has declined from 409 in 2001, the first year of the roadless rule, to 114 by 2007. The drop off in timber activity would actually be higher ex-cept the State of Alaska, to the degree that it could, increased State timber sales. In 2002, for example, 73 percent of 
all timber cut in Southeast came from Federal forest lands, while by 2007 the percentage stood at barely half coming from Federal lands. 
Without changes in the roadless rule 
to allow some additional timber har-vest areas and other energy and min-eral development, no more than about 3 percent of the Nation’s largest forest will ever be developed and Southeast Alaska will be forced to depend solely on fisheries and tourism as economic engines, potentially returning the re-gion to its impoverished economy of the 1940s. 
Today I am introducing legislation to 
simply exempt Alaska from the Inven-toried Roadless Rule. That will not permit economic development on all 9.5 million acres of IRA lands in the Tongass or many of the lands in the Chugach. They will continue to be pro-tected by the terms of the national for-est plans for both forests. What it will do is permit land planners the flexi-bility to propose more rational land planning decisions in the future. It would allow the Forest Service the ability to permit road and electric transmission lines to be placed to tap the region’s huge hydroelectric poten-tial—there being 300 megawatts of hy-dropower available from known sites, if distribution lines can be built at rea-sonable cost to get the power to mar-kets. 
Adding some timber back to the tim-
ber base would allow a timber industry to again help the region’s economy. But that would not harm the environ-ment and wildlife. Already of the 537,451 acres of productive old-growth, POG, trees left in the Tongass, 437,000 are in permanent conservation areas— 81 percent. 
The roadless rule may make sense in 
the contiguous states since there are at least some roads and utility lines that cross those States’ national forests. In Southeast Alaska, however, there is no transportation network except a ma-rine ferry system, and no permitted electrical transmission system. It sim-ply made no sense in 2001 for the Inven-toried Roadless Rules to apply to Alas-ka. The rule is not needed since by ex-isting plans and regulations, even with-out IRA’s, 96 percent of the Tongass will remain protected. An exemption from the rule will simply allow Alas-kans an opportunity to make thought-ful decisions on development in a re-
gion 18 times larger than the state of Delaware, but with 1,300 miles of road in the entire region, 1/10 of the road miles of tiny Delaware. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. L EE, Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. I NHOFE , and 
Mr. V ITTER ): 
S. 638. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to exceptional event demonstrations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I thought 
I would rise to discuss legislation de-signed to address the bureaucratic 
overreach in the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’s air regulations. 
Since I last introduced these bills in 
June of 2014, EPA’s failures in this area have become even more glaring. At present, air regulations are stifling to both businesses and private citizens, and they are negatively impacting our economy. 
Let me say from the outset, we all 
want clean air. We are always in favor of protecting the environment and the air we breathe. I think we are not in favor of an EPA that places real regu-lations over common sense. 
Today I am introducing S. 638, S. 639, 
and S. 640, the CLEER Act, the OR-DEAL Act, and the Agency PAYGO for greenhouse gases. 
The CLEER Act eases the regulatory 
burden on States, including desert States such as Arizona that are home to so-called exceptional events such as dust storms. 
Dust storms in Arizona are not 
caused by man. They are naturally oc-curring events, just like tornadoes or blizzards in other parts of the country. When these dust storms occur in Ari-zona, they can cause a spike in the dust, or the PM–10 level. This is noth-ing the State can control. Yet this blip can cause Arizona and other affected States to fall out of compliance with Federal air quality standards. Again, this is through no fault of their own. It can lead to a loss of transportation dol-lars, even from the Federal Govern-ment. 
Thanks to EPA rules, States end up 
wasting vast amounts of manpower, countless work hours, and lots of tax-payer dollars on reviews and appeals for events they cannot control or avoid. 
For example, the Arizona Depart-
ment of Environmental Quality, the Maricopa Air Quality Department, and the Maricopa Association of Govern-ments in 2011 and 2012 spent $675,000 and 790 staff hours just to prove a spike in PM–10 levels was caused by a dust storm, not pollution. 
These EPA reviews are arbitrary, 
cumbersome, and costly. They lack an appeals process that further defies common sense. The EPA has contin-ually assured me it would issue a rule to help ease the burdens on States, all the States that have to weather forces of nature such as this. Yet despite these promises, the EPA has continued to backtrack and shift deadlines, and to date has not issued a workable pro-posed rule. 
My legislation on the CLEER Act 
would require the EPA to move for-ward with a rulemaking, and it would require decisions on such events be based on a preponderance of evidence, and will accord deference to States’ own findings of when such events hap-pen. 
It would also require the EPA to re-
view the States’ exceptional-event doc-umentation within a reasonable time period of 90 days instead of dragging 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.017 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1254 March 3, 2015 
out the process. Part of the cost is due 
to the fact that the EPA drags out the process. These practical fixes will al-leviate the undue hardship States are having to deal with and when we have to deal with the effects of these natural events. 
Secondly, the ORDEAL Act is an at-
tempt to overhaul the EPA’s unneces-sary ozone standard reduction until 2018. When the EPA reduced permitted ozone standards in 2008, counties across the country that were in nonattain-ment were forced to enact expensive and complicated compliance plans. 
Relying on a dubious scientific basis, 
the EPA has proposed lowering the ozone emissions standards even further to 65 parts per billion, while accepting comments on lowering it to 60 parts per billion. By some estimates, this proposal to lower the ozone level may be the most expensive regulation in EPA history—and that is saying some-thing—costing as much as $1.7 trillion. Lowering ozone standards from 75 parts per billion to 65 parts per billion will cost a whopping $140 billion annually. Yet EPA’s own science advisers dis-agree on the very basis upon which this regulation is built. 
The ORDEAL Act will stop shaky 
facts and assumptions from being used as a basis for long-term public policy, and will give States the flexibility and the time to implement their own inno-vative and proactive measures. 
The bill would also extend air quality 
standards reviews, including ozone, to a 10-year timeline instead of the cur-rent 5 years. 
Third, Agency PAYGO. This adminis-
tration has set its sights on reducing carbon emissions, most recently put-ting draconian regulations on existing powerplants, despite the inevitable job losses and spikes in energy costs. It has placed a mandate on Arizona to reduce 52 percent of its carbon emissions by 2030. This is unattainable, unless Arizo-nans are forced to greatly reduce their standard of living. 
The Agency PAYGO Act I am intro-
ducing would simply give the EPA a taste of its own medicine by requiring the Agency to offset the Federal cost of any greenhouse gas rules to an equiva-lent reduction in Agency spending. If the EPA proceeds without offsetting these costs from its own budget, the final greenhouse gas rule must be ap-proved by Congress, simply saying if you cannot do this as an offset within your own budget, bring it to Congress and let’s approve it. This bill specifi-cally forbids the EPA from denying costs to Federal agencies by passing on costs to the Federal agency’s rate-payers. If capital costs are imposed by a greenhouse gas rule, the EPA must offset those costs or get Congress’s ap-proval. 
The EPA has a history of imple-
menting costly and stringent standards for negligible and even questionable benefit. All three of these bills—the CLEER Act, ORDEAL Act, and Agency PAYGO Act—provide more certainty than presently exists to States and 
counties and businesses that have to deal with the EPA and will hold the Agency accountable for its decision-making process. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
supporting these measures. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 94—SUP-
PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION MONTH 
Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W YDEN , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 94 
Whereas a competitive global economy re-
quires workers trained in skilled professions; 
Whereas according to a report by the Na-
tional Association of Manufacturers, 80 per-cent of respondents indicated a moderate to severe shortage of qualified skilled produc-tion employees, including front-line workers, such as machinists, operators, craft workers, distributors, and technicians; 
Whereas career and technical education is 
a tried and true solution to ensure that com-petitive skilled workers are ready, willing, and capable of holding jobs in high-wage, high-skill, and in-demand career fields, such as science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (commonly known as ‘‘STEM’’) disciplines, nursing, allied health, construc-tion, information technology, energy sus-tainability, and many other fields that are vital to keeping the United States competi-tive in the global economy; 
Whereas career and technical education 
helps the United States meet the very real and immediate challenges of economic devel-opment, student achievement, and global competitiveness; 
Whereas 14,000,000 students are enrolled in 
career and technical education, which exists in every State and includes programs in nearly 1,300 public high schools and 1,700 2- year colleges; 
Whereas 10 of the 20 fastest growing occu-
pations in the United States require an asso-ciate’s degree or a lesser credential, 13 of the 20 occupations in the United States with the greatest number of projected new jobs re-quire on-the-job training and an associate’s degree or certificate, and nearly all occupa-tions in the United States require real-world skills that can be mastered through career and technical education; 
Whereas career and technical education 
matches employability skills with workforce demand and provides relevant academic and technical coursework leading to industry- recognized credentials for secondary, post-secondary, and adult learners; 
Whereas career and technical education af-
fords students the opportunity to gain the knowledge, skills, and credentials needed to secure careers in growing, high-demand fields; 
Whereas secondary school students partici-
pating in career and technical education are significantly more likely than students not participating in career and technical edu-cation to report that they had developed skills during high school in problem solving, project completion, research, mathematics, applying to colleges, work-related contexts, 
communication, time management, and crit-ical thinking; 
Whereas students at schools with highly 
integrated rigorous academic and career and technical education programs have signifi-cantly higher achievement in reading, math-ematics, and science than students at schools with less integrated programs; and 
Whereas the Association for Career and 
Technical Education has designated Feb-ruary as ‘‘Career and Technical Education Month’’ to celebrate career and technical education across the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of Career 
and Technical Education Month; 
(2) recognizes the importance of career and 
technical education in preparing a well-edu-cated and skilled workforce in the United States; and 
(3) encourages educators, counselors, and 
administrators to promote career and tech-nical education as an option for students. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 95—DESIG-
NATING MARCH 3, 2015, AS ‘‘WORLD WILDLIFE DAY’’ 
Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
I
NHOFE ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 95 
Whereas wildlife has provided numerous 
economic, environmental, social, and cul-tural benefits during the course of human history, and wildlife preservation will secure these gifts for future generations; 
Whereas each plant and animal species 
plays an important role in the stability of di-verse ecosystems around the world, and the conservation of this biodiversity is critical to maintain the delicate balance of nature and keep complex ecosystems thriving; 
Whereas observation of wild plants and 
animals in their natural habitat provides in-dividuals with a more enriching world view and a greater appreciation of the wonders of the natural environment; 
Whereas tens of millions of individuals in 
the United States strongly support the con-servation of wildlife, both domestically and abroad, and wish to ensure the survival of species in the wild, such as rhinoceroses, ti-gers, elephants, pangolins, turtles, seahorses, sharks, ginseng, mahogany, and cacti; 
Whereas the trafficking of wildlife, includ-
ing timber and fish, comprises the fourth largest global illegal trade, after narcotics, counterfeiting of products and currency, and human trafficking, and has become a major transnational organized crime with an esti-mated worth of approximately $19,000,000,000 annually; 
Whereas increased demand in Asia for 
high-value illegal wildlife products, particu-larly elephant ivory and rhinoceros horns, has recently triggered substantial and rapid increases in poaching of these species, par-ticularly in Africa; 
Whereas trafficking of wildlife is the pri-
mary threat to many wildlife species, includ-ing elephants, rhinoceroses, and tigers; 
Whereas many different kinds of criminals, 
including some terrorist entities and rogue security personnel, often in collusion with 
corrupt government officials, are involved in wildlife poaching and the movement of ivory and rhinoceros horns across Africa; 
Whereas wildlife poaching presents signifi-
cant security and stability challenges for military and police forces in African nations that are often threatened by heavily armed poachers and the criminal and extremist al-lies of such poachers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.017 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1255 March 3, 2015 
Whereas wildlife poaching negatively im-
pacts local communities that rely on natural resources for economic development, includ-ing tourism; 
Whereas penal and financial deterrents can 
improve the ability of African governments to reduce poaching and trafficking and en-hance their capabilities of managing their resources; 
Whereas assisting institutions in devel-
oping nations, including material, training, legal, and diplomatic support, can reduce il-legal wildlife trade; 
Whereas wildlife provides a multitude of 
benefits to all nations, and wildlife crime has wide-ranging economic, environmental, and social impacts; 
Whereas the number of elephants killed by 
poachers in Kenya increased by more than 800 percent from 2007 to 2012, from 47 to 387 elephants killed; 
Whereas the number of rhinoceroses killed 
by poachers in South Africa increased by more than 7000 percent between 2007 and 2013, from 13 to 1004 rhinoceroses killed; 
Whereas the number of forest elephants in 
the Congo Basin in central Africa declined by approximately two-thirds between 2002 and 2012, placing forest elephants on track for extinction within the next decade; 
Whereas as few as 3200 tigers remain in the 
wild throughout all of Asia; 
Whereas approximately 100,000,000 sharks 
are killed annually, often targeted solely for their fins, and unsustainable trade is the pri-mary cause of serious population decline in several shark species, including scalloped hammerhead sharks, great hammerhead sharks, and oceanic whitetip sharks; 
Whereas the United States is developing 
measures to address the criminal, financial, security, and environmental aspects of wild-life trafficking; 
Whereas Congress has allocated specific re-
sources to combat wildlife trafficking and address the threats posed by poaching and the illegal wildlife trade; 
Whereas in December 2013, the United Na-
tions General Assembly proclaimed March 3 as World Wildlife Day to celebrate and raise awareness of the wild fauna and flora around the world; 
Whereas March 3, 2015, represents the sec-
ond annual celebration of World Wildlife Day; and 
Whereas in 2015, World Wildlife Day com-
memorations will ‘‘celebrate the many beau-tiful and varied forms of wild fauna and flora, raise awareness of the multitude of benefits that wildlife provides to people, and raise awareness of the urgent need to step up the fight against wildlife crime, which has wide-ranging economic, environmental, and social impacts’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates March 3, 2015, as ‘‘World 
Wildlife Day’’; 
(2) supports raising awareness of the bene-
fits that wildlife provides to people and the threats facing wildlife around the world; 
(3) supports escalating the fight against 
wildlife crime, including wildlife trafficking; 
(4) applauds the domestic and inter-
national efforts to escalate the fight against wildlife crime; 
(5) commends the efforts of the United 
States to mobilize the entire Government in a coordinated, efficient, and effective man-ner for dramatic progress in the fight against wildlife crime; and 
(6) encourages continued cooperation be-
tween the United States, international part-ners, local communities, nonprofit organiza-tions, private industry, and other partner or-ganizations in an effort to conserve and cele-brate wildlife, preserving this precious re-source for future generations. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 7—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO AWARD THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE WORLD WAR II MEMBERS OF THE DOOLITTLE TOKYO RAIDERS 
Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
NELSON , Ms. C ANTWELL , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ) submitted the following con-
current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. C ON. RES. 7 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO WORLD WAR II MEMBERS OF DOOLITTLE TOKYO RAIDERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on April 15, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II members of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders, collectively, in recognition of the military service and exemplary record of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders during World War II. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
f 
NOTICES OF HEARINGS 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on March 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled. ‘‘America’s Health IT Transformation: Translating the Promise of Electronic Health Records Into Better Care.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–1409. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will meet during the session of the Senate on March 10, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled. ‘‘Continuing America’s Leadership in Medical Inno-vation for Patients.’’ 
For further information regarding 
this meeting, please contact Jamie Garden of the committee staff on (202) 224–1409. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 2:15 p.m., in the President’s Room of the Capitol. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Reserve Ac-countability and Reform.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 9 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the FY 2016 Budget Requests for the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 9 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Fairness in Taxation.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on March 3, 2015, at 4 p.m., to conduct a classified brief entitled ‘‘Up-date on the Campaign against ISIS.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON IMMIGRATION AND NATIONAL  
INTEREST  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on March 3, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD– 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Services: Ensuring Agency Priorities Comply with the Law.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.019 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1256 March 3, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Emily O’Neill, a detailee with the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, be granted floor privileges for the dura-tion of the consideration of S.J. Res. 8. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF CAREER AND TECH-NICAL EDUCATION MONTH 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 94, introduced earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 94) supporting the 
goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, the key to 
America’s continued success lies in im-proving our Nation’s educational sys-tem. Career and technical education, CTE, programs are a critical compo-nent to every student’s education, cre-ating diverse pathways into further education and careers. Today, these programs serve 94 percent of all high school students and 12 million postsec-ondary students. In both rural and urban communities, CTE plays a vital role in building student engagement, continuing our Nation’s economic com-petitiveness, and building the skills of our workforce to meet and adapt to the needs of the 21st century. 
Further, approximately 30 percent of 
jobs by 2018 will require some college or a 2-year associates degree, a need that can be met by improved access to CTE programs. By increasing these op-portunities to obtain postsecondary skills training and meaningful creden-tials, CTE equitably distributes eco-nomic opportunity to all students who are willing to work for it. According to the U.S. Department of Education’s Of-fice for Career, Technical and Adult Education, the average high school graduation rate for students concen-trating in CTE programs is 93 percent, compared with the national average of 80 percent. 
This is why today, with my Senate 
CTE Caucus cochairs Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator B ALDWIN , and Sen-
ator I SAKSON and other colleagues in 
the Senate, I am submitting a bipar-tisan resolution to designate February as Career and Technical Education, CTE, Month. CTE Month provides a chance for students and educators alike to learn more about the edu-cational opportunities available in their communities, and to become more engaged in their studies today so 
they can plan for their future. 
Our Nation’s economic competitive-
ness relies on the skill of the American workforce and its ability to meet and adapt to the 21st century economy. By formally recognizing CTE Month through this resolution, it is our hope that we can build support in Wash-ington and across the country for strengthening access to and expanding CTE programs. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 94) was agreed 
to. The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate immediately proceed to executive session to consider the following nomi-nation on today’s Executive Calendar: Calendar No. 48, and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy. I further ask unani-mous consent that the nominations be confirmed en bloc, the motions to re-consider be laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then return to legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Kenneth E. Tovo 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN96 AIR FORCE nomination of Mark E. 
Heatherly, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN97 AIR FORCE nominations (3) begin-
ning KARIS K. GRAHAM, and ending MARVIN WILLIAMS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN98 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-
ning JESUS A. FLORES, and ending ROB-ERT C. GOLDTRAP, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN99 AIR FORCE nominations (17) begin-
ning ERICA R. AUSTIN, and ending RICH-ARD G. STEPHENSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. PN100 AIR FORCE nominations (16) begin-
ning GERARD IRVELT BAZILE, and ending FREDERICK L. YOST, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN101 AIR FORCE nomination of Stephen 
L. Nelson, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN102 AIR FORCE nominations (8) begin-
ning MARY J. ABERNETHY, and ending KAREN B. STEINER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN103 AIR FORCE nominations (6) begin-
ning MICHAEL D. AYRES, and ending MICHELLE L. WAGNER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN104 AIR FORCE nominations (3) begin-
ning LAURA J. MCWHIRTER, and ending GREGG E. WENTWORTH, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 26, 2015. 
PN105 AIR FORCE nomination of Nicholas 
J. Zimmerman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN106 AIR FORCE nomination of Eric M. 
Chumbley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN107 AIR FORCE nomination of Scott L. 
Wilson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN133 AIR FORCE nomination of Kirsten 
E. Delambo, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN134 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-
ning Salvatore Pelligra, and ending Rebecca A. Bird, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN135 AIR FORCE nomination of Dell P. 
Dunn, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 29, 2015. 
PN136 AIR FORCE nomination of Latrise 
P. Searson-Norris, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN171 AIR FORCE nomination of Jeffrey 
B. Krutoy, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 4, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN108 ARMY nomination of John P. 
Hartke, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN137 ARMY nomination of Fred J. Burpo, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 29, 2015. 
PN138 ARMY nomination of Paul A. 
Brisson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN139 ARMY nomination of Mikelle J. 
Adamczyk, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN140 ARMY nomination of Robert G. 
Hale, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 29, 2015. 
PN141 ARMY nomination of John M. Gillis, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 29, 2015. 
PN142 ARMY nomination of Andre M. 
Takacs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.023 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1257 March 3, 2015 
PN143 ARMY nomination of Ines H. Berger, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 29, 2015. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
PN94 COAST GUARD nominations (260) be-
ginning GEORGE F. ADAMS, and ending AN-DREW H. ZUCKERMAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN112 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) be-
ginning JERMAINE M. CADOGAN, and end-ing AUSTIN E. WREN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN113 MARINE CORPS nominations (7) be-
ginning ANTHONY K. ALEJANDRE, and ending JONATHAN R. RISSER, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 26, 2015. 
PN114 MARINE CORPS nominations (4) be-
ginning PAUL M. HERRLE, and ending ROB-ERT W. PUCKETT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN116 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-
ginning JAY B. DURHAM, and ending AN-DREW K. LAW, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN117 MARINE CORPS nominations (6) be-
ginning DANIEL H. CUSINATO, and ending WILLIAM C. VOLZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN118 MARINE CORPS nomination of 
Ryan M. Cleveland, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN119 MARINE CORPS nominations (5) be-
ginning NICHOLAS K. ELLIS, and ending KOLLEEN L. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN120 MARINE CORPS nomination of Jon-
athan L. Riggs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN121 MARINE CORPS nominations (657) 
beginning BRETT D. ABBAMONTE, and end-ing JASON E. ZELLEY, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN123 MARINE CORPS nomination of 
David C. Walsh, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN124 MARINE CORPS nomination of 
Scott W. Zimmerman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 26, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN109 NAVY nominations (37) beginning 
ALYSSA B. Y. ARMSTRONG, and ending KARI E. YAKUBISIN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 26, 2015. 
PN144 NAVY nomination of Rachel A. 
Passmore, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN145 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
JUSTIN R. MILLER, and ending JAMES R. SAULLO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN146 NAVY nomination of Candida A. 
Ferguson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. 
PN149 NAVY nomination of Richard R. 
Barber, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 29, 2015. PN178 NAVY nomination of Benigno T. 
Razon, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2015. 
PN179 NAVY nomination of Donna L. 
Smoak, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2015. 
PN180 NAVY nomination of Fabio O. Aus-
tria, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of Feb-ruary 5, 2015. 
PN182 NAVY nomination of Shawn D. 
Wilkerson, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2015. 
PN183 NAVY nomination of Budd E. 
Bergloff, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of February 5, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCH 
4, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 4; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S.J. Res. 8, with 2 hours of de-bate remaining, equally divided in the usual form. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Tomorrow Sen-
ators should expect two rollcall votes at approximately 11:30 a.m. on passage of the resolution of disapproval on am-bush elections, followed by cloture on the Keystone veto message. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following up to an hour of debate controlled by Senator M
UR-
RAYor her designee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the National Labor Rela-tions Board and the reforms that have been proposed in the new rule. I rise first of all to provide by way of a predi-
cate or background what happened in 1935 when the National Labor Relations Act was passed. There is a lot to talk about in that act, but just like when a major piece of legislation passes, we have findings that undergird the stat-ute itself. 
I will not go through all of those 
today, but I think some of the lan-guage in there is especially appropriate for what we are talking about. The findings and summary spoke to the benefits of collective bargaining—the benefits of organizing and collectively bargaining, and asserted at one point very early in the statute, in the find-ings, the first couple of paragraphs of the findings that experience—I am paraphrasing this but I will get to spe-cific words in a moment. 
But experience has shown that col-
lective bargaining and organizing—and these are the exact words—‘‘safeguards commerce from injury, impairment or interruption.’’ It goes on to talk about why it was better—why they believed it was better to pass a statute to re-solve labor-management disputes in-stead of the old way, which was con-stant conflict, conflict fighting, in some cases even violence. 
So we did the right thing in 1935 as a 
country. We have had some history since then to draw from. The National Labor Relations Board, of course, is the entity that gives meaning to what we intend when we pass laws such as the National Labor Relations Act. 
Now we are having a dispute here in 
this body and in the other body as well about what these rules ought to be. What are the rules that govern the Na-tional Labor Relations Board, but in particular, what are the rules that gov-ern elections? 
With all of the challenges we are fac-
ing in the country right now—the mid-dle class has nowhere near recovered from the last—the great recession. Wages have been declining over a gen-eration, or at least not increasing at the level that costs have been increas-ing. 
So with all of that pressure on fami-
lies, you could think this could be an area of common ground, but it is not. With all of those challenges facing middle-class families, it is dis-appointing that Republicans in the Senate have chosen to focus on rolling back the National Labor Relation’s Board modest and commonsense re-forms, to help workers get a seat at the table, so they can increase their wages and their economic security. 
Democrats are fighting to increase 
wages and we are also fighting for eco-nomic security, at the same time Re-publicans seem to be constantly fight-ing to increase corporate profits while making workers pay the price. All of us, whether we are Democrats or Re-publicans, should be coming together 
to expand workers’ voices at the table and not attacking workers’ right to collectively bargain. 
We are talking about something fun-
damental here, the opportunity to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR6.028 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1258 March 3, 2015 
an election in a workplace, and the 
benefits that flow from that. That is really about empowering workers. I be-lieve that is one of the reasons why we passed the National Labor Relations Act, not just to have a board that can settle disputes, but to actually em-power workers in ways they have not been empowered up to that point in our history. 
Empowering workers is an important 
part of building a stronger economy that works not just for those indi-vidual workers in that worksite, but in an economy that works for all families, not just the wealthiest few. When the workers have a seat at the bargaining table, our economy prospers and the middle class thrives. I have always be-lieved that if we did not have unions and collective bargaining and orga-nizing since World War II and even since the 1930s, we would have a much less robust middle class. Some people believe there would not be a middle case. But I am at least willing to assert that the right to organize and collec-tively bargain is not just good for that worker and his or her family, but it is also good for the economy as well. 
Those workers are the ones who drive 
the economy, not just the work they do, but the expenditures they make on behalf of their family. So even though workers are more productive in the United States than ever before, work-ers are still struggling with those stag-nant wages. Today the middle class ac-counts for the smallest share of the Na-tion’s income since World War II. Hard to believe that the middle class has been so devastated. 
We know from our history that when 
workers have a voice in the workplace through collective bargaining, wages increase, workplace safety improves, and workers have increased retirement and health security. All of those bene-fits have helped grow America’s middle class. Labor unions helped workers share in that economic prosperity that they have helped to create through their own hard work. 
One of the great moments I have had 
as a Senator from Pennsylvania is when you go to a manufacturing plant and they take you on a tour. I am sure the Presiding Officer has done this a number of times. They take you on the tour not just to show how they are pro-ducing something, how they manufac-ture something, they are making some-thing, but they are also very proud of the way they interact with and relate to and work with their employees. They go out of their way to point to a bulletin board or point to a data point in their record to say we have very few injuries, or zero injuries in a certain point of time. They take great pride in that because they know that if they have fewer injuries, they are going to be more productive. If they have fewer injuries, they are going to have em-ployees who can produce on their be-half. 
One of the reasons they have fewer 
injuries over time in our economy and in those businesses is because workers 
have rights. Workers have rights they did not have in the early part of the 1900s. So we know from our history that this works, this process of making sure workers have a seat at the table. 
Now let’s go to the National Labor 
Relations Board, their election re-forms. These particular reforms make modest but, I would argue, very impor-tant updates to both modernize and streamline the election process, to pre-vent delays and reduce litigation. The current system is vulnerable to litiga-tion that will drag out for a long period of time, drag out the election process and put workers’ rights on hold. 
Those reforms will reduce unneces-
sary litigation that is not relevant to the outcome of the election. In the past, employers and unions had to send information about the election process to the Post Office, which would cost time and money. The new rule brings this election process into the 21st cen-tury—which is 15 years old now—by letting employers and unions file forms electronically. 
I think that is the least that can hap-
pen. You would think in this era we are living in, when everything that is done—most everything is done elec-tronically, in banking and in other in-dustries, that at a minimum we should have information transmitted about an election—something valuable in a workplace. We hold elections with great regard and we believe in the sanctity of elections. So the least we could do is make sure those workers have the benefits of something that would transmit the information elec-tronically. Sending that information in that fashion makes all of the sense in the world. 
The rule also allows the use of mod-
ern forms of communications through cell phones and emails. That is not asking too much, to be able to trans-mit information to prepare workers for an election by the use of email or cell phones. 
The reforms are commonsense steps 
to make sure the NLRB, the Board, is using its taxpayer dollars efficiently and effectively. 
These changes, as I referred to ear-
lier, are not just good for workers, they also help businesses by streamlining the whole process, the elections process in this case. Right now the election process varies from region to region. Streamlining the process will provide certainty for both employers and work-ers themselves. The new rule allows businesses and unions to file forms electronically, as I mentioned, instead of using postage. This will save every-one time and money. So modernizing— this is what we are talking about here—modernizing election rules al-lows businesses and unions to use these basic forms of communications in a way that promotes common sense. 
The rule will at long last level the 
playing field for small businesses. Right now the biggest corporations can exploit the system with long and costly litigation to deny workers, if they 
choose to do that, a fair up-or-down vote on joining a union. By making the election process more consistent and transparent, the Board’s reforms level the playing field for the smaller busi-nesses that already play fair. 
The NLRB, the Board itself, the rep-
resentation rule, are in need of kind of basic updates. There have not been sub-stantial updates to this NLRB election process since the 1970s. Today that leads to inefficiencies and delays. Right now big corporations take ad-vantage of those inefficiencies to post-pone and even deny workers the right to vote on union representation. 
Often, in the face of employer tac-
tics, workers give up hope. In fact, one in three will never even get to have an election. That is not something the Na-tional Labor Relations Act intended. I do not think that is what anyone in-tended when it comes to these elec-tions or the possibility of an election. So these amendments, these updates, these modernization reforms help re-store balance and fairness to the elec-tion process. I am perplexed why this is the subject of so much controversy, be-cause these are basic reforms to help people exercise their right to vote in the workplace, which is consistent with our values, consistent with our history, and also consistent with our efforts not just to move that worker and his or her family forward, and their business forward, but also to move the American economy and the middle class forward. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today with strong support of the National Labor Relations Board’s new effort to make workplace union elections more efficient and more effective. I come to the floor today in opposition to Republican ef-forts to preserve a broken system. Today, instead of raising minimum wages for millions of struggling fami-lies, or letting people refinance their student loans, or making sure women get equal pay for equal work, instead of implementing policies that strengthen the middle class, Republicans are pressing a bill to stop a government agency from modernizing its proce-dures because it might help—yes, help—American workers. 
Coming out of the Great Depression, 
America’s labor unions helped build America’s strong middle class. For half a century, as union membership went up, America’s median family income went up. You know, that was true for families whether they were part of a union or not. As our country got rich-er, our families got richer. As our fami-lies got richer, our country got richer. 
Since 1935, Congress has required the 
National Labor Relations Board to oversee the workplace elections in which workers decide whether to be represented by a union. According to NLRB data, more than 90 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:20 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.042 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1259 March 3, 2015 
time this works out just fine. For most 
of the cases that make it to an elec-tion, employees and employers agree about the process and an election is held without a dispute. Done. 
But in the remaining handful of 
cases, the rules on how to resolve these concerns have turned into a mess. Over time, a hodgepodge of different rules for resolving these dispute has emerged in each of the country’s 26 NLRB re-gions. To fix this, the NLRB recently finalized one national set of rules that sets out clear procedures for resolving these issues. In other words, the NLRB is trying to make dispute resolution clearer, more efficient, and more con-sistent from region to region. 
Trying to make government work 
better should not be controversial. But it is controversial. Why? Because some employers simply oppose union votes altogether. They do not want the NLRB to work. They do not want union elections to happen at all. So they are lobbying against those new rules, and congressional Republicans are standing up for them, advancing a proposal to stop the NLRB from implementing its final rules and doing the job Congress gave it 80 years ago. 
Republicans claim they were con-
cerned about workers being able to am-bush their employers with workplace elections. That is just plain nonsense. Employers are always notified at the beginning of the election process, and according to Caren Sencer, a top labor attorney who testified a few weeks ago in the HELP Committee hearing, there is nothing—nothing—in the new rule that would stop an employer from hav-ing its relevant concerns heard and ad-dressed prior to an election. 
Let’s be honest. The only ambush 
here is the Republican ambush on workers’ basic rights. According to a 2001 study from the Berkeley Center for Labor Research and Education, long election delays correspond with higher rates of labor law violations. A delay gives any union employer more time to retaliate against a union organizer, and to intimidate workers and delay work. 
According to NLRB data, nearly one- 
third of the time when employees file a petition to request an election, they never actually get one. Employers who want to keep their workers out of a union prefer a broken, inefficient sys-tem that gives them room to manipu-late the process and to block workers from organizing. But that is not the law. The NLRB doesn’t answer to them. Federal law directs the NLRB to make sure election disputes can be re-solved fairly between employers and employees, and that is exactly what the NLRB is doing. 
Throughout our history, powerful in-
terests have tried to capture Wash-ington and rig the system in their favor, but we didn’t roll over. At every turn, in every time of challenge, orga-nized labor has been there fighting on behalf of the American people. Labor was on the frontlines to take children out of factories and to put them in 
schools. Labor was there to give mean-ing to the words ‘‘consumer protec-tion’’ by making our food and our med-icine safe. Labor was there to fight for minimum wages in States across this country. In every fight to build oppor-tunity in this country, in every fight to level the playing field, in every fight for working families, labor has been on the frontlines. 
Powerful interests have attacked 
many of the basic foundations of this country—the foundations that once built a strong middle class—and too many times those powerful interests have prevailed. So it comes down to a question I have asked before: Whom does this Congress work for? Repub-licans say government should keep on working for powerful CEOs who don’t like unions and who have figured out how to exploit a tangled system. Re-publicans complain about government inefficiencies, but then they introduce a bill that is specifically designed so a broken, inefficient system will stay broken and inefficient, even when we know how to fix it. 
Well, we weren’t sent here just to 
represent CEOs who don’t like unions. We were sent here to support working people who just want a fighting chance to level the playing field. I urge my colleagues to vote against this Repub-lican resolution and let the NLRB do its job. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to express my dis-appointment that the majority leader is asking to rule XIV the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
I must ask the majority leader, what 
happened? Where is the bipartisanship part? Where is the bipartisanship that we have expressed and that I expressed this morning on the floor and last night at AIPAC? I ask again, what hap-pened to putting aside political pos-turing and partisanship? What hap-pened to the majority leader’s pledge in January to ‘‘decentralize power in the Senate’’ and ‘‘open up the legisla-tive process’’? 
″We need to return to regular order,’’ 
he said. I agree with him. Let’s do it. Let’s return to regular order. 
Frankly, this is not what was in-
tended, and it is certainly against my better judgment, against procedure, against any understanding we might have had to take the politics out of our effort to establish congressional over-sight of any nuclear agreement with Iran. I am more than disappointed; I am pretty outraged. I said last night and again this morn-
ing that I join Chairman C
ORKER and 
Senators G RAHAM , KAINE, DONNELLY , 
HEITKAMP , K ING, N ELSON , A YOTTE , 
RUBIO, M CCAIN, and R ISCH in intro-
ducing bipartisan oversight legislation to ensure that Congress has a chance to review the deal before it goes into ef-fect and to oversee its compliance after 
it goes into effect. And now, putting any bipartisanship aside, we are back to politics as usual. The only way to make this work is to work together. 
The provisions of the bill itself are 
good ones. It would require the Presi-dent to submit an agreement to Con-gress within 5 days of reaching it. It would give Congress 60 days to consider the agreement before sanctions relief could be provided. It would outline con-sequences should Congress decide to disapprove the agreement. And in terms of oversight, it would require in-formation on potential breaches to be promptly reported to Congress, along with a comprehensive report every 180 days of any Iranian action inconsistent with the agreement. It would require a report every 90 days from the President on Iran’s compliance, informing us of any actions that might advance Iran’s nuclear weapons program, that it has not supported or financed or carried out any acts of terrorism, and that any sanctions relief is both appropriate and proportionate to Iran’s efforts under the agreement. Of course, it would have here in the Senate a 60-vote threshold, so that means it would have to be a bipartisan determination. 
We in good faith agreed to introduce 
this legislation and take it through the committee process and to the floor so that Congress—which was responsible for bringing Iran to the table in the first place to negotiate—would have a role in reviewing the agreement before it goes into effect, whether to provide sanctions relief, and overseeing imple-mentation and Iranian compliance after it goes into effect because, as I said last night, a deal cannot be built on trust alone. Now, I was talking about Iran; I did not know that I was talking about our deal to pass a bipar-tisan review act. 
So let me conclude. I can’t imagine 
why the majority leader would seek to short-circuit the process, unless the goals are political rather than sub-stantive. And I regret to say these ac-tions make clear an intention that isn’t substantive, that it is political. On a day that has been defined by seri-ous discourse about Iran’s illicit nu-clear weapons program, at a moment when legislators contemplate the most serious national security issue of our time, I am disappointed that the leader has chosen to proceed outside of reg-ular order. By bringing the Corker- Menendez legislation directly to the floor for debate, the majority leader is singlehandedly undermining our bipar-tisan efforts. 
Nobody in Congress has worked hard-
er on this issue, and I certainly don’t take a backseat to anyone in pursuing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.044 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1260 March 3, 2015 
Iran’s nuclear weapons program and 
standing up for Israel, but I sincerely hope that we can restore regular order and that this bill can be fully consid-ered by all the members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in due time. 
Finally, there is no emergency. This 
deal—if there is one—won’t be con-cluded until the summer, so there is plenty of time to wait until March 24, find out whether we have a deal, and then act to be able to be in a posture to opine on that deal and to deal with it accordingly. There is no reason to ac-celerate this process in this way, to go outside of regular order, bypass the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and come directly to the floor. 
I know I cannot object to the rule 
XIV process under the rules, but I say to my colleagues, if this is the process, then I will have no choice but to use my voice and my vote against any mo-tion to proceed. I hope that is not the case. I have worked too hard to get to this moment. But if that is the way we are going to proceed, then I will cer-tainly have to vote against proceeding at that time. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise to 
oppose S.J. Res. 8, a misguided resolu-tion that targets workers’ right to or-ganize and hurts working families in Hawaii and around the country. 
Union election rules haven’t been up-
dated since the 1970s. The National Labor Relations Board—or NLRB—is trying to bring union election rules into the 21st century, but today’s Sen-ate resolution will block the NLRB’s commonsense updates. 
The right to organize is a crucial 
part of our democracy. Unions have helped build the middle class in Hawaii and nationwide. It is disappointing that instead of working to create jobs or help the middle class get ahead, today we are debating whether to make it harder to join a union. 
Workers wishing to join a union al-
ready face many barriers. For example, companies have significant opportuni-ties to make their case to employees about why they should oppose a union. Meanwhile, unions are not allowed to visit the worksite to make their case for joining a union, and they do not have access to modern contact infor-mation such as emails and cell phone numbers—unbelievable as that may sound—to contact workers. 
In addition, companies can delay 
union elections with what amounts to frivolous litigation and appeal after ap-peal. Nationwide, in contested cases workers already have to wait an aver-age of 4 months to vote whether to join a union. 
While most employers in Hawaii 
want to support their workers, there have been those rare cases of compa-nies exploiting the current system to prevent workers from having a voice in the workplace. Let me share a situation that hap-
pened in Hawaii where workers had not been given a raise in 6 years. They asked a local union for help in orga-nizing their union. In the runup to the union elections, the workers were forced to attend one-on-one or group meetings on work time where their management could convince workers to vote against the union. This com-pany hired a private security firm and posted security guards outside the vot-ing area during the vote. Workers felt intimidated. 
The company appealed election re-
sults and NLRB rulings over and over again, adding delay after delay and revote after revote. In July 2005, 40 months after a petition was first filed to hold an election, the NLRB finally certified a union for the workers. Still, the company continued to offer appeal after appeal of the election results and even fired 31 union supporters in 2007. Finally, at the end of 2012, 10 years later, the certified union reached its first union contract. 
Remember, I noted that where most 
workplaces are organized, things are done in 4 months. That is not always the case. The NLRB’s updated union election rules would help reduce this kind of intimidation and delay, which happens all too often, and would allow organizers to contact workers by email and cell phone. It is pretty astounding that we had to have a rule change in 
order to make this kind of common-sense change available to organizers— which, by the way, this resolution which I ask my colleagues to vote against disallows. 
The rule will make it easier for small 
businesses to follow labor election laws. Currently, big corporations can use expensive lawyers to litigate and prevent union elections, while small businesses don’t have those kinds of re-sources. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting these modest, commonsense updates to NLRB rules and voting no on the resolution. Let’s stand with working men and women in this coun-try and support the middle class. 
I want to end with a quote from one 
of our labor organizers and leaders in Hawaii, Hawaii Laborers’ business manager Peter Ganaban. In a recent piece in Pacific Business News, Mr. Ganaban explained that ‘‘Hawaii’s union climate is an extension of our local culture of helping each other and caring for our communities.’’ 
Allowing workers a fair choice and a 
fair chance to join a union is the least we can do for our workers in the mid-dle class. 
I yield my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. WORLD WILDLIFE DAY 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 95, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 95) designating March 
3, 2015, as ‘‘World Wildlife Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 95) was agreed 
to. The preamble was agreed to. 
(The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL 
DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD—Con-tinued 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am here for the main purpose of vigor-ously opposing S.J. Res. 8, and to sup-port the National Labor Relations Board’s recent rule to modernize the process that workers use if they decide they want to form a union and bargain collectively. 
The new NLRB rule makes modest 
but highly important changes to im-prove the overall consistency and effi-ciency of the election process, allowing workers to vote for or against the cre-ation of a union in a fair and timely way. This rule is long overdue, and in Connecticut I have seen—and in my personal experience with the NLRB— how important it is. 
As I go around Connecticut, I con-
sistently hear of problems when work-ers seek to gain representation to form a union. It is cumbersome, costly, time consuming, and is prone to needless delays. It involves needless litigation, and it creates uncertainty for all in-volved. This rule change—this new rule—is not only good for working men and women, it is also good for busi-nesses by reducing—and in some cases eliminating—the cost, time, and uncer-tainty that are aggravating and expen-sive. It is a small step toward a level playing field and a guarantee that com-panies respect workers’ rights to orga-nize and gain the benefits of union membership. 
Very simply, here is what the rule 
does: It removes obstacles to forming unions and requires businesses to post-pone litigation over member eligibility issues until after workers join a union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.047 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1261 March 3, 2015 
It cuts down on lengthy litigation that 
could cause union formation to drag on for a year or more. It modernizes the election process. And, very impor-
tantly, it allows for the electronic fil-ing and transmission of petitions for union elections. Believe it or not, pre-viously all of it had been done by fax or mail—not exactly the latest or least expensive technology—and it ensures that unions and employees have enough information about each other so they can communicate in advance of the election. 
It streamlines the NLRB’s proce-
dures, and with all due respect to the NLRB, what is needed there is prac-tices that are uniform throughout the regional offices so that organizers can better interact with the agency. Its ef-fect is not only on unions and busi-nesses but also on the NLRB in speed-ing and streamlining and improving the way it works. 
Its effects are seen in other areas too. 
The opponents of this measure forget to mention that these new rules apply equally to both elections seeking to certify a union and elections to decer-tify a union. These more efficient pro-cedures will help not only workers who want to choose a union, it will help workers who want to get rid of an ex-isting union. It is a level playing field, fairness, efficiency, less cost, and less time. 
The rule still gives employers the op-
portunity to inform workers about the drawbacks of having a union so that workers have a fair opportunity to de-cide if they want union representation. This is the epitome of fair and balanced and more efficient kinds of rules. 
The people in this body know that 
the simple fact is—and folks across America know it—the majority of American workers want representa-tion. Fifty-three percent of workers want a union in their workplace, but because of the broken election process, fewer than 7 percent of workers are represented. That is a stark fact. As Ronald Reagan said, ‘‘Facts are stub-born things.’’ Thirty-five percent of the time that workers file a petition for a union election, they never even get to an election. 
The current election process is full of 
delays and costs, and unfortunately in many cases litigation gives way to out-right discrimination. 
According to a 2011 University of 
California-Berkeley study, the longer the delay between the filing of a peti-tion and the election date, the more likely it is that the NLRB will issue complaints charging employers with il-legal activity. In other words, basically the election process is drawn out and leads to growing dissatisfaction and contempt and thereby damages every-one. 
This rule is a necessity and will have 
a real impact on real people. In Con-necticut, I have spoken to people and heard the stories of individuals who have been deprived or inhibited in exer-cising their right to vote in the elec-tion process. This process is broken. The new NLRB will prevent frivolous 
litigation from delaying an election. I have spoken to workers who wanted the election to be held on a date that was beyond the allowed waiting period. They told me that they were told if they didn’t back down, the employer would ‘‘make sure the process would be lengthy and difficult.’’ 
The new rule will itself push back on 
intimidation. In the face of these kinds of tactics, some have persevered, but only through tremendous resolve. They triumphed in a seriously flawed and failed NLRB election process. 
In short, these rules are an impor-
tant step in the right direction. They provide for free choice that is fair and will protect both sides. They will re-duce costs and time and litigation. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
measure as ill-conceived and ill-consid-ered, and I hope we will preserve the NLRB’s new rule. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:25 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, March 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate March 3, 2015: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. KENNETH E. TOVO 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MARK E. HEATHERLY, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KARIS K. 
GRAHAM AND ENDING WITH MARVIN WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JESUS A. 
FLORES AND ENDING WITH ROBERT C. GOLDTRAP, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERICA R. 
AUSTIN AND ENDING WITH RICHARD G. STEPHENSON, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GERARD 
IRVELT BAZILE AND ENDING WITH FREDERICK L. YOST, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF STEPHEN L. NELSON, JR., 
TO BE COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARY J. 
ABERNETHY AND ENDING WITH KAREN B. STEINER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL D. 
AYRES AND ENDING WITH MICHELLE L. WAGNER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAURA J. 
MCWHIRTER AND ENDING WITH GREGG E. WENTWORTH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF NICHOLAS J. ZIMMERMAN, 
TO BE MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ERIC M. CHUMBLEY, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF SCOTT L. WILSON, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF KIRSTEN E. DELAMBO, TO 
BE MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
SALVATORE PELLIGRA AND ENDING WITH REBECCA A. BIRD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 29, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF DELL P. DUNN, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF LATRISE P. SEARSON–NOR-
RIS, TO BE MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JEFFREY B. KRUTOY, TO 
BE MAJOR. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN P. HARTKE, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF FRED J. BURPO, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF PAUL A. BRISSON, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF MIKELLE J. ADAMCZYK, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF ROBERT G. HALE, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN M. GILLIS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ANDRE M. TAKACS, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF INES H. BERGER, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
JERMAINE M. CADOGAN AND ENDING WITH AUSTIN E. WREN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AN-
THONY K. ALEJANDRE AND ENDING WITH JONATHAN R. RISSER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH PAUL 
M. HERRLE AND ENDING WITH ROBERT W. PUCKETT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JAY B. 
DURHAM AND ENDING WITH ANDREW K. LAW, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAN-
IEL H. CUSINATO AND ENDING WITH WILLIAM C. VOLZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE 
AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF RYAN M. CLEVELAND, 
TO BE MAJOR. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICH-
OLAS K. ELLIS AND ENDING WITH KOLLEEN L. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JONATHAN L. RIGGS, 
TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRETT 
D. ABBAMONTE AND ENDING WITH JASON E. ZELLEY, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF DAVID C. WALSH, TO 
BE COLONEL. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF SCOTT W. ZIMMER-
MAN, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALYSSA B. Y. 
ARMSTRONG AND ENDING WITH KARI E. YAKUBISIN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF RACHEL A. PASSMORE, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JUSTIN R. MIL-
LER AND ENDING WITH JAMES R. SAULLO, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 29, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF CANDIDA A. FERGUSON, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF RICHARD R. BARBER, TO BE 
COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF BENIGNO T. RAZON, JR., TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF DONNA L. SMOAK, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF FABIO O. AUSTRIA, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF SHAWN D. WILKERSON, JR., TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF BUDD E. BERGLOFF, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GEORGE 
F. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH ANDREW H. ZUCKERMAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 26, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G03MR6.049 S03MRPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E291 March 3, 2015 
AN ATTRIBUTE TO INTER-
NATIONAL INTERN EXCHANGE PROGRAMS 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
praise the different international internship pro-grams that I have had the pleasure of experi-encing this year. These programs represent a brilliant method of cultural and educational ex-change not only for the bright young leaders of some of our closest partners but also for myself and many of my colleagues. 
Thus far, I have had the pleasure of having 
two Australian interns and one German intern within my office. They are the beneficiaries of different programs and have each had an unique and rewarding time here. 
Mr. Joshua Sprake is an Australian student 
studying a combined Bachelor of Commerce and Arts at the University of Sydney Business School. He is participating in an exchange program called the International Placement Program between his university and the Uni-versity of California, District of Columbia. This allows him to study in the evenings and work during the day in our office. He has excelled in managing his different commitments and has been able to apply his skills to look out-side of the box in many of the tasks that have been assigned to him. As a political science major he has also been able to provide useful and different perspectives to many different discussions within the office. 
Mr. Mathias Weber is a German intern who 
has come to us through the Congress-Bun-destag Youth Exchange for Young Profes-sionals program. During this time Mathias has applied himself with German efficiency becom-ing well known for his diligence and precision. Mathias has shown why the German economy prides itself on its efficiency as our office could not have asked for more dedication in what-ever task he was assigned. 
Mr. Samuel Edwards is our final Australian 
intern and has participated in the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Program. Samuel is a student of the University of Canberra. Samuel has also shown himself to also be very intel-ligent and hard working. He easily slid into life at the office and was always available to help in any way he could whether that was answer-ing phone calls from constituents or drafting office correspondence. 
Finally Mr. Speaker, I want to reflect upon 
how these programs will only strengthen and preserve the relationships our countries enjoy. As these future leaders grow and move on through their lives, I hope they look fondly back upon their time here and are able to take back some knowledge and American values with them, throughout their life. HONORING THE HON. PAUL VOLCY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the late Paul Volcy, a former Buffalo City Court Judge and decorated Vietnam vet-eran. Throughout his lifetime, Mr. Volcy sought out adventure and faced the challenges soon wrought by life’s thrills with an enterprising spirit and ‘‘can-do’’ attitude. 
Mr. Volcy was born and raised in the South 
Bronx, before moving back to his mother’s homeland of Puerto Rico. After completing a semester at the University of Puerto Rico, Mr. Volcy soon realized his current pursuits were boring and unfulfilling. This realization led him to join the U.S. Army in 1966. He began his tour in Vietnam as a first lieutenant, but was soon promoted to captain. His bilingual ability and training in the Vietnamese language helped him function as a troubleshooter for his colonel in Saigon, and when supplies dimin-ished, he had a unique ability to fill up short-ages. At the end of his tour, which also in-cluded field duty, he was awarded a Bronze Star. 
After his military discharge, Mr. Volcy com-
pleted his Bachelor’s Degree at the University of Puerto Rico and then returned to the United States to earn his law degree from the Univer-sity at Buffalo. Post-graduation, he briefly worked in private practice before recognizing his call to public service. 
Mr. Volcy became an attorney in the office 
of Buffalo’s corporation counsel, working there for five years on civil rights cases, and then an additional two years in the New York State At-torney General’s Office. In 2001, then-Mayor Anthony Masiello appointed Mr. Volcy as a City Court judge. After completing his term, Mr. Volcy returned to the Attorney General’s Office in Buffalo, where he spent 10 years in the Court of Claims, specializing in defending against medical malpractice and in personal injury cases. He retired as an Assistant Attor-ney General in 2011. 
Complementing his passion for service was 
his knack for organizing and community activ-ism. Mr. Volcy was a leader in the Buffalo His-panic community and helped to found the Western New York Hispanic and Friend’s Civic Association, an organization committed to so-cial justice and empowerment of Buffalo’s growing Hispanic community. Mr. Volcy was admired for his dedication to and tireless ef-forts toward empowering the Hispanic commu-nity. 
He enjoyed a wonderful life with his wife 
Susan and his daughter Suzanne. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Mr. Paul Volcy. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Volcy and his contributions to the Buffalo com-munity. HONORING THE LIFE OF MRS. 
MILDRED PARISH MASSEY 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise with my 
Colleagues, Congressman P ETE AGUILAR , 
Congresswoman K AREN BASS, Congressman 
XAVIER BECERRA , Congressman A MIBERA, 
Congresswoman J ULIA BROWNLEY , Congress-
woman L OIS CAPPS , Congressman T ONY 
CA´RDENAS , Congresswoman J UDY CHU, Con-
gressman J IMCOSTA , Congresswoman S USAN  
DAVIS, Congressman M ARKDESAULNIER , Con-
gresswoman A NNA ESHOO , Congressman S AM 
FARR, Congressman J OHN GARAMENDI , Con-
gresswoman J ANICE HAHN, Congressman M IKE 
HONDA , Congressman J ARED HUFFMAN , Con-
gresswoman B ARBARA LEE, Congressman T ED 
LIEU, Congressman A LAN LOWENTHAL , Con-
gresswoman D ORIS MATSUI , Congressman 
JERRY MCNERNEY , Congresswoman G RACE  
NAPOLITANO , Congresswoman N ANCY PELOSI , 
Congressman S COTT PETERS , Congress-
woman L UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , Congress-
man R AUL RUIZ, Congresswoman L INDA 
SA´NCHEZ , Congresswoman L ORETTA SANCHEZ , 
Congressman A DAM SCHIFF , Congressman 
BRAD SHERMAN , Congresswoman J ACKIE  
SPEIER , Congressman E RICSWALWELL , Con-
gressman M ARK TAKANO , Congressman M IKE 
THOMPSON , Congresswoman N ORMA TORRES , 
Congressman J UAN VARGAS , and Congress-
woman M AXINE WATERS , to honor the extraor-
dinary life of Mrs. Mildred Parish Massey. Mrs. Massey was a beloved mother, grandmother, great-grandmother, sister, and friend. With her passing on February 16, we look to Mrs. Massey’s personal legacy of leadership, serv-ice, and the outstanding quality of her life’s work. 
Born on June 6, 1924 in El Paso, Texas, 
Mrs. Massey attended Douglass Elementary and High School in El Paso. She won a schol-arship to Tillotson College in Austin, Texas and transferred to Southern University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana to study Business Ad-ministration. Mrs. Massey continued her edu-cation at Texas Western College (now the 
University of Texas at El Paso) and was one of seven students to integrate the University. 
Throughout her life, Mrs. Mildred Massey 
broke many racial barriers in the workplace. She began her career in the United Services Organization and was the first African-Amer-ican clerical worker at Ft. Bliss in Texas. In 1960, she moved to San Fernando and served as the first African-American to work at the Raymond Lamp Company, Assistant Manager of Lerner Dress store in Panorama City, Cali-fornia, Manager of the Rembrandt Sign Co. in San Fernando, California and as Administra-tive Assistant at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Sylmar, California. 
In 1975, Mrs. Mildred Massey moved to 
Oakland, California and worked for the Social Security Administration until her retirement in 1986. Upon her retirement, she helped found 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03MR8.001 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E292 March 3, 2015 
and manage the WC Parish Co., DBA Lee As-
sociates until her second retirement in 1998 when she moved to Sun City, Arizona until 2010. 
In addition to her prolific career, Mrs. Mil-
dred Massey broke barriers and was a dedi-cated civil rights advocate. Among her efforts, she worked with Mary McLeod Bethune to come to Southern University in Baton Rouge to change her University’s discriminatory pol-icy surrounding sorority pledging. Mrs. Massey was also an active member of the Easter Star Lodge, Phyllis Wheatley Club, the NAACP, and Myrtle Avenue Methodist Church. 
Mrs. Massey enjoyed traveling and visited 
Greece, Italy, Spain, Hawaii, the Bahamas, Mexico, Grenada, St. Maarten, the Virgin Is-lands, Cuba and Martha’s Vineyard, among her many trips. She was intrigued with the beauty of butterflies and had a wonderful col-lection of butterfly ornaments and personal items, which brought her a lot of joy. 
As Mildred’s daughters Barbara Lee, Mil-
dred Whitfield, and Beverly Hardy mourn her death, they celebrate her life well-lived. They remember their mother as a kind and gentle soul, yet a strong woman who taught them to be confident, to be kind and to live life to its fullest. 
At 90 years of age, Mildred stayed con-
nected with her family and friends through texting and the use of technology. She played bridge, was very independent, and determined to ‘‘do it her way’’ even while struggling with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). 
Today, The California Democratic Congres-
sional Delegation salutes and honors an out-standing civil servant and individual, Mrs. Mil-dred Parish Massey. Her dedication and ef-forts have impacted so many lives. We join all of Mrs. Massey’s loved ones in celebrating her incredible life. She will be deeply missed. 
f 
HONORING THE BOROUGH OF 
KUTZTOWN’S BICENTENNIAL 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to 
rise today and congratulate my constituents residing in the Borough of Kutztown on the oc-casion of their Bicentennial. 
Kutztown, located in Berks County, Pennsyl-
vania, was incorporated as a borough on April 7, 1815. Kutztown is the second oldest munici-pality in Berks County, after only the City of Reading. 
Kutztown’s roots can be traced to the pur-
chase of 130 acres of land made by Mr. George Kutz on June 16, 1755. In 1779 Mr. Kutz laid out plans to turn his acreage into a town and began selling lots. 
Like many communities founded during the 
18th and 19th centuries, Kutztown was ideally situated along a key road, in this case, the Easton Road. The area served as a conven-ient lodging place for those making the then two-day trip between Allentown and Reading. 
Settled largely by people from the Palatinate 
region of Germany, an area bordering the Rhine River, Kutztown enjoyed growth and prosperity. The Borough’s vibrant Germanic heritage remains an important part of the com-munity and is on full display during the 
Kutztown Folk Festival. 
Over the years the Borough fostered numer-
ous industries. The Borough gave rise to the Kutztown Iron Company, a brickyard, bottling companies, and even competing cigar compa-nies. 
In 1866 the Borough saw the founding of 
the Keystone Normal School, the forerunner of Kutztown University. Today the University has an enrollment of nearly 9,500 students. 
Situated in the East Penn Valley, nestled 
between the Blue and South Mountains, the Borough of Kutztown and its people continue to thrive. Kutztown is an outstanding American town. Kutztown remains a great place to work, raise a family, to earn an education and to enjoy the beauty of the surrounding country-side. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the House and 
my colleagues, I congratulate the people of Kutztown on the occasion of the Borough’s Bi-centennial. God bless them and may they know continued prosperity. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ZACH BENNER 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Zach Benner, of the Fulton High School Hornets Wrestling team, on his win in the 195 Class 2 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Zach 
Benner for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. 
THOMAS A. MASSARONE 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the life, and mark the passing, of an out-standing individual and a decorated World War II veteran, Mr. Thomas A. Massarone of Lexington, Kentucky. 
As a young man, Mr. Massarone began his 
service in the United States Navy and quickly rose to the rank of Petty Officer Third Class. Mr. Massarone entered the war in 1944 by fighting within the U.S. Pacific fleet and did not stop until the Allies achieved victory. 
Mr. Massarone participated in combat oper-
ations while assigned to the Navy’s Southern Attack Force ‘ship-to-shore’ detail, within the III Amphibious Corps (MA), in order to help lib-erate Guam. He was assigned a dangerous mission to search for and capture Japanese soldiers still at large on the island and then to guard the captured Japanese prisoners of war. 
In addition, Mr. Massarone was assigned 
the task of securing the Japanese Type C submarines located on the island of Guam. 
After helping the Allies achieve victory, he 
was honorably discharged from military serv-ice in 1948 and returned home to begin a suc-
cessful 40-year career with IBM. Mr. Massarone became one of the original mem-bers of IBM’s electric typewriter division and was instrumental in creating the ‘‘Selectric’’ typewriter, which helped pave the way for the use of typewriter keyboards as the primary method for people to interact with computers. 
Mr. Massarone spent his life giving back to 
his community. He helped form the first Little League baseball teams to play at the IBM Park in Lexington. He was particularly active with his parish, St. Paul Catholic Church, where he served as council president, chair-man of the school board, and later became the oldest serving member of his church. 
Rising to the leadership position of Grand 
Knight within the Knights of Columbus in Lex-ington, Mr. Massarone devoted much of his time raising money for charities and helping others in need. As a member of the American Legion, Mr. Massarone committed himself to supporting local programs to mentor youth and provide support for service members and fel-low veterans. 
Mr. Massarone embodied the best of Amer-
ica’s ideals, values, and ingenuity. His bravery and that of his fellow men and women in uni-form liberated the world from tyranny and se-cured our American freedoms for future gen-erations. He was truly an outstanding Amer-ican and an inspiration to us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL DRESS IN 
BLUE DAY 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize March 6, 2015 as National Dress in Blue Day, which was created to bring greater awareness to colon cancer during National Colon Cancer Awareness Month. During Dress in Blue Day and the month of March, patients, survivors, caregivers and advocates unite to spread colon cancer awareness by wearing blue, holding educational events, and spreading the word about screening. 
Colon cancer is the second leading cause of 
cancer death in the United States. Sadly, 1 in 20 people will develop colon cancer and every 10 minutes a life is lost to the disease. This year alone, 137,000 new cases of colon and rectal cancer will be diagnosed in America and over 50,000 deaths are expected to result from the disease. 
A simple screening test is recommended to 
individuals over age 50 and those with a fam-ily history to help combat the disease. Edu-cation and increased awareness can help in-form the public about methods of prevention and the early detection of colon cancer. Through recommended screenings, this can-cer can be caught early when treatment is most effective. 
National Dress in Blue Day will help bring 
greater awareness to the disease and the im-portance of regular screenings. I ask my col-leagues to please join me in recognizing March 6, 2015 as National Dress in Blue Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03MR8.003 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E293 March 3, 2015 
CONGRATULATING KYRAN HAGAN 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Kyran Hagan, of the Eureka High School Wildcat Wrestling team, on his win in the 120 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Kyran 
Hagan for a job well done. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
PEACE CORPS WEEK 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I join my col-
leagues and the over 6,800 Peace Corps vol-unteers around the globe in commemorating National Peace Corps Week which coincides with the 54th Anniversary of the Peace Corps. Since its beginning in the Kennedy Administra-tion, nearly 220,000 Americans have served in 140 developing nations around the world. 
These volunteers serve as teachers, health 
care service providers and educators helping to bring needed care to communities that lack access. Their vision and commitment to bettering the world around them has helped make enduring contributions in agriculture, education, health and HIV/AIDS, youth, and technology in developing countries. Addition-ally, returned Peace Corps volunteers are the type of leaders we need in all sectors of our society to help face the many challenges in our own country. 
And as a strong reminder that growing num-
bers of young Americans want to go and make a difference in this world, in 2014, the Peace Corps received a 22-year high of 17,336 applications. But it is not only young Americans making a difference in the Peace Corps. A growing number of volunteers are over age 50. 
A total of 5,800 volunteers from my home 
state of Wisconsin have served in the Peace Corps since its founding, including my distin-guished former colleague from Wisconsin, Congressman Tom Petri. On a per capita basis, Wisconsin ranked 9th in the nation in sending Peace Corps Volunteers in 2013 with the University of Wisconsin-Madison among the tops in the nation among large colleges and universities in sending Peace Corps vol-unteers overseas. 
Over 200 Wisconsinites are currently serv-
ing. I want to personally thank the seven vol-unteers from my district who are currently serving in the Peace Corps. Caitlin Connolly, Adam Coonen, Sarmeera Hassan, Casimir Korducki, Jodi Lemmer, Daniel Pologe, and Lindsey Powell. From Belize to Zambia, these young people are representing the best of Mil-waukee and of America. I am very proud of them. As a representative for the great state of 
Wisconsin, I strongly support the goals of the Peace Corps and the passion and commit-ment of its volunteers on behalf of the United States. I am pleased that the President’s FY2016 request includes $30 million increase in funding to help increase the number of vol-unteers serving. 
As our world continues to struggle with nat-
ural disasters, diseases such as Ebola, conflict and instability, fledging transitions to democ-racy, and poverty and hunger, the Peace Corps will be a vital part of the U.S. diplomatic and development response and a sign of our nation’s long term commitment to helping alle-viating suffering around the globe. 
I congratulate the Peace Corps and their 
volunteers on this momentous occasion. It is an excellent example of the type of program we need to invest in as part of our efforts to promote development, peace, and stability around the globe. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID P. ROE 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote yesterday because of a serious illness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Roll Call #107—YEA. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF 
FATHER THEODORE HESBURGH 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to praise a 
great man, Father Theodore Hesburgh, on whom Congress proudly bestowed the Con-gressional Gold Medal in 2000. On Thursday, February 26, America lost a dedicated mem-ber of the clergy, an exceptional educator, a caring humanitarian, a civil rights champion, and one of the most outstanding leaders of our era: Reverend Theodore Martin Hesburgh, former president of the University of Notre Dame, who passed away last week at the age of 97. Father Hesburgh leaves behind a tow-ering legacy that inspires all of us to keep fighting for a world that honors the spark of di-vinity in each one of us. 
Father Hesburgh encouraged those he en-
countered to ‘‘be the kind of person who not only understands the injustices of this life, but is also willing to do something about them.’’ He lived his life by that standard—never failing to answer the call to serve in any capacity. 
Throughout his life, Father Hesburgh was 
called to serve and advance the cause of human dignity and justice in our society. He was named to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights by President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He marched arm-in-arm with Dr. Martin L. King, Jr. He was an insistent champion for the land-mark Civil Rights Act of 1964, and his con-tributions to that effort earned him the Medal of Freedom from President Lyndon Baines Johnson. Time and again, he stood up and spoke out for peace, justice and equality for all 
people—and as former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Andrew Young once said, ‘‘If Father Hesburgh was for you, you didn’t care who was against you.’’ 
Father Hesburgh was first called to serve 
his faith and his fellow Catholics. After under-graduate school at Notre Dame, Hesburgh traveled to Rome to study at the Gregorian University. When war broke out, he returned home and, in 1943, Father Hesburgh fulfilled his childhood dream when he was ordained at his alma mater as a priest in the Congregation of Holy Cross—a day he described as ‘‘the happiest’’ of his life. He would go on to earn a doctorate of theological studies at the Catholic University of America, but he returned to his beloved Notre Dame where he first served as chaplain following World War II and would continue to say Mass throughout his whole life. 
Father Hesburgh was called to serve the fu-
ture of our country as a brilliant educator and administrator. He ministered to the Notre Dame community as a professor, chairman of the Department of Religion, and executive vice president, and in 1952, at the age of 35, Fa-ther Hesburgh became the 15th President of the University of Notre Dame. Under his his-toric 35 years of leadership, Notre Dame opened its doors to women, increased work-force diversity, doubled its enrollment, ex-panded its endowment, and cemented its place as one of the greatest universities in the world. 
Yet President Hesburgh’s imprint extended 
further than a single campus. He dem-onstrated how to transform Catholic univer-sities into exemplary institutions of higher edu-cation in modern times. He championed aca-demic freedom and the pursuit of academic excellence. In recognition of his extraordinary leadership, he was entrusted with 16 presi-dential appointments, including service on the Presidential Clemency Board, the National Science Board, and as ambassador to the United Nations Conference on Science and Technology for Development. He served as the Holy See’s permanent representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency under three popes. In 1999, he received his 150th honorary degree, more than any other person in history. 
In every position, after every honor, Father 
Hesburgh never lost sight of his purpose. As he once told a group of graduates, ‘‘We will not be judged by our degrees, but by our lives.’’ By any standard, President Hesburgh was exceptional. 
Father Hesburgh’s career illustrates the 
quote attributed to St. Francis of Assisi, ‘‘preach the Gospel and sometimes use words.’’ As a patriot of our country, as a lead-er of his church, as a teacher and mentor, he lived the Gospel each and every day of his storied life. 
On the streets, in classrooms, and in board-
rooms, Father Ted—as he was known by his friends and his students—was courageous enough to speak out against injustice, com-passionate enough to bring healing to the downtrodden, and creative enough to propose ideas that improved the lives of all people. Today and forever more, the legacy of Father Ted will live on in the lives he touched, the in-stitutions he influenced, the Church he loved, and the nation he was proud to call home. We are grateful for his courage, in awe of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.004 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E294 March 3, 2015 
leadership, and humbled by his generosity of 
spirit. May it be a comfort to all who loved Rev. Hesburgh that so many share in their grief during this sad time. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MRS. SHEILA 
GREGORY 
HON. DAVID W. JOLLY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to in-
form my colleagues of the passing of a dear friend and a friend of this body, Mrs. Sheila Gregory, a Florida native and former em-ployee of the House of Representatives. 
Sheila was a woman of many talents, hav-
ing worked as a journalist, an educator, a fi-nancial planner, and a realtor. It was, how-ever, in her many years of service to several members of Congress that Sheila found her greatest passion. She loved the history of the House, the legislative process, the politics of this great institution and took great pride in her opportunity to humbly serve the public. It was here in the House that she met many mem-bers of Congress, a number of whom still serve here today. And it was here that she met her former husband Douglas Gregory. 
Sheila leaves behind three adult daughters, 
Angela Oler, Nancy Gregory, and Jennifer Gregory, all of whom were in her loving com-pany at the time of her passing last Wednes-day, February 25, 2015 in Fair Oaks, Virginia. In addition to Doug and her daughters, Sheila leaves behind five grandchildren, Alexis, Jor-dan Douglas, Sasha, Jack, and Mya, as well as two sisters. 
Sheila Isbel was born on May 30, 1947 and 
raised in Clewiston, Florida. She moved to Northern Virginia in 1979 to begin her Con-gressional service. She was a devoted mother and grandmother who will be greatly missed by her family and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, Sheila Gregory was one of the 
many people that have come here to serve our colleagues in Congress and in turn help us serve the American people. Even though she left this House to pursue many other var-ied careers, she never lost her love for Con-gress and the legislative process. Please join me in sharing our deepest condolences to the Gregory and Isbel families on their tremen-dous loss. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOSH M CCLURE 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Josh McClure, of the Fulton High School Hornets Wrestling team, on his win in the 138 Class 2 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Josh 
McClure for a job well done. A TRIBUTE TO ALLISON GREGG IN 
THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Allison Gregg, a second grade teacher at Sidney Elementary School. Ms. Gregg re-ceived the STEM Education Award for In-spired Teaching. 
This award, sponsored by Kemin Industries, 
a Des Moines-based nutritional ingredient manufacturer, celebrates teachers whose leadership and dedication to Iowa’s STEM ini-tiative increases student interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Ms. Gregg said she found courses on NASA on-line where they could hold Iowa Communica-tions Network classes with a NASA educator that opened the children’s eyes. She is also always looking for ways to not only incor-porate technology into her teaching, but also to make learning fun. 
I applaud and congratulate Allison for her 
award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd district the education that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to rep-resent her, her fellow teachers and students in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Allison Gregg and wishing her well and continued success in the future. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, 
March 2, 2015, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 
On roll call no. 107, YEA. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CALEB 
GOSSETT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Caleb Gossett, of the Francis How-ell Central High School Spartans Wrestling team, on his win in the 285 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Championship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Caleb 
Gossett for a job well done. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 100–106 due to a family emer-gency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted no 
on #100, no on #101, no on #102, no on #103, no on #104, yes on #105, and yes on #106. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TRENTON 
CLINES 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Trenton Clines, of the Fulton High School Hornets Wrestling team, on his win in the 145 Class 2 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Tren-
ton Clines for a job well done. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
TEXAS COUNTY FOOD PANTRY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the 25th anniversary of the Texas County Food Pantry in Houston, Mis-souri. For twenty-five years the wonderful staff of this pantry has embodied the spirit of gen-erosity by providing food, shelter, healthcare, and clothing for our neighbors. The Texas County Food Pantry has partnered with sev-eral organizations over the years to establish new connections for programs in nutrition, job research services, medical prescriptions, emergency assistance and homeless preven-tion. 
The Texas County Food Pantry was formed 
after the Ministerial Alliances of Cabool, Hous-ton, and Licking consolidated their many church pantries in order to help ease poverty in Texas County. In March of 1990, this non- profit corporation was formed and began its role assisting those suffering in poverty. Texas County Food Pantry staff and volunteers have continuously been committed to providing ex-ceptional care for the people of Texas County. 
For the many years of service and commit-
ment to helping others, it is my pleasure to recognize the Texas County Food Pantry be-fore the United States House of Representa-tives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.007 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E295 March 3, 2015 
RECOGNIZING GENNORO ‘‘HANK’’ 
MASCOLO AND JACK HAMMETT 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to recognize the recent passing of two Veterans of the Second World War; one a Pearl Harbor Survivor of the U.S. Navy and the other a Reservist in the Coast Guard, a branch of the service which has just celebrated its 74th Anniversary. 
Gennoro ‘‘Hank’’ Mascolo passed away at 
the age of 92 this January, after battling lung cancer for several months. Hank, the youngest of seven children born to Italian immigrants, began serving our country by enlisting in the U.S. Coast Guard in 1942. After his service, he opened his own barbershop in 1955 in the City of Orange, where he remained the Town’s barber for 60 years. An active Elk and Vice President of the famous Orange Inter-national Street Fair for over 20 years rightly earned him the title, ‘‘Mr. Orange.’’ Along with his skill with a pair of shears, Mr. Hank Mascolo will be remembered for the friendship he offered and the good advice he gave. He will be deeply missed by the community of the City of Orange. 
Jack Hammett, a Pearl Harbor survivor, 
passed on in December last year at 94 years- old. After serving in the Navy for 22 years, Jack served decades on the Costa Mesa City Council, The Costa Mesa Chamber of Com-merce, the City planning commission, the Costa Mesa Police Reserves, and eventually Mayor of Costa Mesa. Jack lived his whole life in service to his country and community. As a member of the Freedom Committee, Jack was committed to educating youth on the stories of our veterans, giving innumerable presentations on his experiences in the war. His legacy will be felt for many years to come. 
Both of these men, Hank Mascolo and Jack 
Hammett, served as role models to all those around them. They showed steadfast and un-wavering commitment to their families and their communities. They don’t come better than ‘‘Hank’’ Mascolo and Jack Hammett. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SIDNEY OLIVER 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Sidney Oliver, of the Holt High School Indians Wrestling team, on his win in the 113 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Sid-
ney Oliver for a job well done. SUPPORT H. RES. 56, AFFIRMING 
THE SUPPORT OF THE UNITED STATES FOR MACEDONIA’S AC-CESSION TO NATO 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today as the Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Macedonia and Macedonian-Amer-icans, and as someone who represents a dis-trict home to the largest community of Mac-edonian-Americans in our nation, to introduce H. Res. 56, affirming strong U.S. support for Macedonia joining NATO, and recognize the strategic U.S. partnership with our friend and ally Macedonia. 
The U.S.-Macedonia relationship is one of 
critical importance in today’s increasingly vola-tile world. Macedonia is strategically located in Southeast Europe, providing a unique gateway for rapid deployment to the Middle East, North Africa, and Eastern Europe in order to main-tain regional stability as various national secu-rity challenges arise. Our friendship with Mac-edonia has never been more critical. 
The U.S. has a vested interest in the sta-
bility and security of Macedonia and Southeast Europe. In the 1990s, we sent troops to the northern border of Macedonia to ensure sta-bility in the aftermath of the breakup of Yugo-slavia. Due in part to this American commit-ment, Macedonia was the only nation to peacefully declare independence without any bloodshed. Since then, the U.S. has assisted Macedonia on its path to partnership in Eu-rope and across the Atlantic alike, with a track record of military, economic, and political sup-port ever since. 
In 1999, Macedonia opened its borders to 
400,000 refugees from Kosovo and hosted the NATO Logistical Support Center for Kosovo Forces. In 2001, Macedonia was one of the first countries to offer support to the United States after the horrific attacks of September 11, abiding by the words of the late Macedo-nian President Boris Trajkovski that ‘‘an attack on the United States is an attack on Mac-edonia.’’ 
Since 2002, Macedonia has contributed 
greatly to the U.S. and ISAF mission in Af-ghanistan. Macedonia has patrolled ISAF headquarters in Kabul, was the fourth and fifth largest ISAF troop contributor per capita, con-tributed troops to the NATO-led ISAF mission, and engaged in combat operations side-by- side with American troops. Currently, Mac-edonia has been recognized as an operational partner in the new ‘‘Resolute Support’’ Mission in Afghanistan to train, advise, and assist our Afghan partners. 
For their participation in U.S. and NATO-led 
missions, Macedonian soldiers have received 120 medals and military honors from the United States. Furthermore, Macedonia has been an active participant—and the first state partner—with the Vermont National Guard for the past 20 years, and, since 1995, more than 3,000 Macedonians and Vermonters have shared their expertise in more than 800 events as the partnership has developed, including a joint military embedment in Afghanistan in 2011. 
I have long noted that Macedonia can pro-
tect the tent of NATO in places like Afghani-stan, but it cannot sleep in the tent so long as 
it is not a member of the Treaty Organization. This is not right. 
With what is happening in the world today, 
now is not the time to back down on sup-porting our allies. H. Res. 56 calls on the Ad-ministration, Department of State, and Euro-pean allies to work with Greece and NATO al-lies to ensure that bilateral disputes do not im-pede Macedonia’s NATO accession for the sake of regional stability in light of the current situation with Ukraine and elsewhere. 
Time and again, Macedonia has shown 
steadfast support for the efforts of the United States to restore and maintain global stability. Macedonia is one of America’s best friends in Southeast Europe. 
But, Macedonia needs our support. It is long 
overdue that we use our diplomatic strength to reinforce our allies, and including Macedonia in the greatest military alliance in history is an important step in securing U.S. interests and maintaining this crucial partnership well into the future. 
I encourage my colleagues in this House to 
support H. Res. 56 and affirm strong U.S. sup-port for Macedonia joining NATO. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF 
MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS R. MOORE 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the career and accomplish-ments of Major General Thomas R. Moore, Assistant Adjutant General of the Georgia Air National Guard. On March 7th, 2015, General Moore will celebrate his retirement after 33 years of distinguished service. 
In 1981, General Moore commissioned 
through the Reserve Officer Training Corps program at the University of South Carolina. Throughout his career, he has commanded at the squadron, group and wing levels. General Moore also served twice as the Commander for the 416th Air Expeditionary Group in Karshi-Khanabad Air Base, Uzbekistan. A master navigator, General Moore has earned more than 3,500 flying hours. In his current role, General Moore serves as the Assistant Adjutant General of the Georgia Air National Guard at Clay National Guard Center where he acts as a direct supervisor over the entire Georgia State Air Guard staff. His duties also include the command of 2,900 Georgia Air Guard members serving in two flying wings, seven geographically separated units and the nation’s first Air Dominance Center. 
General Moore’s dedication and many con-
tributions to our country, have been recog-nized with the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Meritorious Service Medal (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), the Air Force Commendation Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award (with ‘‘V’’ device, 1 Silver Oak Leaf Cluster and 3 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters). However, these medals do not stand alone. General Moore is an honored recipient of many awards and decorations. General Moore has earned a great deal of respect from his colleagues, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.016 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E296 March 3, 2015 
will always be noted for his outstanding char-
acter, commitment and allegiance. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to honor the many accomplishments of Major General Thomas R. Moore during his career and for his service to our country. I am pleased to join his wife, Paula, his two sons, Capt. Tyler Moore and Rhett Moore, family and friends in congratulating him in his retire-ment. I wish General Moore continued happi-ness in his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CHANCE 
COOPER 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Chance Cooper, of the Timberland High School Wolves Wrestling team, on his win in the 195 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Championship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing 
Chance Cooper for a job well done. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, 
February 27, 2015, I was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 
On roll call no. 106, YEA. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
107, I was absent while attending a funeral in New York. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
CONGRATULATING COLBY SMITH 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Colby Smith, of the Holt High School Indians Wrestling team, on his win in the 126 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you in joining me in recognizing Colby 
Smith for a job well done. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,155,853,840,783.67. We’ve 
added $7,528,976,791,870.59 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO WAYNE AND 
GEORGIE GOODVIN IN THE FIRST SESSION OF THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Wayne and Georgie Goodvin on the very special occasion of their 75th wedding anniversary. Their mile-stone took place Saturday, February 28, 2015. 
Wayne and Georgie eloped on a rainy day 
in 1940 and have resided on a farm outside of Carbon since 1951 where they raised their two children, Max and Carolyn. They now have four grandchildren and nine great-grand-children. And every year on their anniversary, they tell their family about the day they got married. The Goodvin’s continue to be a visi-ble and important part of their community, and it is an honor to represent them in the United States Congress. 
Georgie and Wayne’s lifelong commitment 
to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. I salute this lovely couple on their 75th year of life together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CONNOR FLYNN 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Connor Flynn, of the Francis How-ell High School Vikings Wrestling team, on his win in the 160 Class 4 2015 State Wrestling Championship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Con-
nor Flynn for a job well done. MOTION TO RECEDE AND CONCUR 
IN SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 240 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my 
colleagues in urging that we reject this motion to concur in the Senate amendments. The Senate removed the House-passed provisions that would prevent the President from acting unilaterally on immigration. 
The President said on twenty-two occasions 
that he lacked the authority to act unilaterally on amnesty, but that is exactly what he did. 
A vote against this motion is a vote for the 
rule of law. Yes, we are a nation of immigrants but we are also a nation of laws. Any changes to our immigration laws should be done legis-latively. They should not be done unilaterally by the Administration, nor should they be changed by the courts. 
We have millions of Americans who are still 
looking for work. We have others on the lower rungs of the economic ladder that want to climb higher, to earn more money, and to sup-port their families with a higher wage. 
If the Administration’s amnesty plan is al-
lowed to go into effect, the plight of these mil-lions of American workers and the families they support will be harmed. 
The House passed a bill to fully fund the 
Department of Homeland Security and also ensure that this money is not used to imple-ment amnesty. The Administration rejected that, has refused to negotiate and has prom-ised to veto any bill that includes provisions that uphold the rule of law. 
I am committed to fighting for the rule of law 
and restoring the balance of power between the Executive and the Legislative branches of government. 
f 
MOTION TO RECEDE AND CONCUR 
IN THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 240 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 240, the Clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, as it provides full funding of the Department of Homeland Security, including support for im-portant federal cybersecurity initiatives, dis-aster relief and recovery programs, and es-sential law enforcement activities that are crit-ical for ensuring the Department can help keep our Nation safe from harm. 
I encourage support of this bill as it does 
not contain any of the ‘‘poison pill’’ amend-ments designed to constrain the President’s authority to defer deportation of undocu-mented immigrants. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to 
highlight the pointlessness of the actions of House Republicans to use the funding of the Department of Homeland Security as a bar-gaining chip to extract concessions from the President. 
Threatening to not fund a Department, es-
pecially one as crucial to the protection of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.019 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E297 March 3, 2015 
homeland, just to get your way does not be-
long in American politics. 
It is childish, Mr. Speaker, and the time that 
House Republicans have wasted playing poli-tics with DHS could have been better served passing legislation that actually serves the American people. 
The full and unconditional funding of the De-
partment of Homeland Security is essential not only to the 18th district, not only to the state of Texas, it is essential to all Americans. 
I want to point out, specifically, what pro-
grams were placed in danger by House Re-publicans had they gotten their way: 
1. $39.7 billion in regular discretionary ap-
propriations for Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS) in fiscal year 2015; 
2. $12.6 billion for Customs and Border Pro-
tection (CBP); DHS would be required to ac-celerate the hiring of CBP officers; 
3. $5.96 billion for Immigration and Customs 
Enforcement (ICE) plus an additional $345 million from the agency’s fee funded accounts, bringing the total to $6.3 billion; 
4. $553.6 million in funding to manage the 
influx of unaccompanied alien children, or ‘‘UAC,’’ entering the U.S.; the funding would be used to interdict migrants, care for and transport approximately 58,000 undocumented children to the custody of Health and Human Services (HHS), and facilitate the movement of undocumented families through removal 
proceedings after crossing the U.S. border; 
5. $1.9 billion for both domestic and inter-
national investigations, including increases to combat human trafficking, child exploitation, cyber-crime, and drug smuggling, and to ex-pand visa vetting capabilities; 
6. $4.8 billion for the Transportation Security 
Administration (TSA); 
7. $10 billion for the U.S. Coast Guard; 8. $753.2 million for cybersecurity oper-
ations in the National Programs and Protection Directorate to fund and sustain improvements to the Federal Network Security and Network Security Deployment programs; 
9. $1.7 billion for the U.S. Secret Service— 
an increase of $80.5 million above the fiscal year 2014 enacted level—to begin preparation and training for candidate protection for the 2016 presidential election and to address crit-ical failures in communications and training at the White House Complex; 
10. $7 billion for disaster relief—fully funding 
FEMA’s stated requirement; and 
11. $1.1 billion for Science and Technology, 
$32.1 million above the President’s request. 
I would hope that House Republicans will 
have learned from this debacle that this tactic of playing political football with an entire De-partment will not work to further your own ide-ological agenda. 
I applaud Speaker B
OEHNER for finally com-
ing to his senses in allowing a vote on a clean bill, one that the Senate passed two weeks 
ago and one that could have already been signed into law. 
I urge all my colleagues to join me in send-
ing a clean Homeland Security funding bill that will receive the presidential signature needed to become law and provide the resources needed to keep our homeland safe. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DALTON 
VOYLES 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Dalton Voyles, of the Pacific High School Indians Wrestling team, on his win in the 182 Class 3 2015 State Wrestling Cham-pionship match. 
This student and his coach should be com-
mended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. 
I ask you in joining me in recognizing Dalton 
Voyles for a job well done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03MR8.028 E03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D209 Tuesday, March 3, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in a Joint Meeting to receive His Excellency Ben-
jamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1223–S1261. 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-five bills and three 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 623–647, S. Res. 94–95, and S. Con. Res. 7.
          Pages S1246–47 
Measures Passed: 
Career and Technical Education Month: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 94, supporting the goals and ideals of Career and Technical Education Month. 
                                                                                            Page S1256 
World Wildlife Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 95, 
designating March 3, 2015, as ‘‘World Wildlife Day’’.
                                                                                Page S1260 
Measures Considered: 
National Labor Relations Board—Agreement: 
Senate began consideration of S.J. Res. 8, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to represen-tation case procedures, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
                                         Pages S1229–44, S1257–61 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 66), Senate 
agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the joint resolution.
                                                  Page S1229 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing for further consideration of the joint reso-lution at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, March 4, 2015, with two hours of debate remaining, equally divided in the usual form.
                    Page S1257 
Appointments: 
Congressional Budget Office Director: The Chair 
made the following announcement: The President Pro Tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, pursuant to the provisions of Section 201(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, have appointed Dr. Homer Keith Hall as 
Director of the Congressional Budget Office, effec-tive April 1, 2015, for the term expiring January 3, 2019.
                                                                                Page S1227 
Joint Meeting Escort Committee—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the President of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, into the House Chamber for the joint meeting at 11 a.m., on Tuesday, March 3, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S1223 
Messages from the President: Senate received the 
following messages from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the continuation of 
the national emergency originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13660 on March 6, 2014, as modified by the order of December 19, 2014, with respect to Ukraine; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–8) 
                                                                                            Page S1245 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the continuation of 
the national emergency originally declared in execu-tive order 13288 on March 6, 2003, with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to un-dermine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institu-tions; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–9) 
                                                                                            Page S1245 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                      Page S1261 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S1245–46 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1246 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D210 March 3, 2015 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S1246 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1246 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1247–48 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1248–55 
Notices of Hearings/Meetings:                        Page S1255 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1255–56 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1256 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—66)                                                                    Page S1229 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:45 a.m. and 
adjourned at 7:25 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, March 4, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1261.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Jeffery S. Hall, of Kentucky, and Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, both to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Adminis-tration. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF THE 
TREASURY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Services and General Government concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Treasury, after receiving testimony from Jacob J. Lew, Secretary, John A. Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, and J. Russell George, In-spector General for Tax Administration, all of the Department of the Treasury. 
DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND 
THE FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine a review of the Defense Author-ization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future 
Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, and General Mar-tin E. Dempsey, USA, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. FEDERAL RESERVE ACCOUNTABILITY AND 
REFORM 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine Federal Reserve accountability and reform, including S. 530, to require the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, after receiving testimony from John B. Taylor, Hoover In-stitution, and Peter Conti-Brown, Stanford Law School Rock Center for Corporate Governance, both of Stanford University, Palo Alto, California; Paul H. Kupiec, American Enterprise Institute, Washington, D.C.; and Allan H. Meltzer, Carnegie Mellon Uni-versity Tepper School of Business, Pittsburgh, Penn-sylvania. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE AND THE 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION BUDGET 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce and the De-partment of Transportation, after receiving testimony from Anthony R. Foxx, Secretary of Transportation; and Penny Pritzker, Secretary of Commerce. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee announced the following subcommittee assignments: 
Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-
rity: Senators Ayotte (Chair), Wicker, Blunt, Rubio, 
Cruz, Fischer, Moran, Sullivan, Johnson, Heller, Gardner, Cantwell, Klobuchar, Blumenthal, Schatz, Markey, Booker, Udall, Manchin, and Peters. 
Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innova-
tion, and the Internet: Senators Wicker (Chair), Blunt, 
Rubio, Ayotte, Cruz, Fischer, Moran, Sullivan, John-son, Heller, Gardner, Daines, Schatz, Cantwell, McCaskill, Klobuchar, Blumenthal, Markey, Booker, Udall, Manchin, and Peters. 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, 
Insurance, and Data Security: Senators Moran (Chair), 
Blunt, Cruz, Fischer, Heller, Gardner, Daines, Blumenthal, McCaskill, Klobuchar, Markey, Booker, and Udall. 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and 
Coast Guard: Senators Rubio (Chair), Wicker, 
Ayotte, Cruz, Sullivan, Johnson, Booker, Cantwell, Blumenthal, Markey, Schatz, and Peters. 
Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness: 
Senators Cruz (Chair), Rubio, Moran, Sullivan, Gard-ner, Daines, Peters, Markey, Booker, Schatz, and Udall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D211 March 3, 2015 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant 
Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security: Senators 
Fischer (Chair), Wicker, Blunt, Ayotte, Moran, Sul-livan, Johnson, Heller, Daines, Booker, Cantwell, McCaskill, Klobuchar, Blumenthal, Schatz, Markey, and Udall. 
Senators Thune and Nelson are ex officio members of all 
subcommittees. 
FAIRNESS IN TAXATION 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine fairness in taxation, after receiving testi-mony from Lawrence Lindsey, The Lindsey Group, Fairfax, Virginia; Deroy Murdock, Atlas Network, and Steven Rattner, Willett Advisors LLC, both of New York, New York; and Heather Boushey, Wash-ington Center for Equitable Growth, Washington, D.C. 
CAMPAIGN AGAINST ISIS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a 
closed briefing on an update on the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) 
from Michael P. Dempsey, Deputy Director of Na-tional Intelligence for Intelligence Integration, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and Brett McGurk, Deputy Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, Department of State. 
U.S. CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION 
SERVICES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and the National Interest concluded an over-sight hearing to examine United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, focusing on ensuring agency priorities comply with the law, after receiv-ing testimony from Joseph Moore, Senior Financial Official, Donald Neufeld, Associate Director, Service Center Operations, and Daniel Renaud, Associate Director, Field Operations, all of Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1208–1230; 1 private bill, H.R. 1231; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 21–22; and H. Res. 137, 139–41, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1565–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1567–68 
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 138, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1029) to amend the Environmental Re-search, Development, and Demonstration Authoriza-tion Act of 1978 to provide for Scientific Advisory Board member qualifications, public participation, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1030) to prohibit the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency from proposing, final-izing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or repro-ducible (H. Rept. 114–37).
                                 Page H1565 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H1527 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a voice vote.             Pages H1527, H1552 Recess: The House recessed at 10:05 a.m. for the 
purpose of receiving His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. The House re-convened at 12:32 p.m., and agreed that the pro-ceedings had during the Joint Meeting be printed in the Record.
                                                    Pagse H1527, H1531 
Joint Meeting To Receive His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel: The House and Senate met in a joint session to re-ceive His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. He was escorted into the Chamber by a committee comprised of Representatives McCar-thy, Scalise, McMorris Rodgers, Walden, Messer, Jenkins (KS), Foxx, Royce, Ros-Lehtinen, Granger, Zeldin, Dold, Hoyer, Crowley, Israel, Engel, Lowey, Nadler, Hastings (FL), Deutch, Sherman, Hahn, and Polis; and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Thune, Bar-rasso, Wicker, Corker, Durbin, Schumer, Menendez, and Cardin.
                                                           Pages H1528–31 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015: The House agreed to H. Res. 134, the rule 
providing for consideration of H.R. 749, to reauthor-ize Federal support for passenger rail programs, by a voice vote, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H1531–35 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D212 March 3, 2015 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act, 2015: House agreed to the Simpson mo-
tion to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, recede from the disagreement of the Sen-ate amendment and agree to concur therein, by a yea-and-nay vote of 257 yeas to 167 nays, Roll No. 109, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H1535–52 
Rejected the Massie motion to lay the Senate 
amendment on the table by a recorded vote of 140 ayes to 278 noes, Roll No. 108.
                        Page H1546 
Joint Economic Committee—Appointment: The Chair an-
nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members of the House to the Joint Economic Com-mittee: Representatives Delaney, Adams, and Beyer. 
                                                                                            Page H1564 
Presidential Messages: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the actions and policies of certain members of the Government of Zimbabwe and other persons to undermine Zimbabwe’s democratic processes or institutions is to continue in effect beyond March 6, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–13).
                             Page H1564 
Read a message from the President wherein he no-
tified Congress that the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13660 with respect to Ukraine is to continue in effect beyond March 6, 2015—re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–14).
         Page H1564 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H1527, H1535. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear of pages H1546, H1551. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 5:20 p.m.
                                               Page H1565 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held a hearing on National Institutes of Health budget. Testimony was heard from Francis S. Collins, M.D., Director, National Institute of Health; Thomas R. Insel, M.D., Director, National Institute of Mental Health; Jon R. Lorsch, Director, National Institute of General Medical Sciences; Nora D. Volkow, M.D., 
Director, National Institute on Drug Abuse; and Gary H. Gibbons, M.D., Director, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES 
AFRICA COMMAND 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on United States Africa Command budget. Testimony was heard from General David M. Rodriguez, Commander, United States Africa Command. This hearing was closed. 
APPROPRIATIONS—FOREST SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on U.S. Forest Service budget. Testimony was heard from Tom Tidwell, Chief, U.S. Forest Service; and Antoine ‘‘Tony’’ Dixon, Director of Strategic Planning, Budget and Accountability, U.S. Forest Service. 
APPROPRIATIONS—INSTALLATIONS, 
ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY AND BRAC 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Installations, Environ-ment, Energy and BRAC budget. Testimony was heard from John Conger, performing the duties of Assistant Secretary of Defense, Energy, Installations and Environment; Katherine Hammack, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Installations, Energy and En-vironment; Dennis V. McGinn, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Energy, Installations and Environment; and Miranda Ballentine, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Installations, Environment and Energy. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE MARKETING AND REGULATORY PROGRAMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture Marketing and Regu-latory Programs budget. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Ed Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regu-latory Programs; Kevin Shea, Administrator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service; Anne Alonzo, Administrator, Agriculture Marketing Service; Larry Mitchell, Administrator, Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration; and Michael Young, Budget Officer. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
COMMERCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Commerce budget. Testi-mony was heard from Penny Pritzker, Secretary, De-partment of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D213 March 3, 2015 
THE PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED 
AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST ISIL AND U.S. POLICY, STRATEGY, AND POSTURE IN THE GREATER MIDDLE EAST 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Proposed Author-ization for Use of Military Force Against ISIL and U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in the Greater Middle East’’. Testimony was heard from Christine Wormuth, Undersecretary of Defense for Policy; and General Lloyd Austin, USA, Commander of U.S. CENTCOM. 
ALIGNMENT OF INFRASTRUCTURE 
INVESTMENT AND RISK AND DEFENSE STRATEGIC REQUIREMENTS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Alignment of Infra-structure Investment and Risk and Defense Strategic Requirements’’. Testimony was heard from John Conger, performing the duties of the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense, Energy, Installations, and Environ-ment; Katherine Hammack, Assistant Secretary of the Army, Installations, Energy, and Environment; Dennis V. McGinn, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Energy, Installations, and Environment; and Miranda A. A. Ballentine, Assistant Secretary of the Air Force, Installations, Environment, and Energy. 
21ST CENTURY ENERGY MARKETS: HOW 
THE CHANGING DYNAMICS OF WORLD ENERGY MARKETS IMPACT OUR ECONOMY AND ENERGY SECURITY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Energy Markets: How the Changing Dy-namics of World Energy Markets Impact our Econ-omy and Energy Security’’. Testimony was heard from Adam Sieminski, Administrator, U.S. Energy Information Administration; and public witnesses. 
UNDERSTANDING THE CYBER THREAT 
AND IMPLICATIONS FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ECONOMY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Understanding the Cyber Threat and Implications for the 21st Century Economy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT OF THE 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semi-Annual Report of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’. Testi-mony was heard from Richard Cordray, Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee began a 
markup on H.R. 1147, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Mi-chael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law En-forcement Act’’. 
CHALLENGES FACING OIRA IN ENSURING 
TRANSPARENCY AND EFFECTIVE RULEMAKING 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges Fac-ing OIRA in Ensuring Transparency and Effective Rulemaking’’. Testimony was heard from Howard Shelanski, Administrator, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. 
EPA SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD REFORM 
ACT OF 2015; SECRET SCIENCE REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1029, the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Re-form Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1030, the ‘‘Secret Science Reform Act of 2015’’. The committee grant-ed, by record vote of 7–4, a structured rule for H.R 1029. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–10 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. The rule also grants a structured rule for H.R. 1030. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D214 March 3, 2015 
of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–11 and provides that it shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. Testimony was heard from Representatives Lucas, Clark of Massachusetts, and Polis. 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
REAUTHORIZATION: ENABLING A 21ST CENTURY AVIATION SYSTEM 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fed-eral Aviation Administration Reauthorization: Ena-bling a 21st Century Aviation System’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Huerta, Administrator, Fed-eral Aviation Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MARCH 4, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, 
to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-
ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2016 for the Navy and Marine Corps, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to 
hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-
sonnel, to hold hearings to examine the Active, Guard, Reserve, and civilian personnel programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to 
examine United States nuclear weapons policy, programs, and strategy in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2016 and the Future Years Defense Program, 3:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine 
wasteful duplication in the Federal government, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine surface transportation reauthorization, focus-ing on oversight and reform of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Environmental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Europe 
and Regional Security Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Inspector General Empowerment Act of 2015’’, S. 280, to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordination of the Federal permitting process through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, H.R. 460, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Se-curity personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, H.R. 615, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Home-land Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Improper Pay-ments Coordination Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Presi-dential Library Donations Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Vehicle Repair Costs Savings Act’’, S. 546, to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Preparedness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Subcommittee under the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide rec-ommendations on emergency responder training and re-sources relating to hazardous materials incidents involv-ing railroads, S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing medical treat-ment for such disability, S. 86, to amend title 44 of the United States Code, to provide for the suspension of fines under certain circumstances for first-time paperwork vio-lations by small business concerns, and S. 136, to amend chapter 21 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased vet-erans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine 
S. 438, to provide for the repair, replacement, and main-tenance of certain Indian irrigation projects, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
whistleblower retaliation at the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation, focusing on improving protections and over-sight, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D215 March 3, 2015 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Military 
Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Veterans Affairs budget, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Food and Drug Administration budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Defense, hearing on Department of 
Defense budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, 
and Education, hearing on Department of Education budget, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-
lated Agencies, hearing on National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Cap-itol. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, 
hearing on Department of Energy, National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, Weapons Activities budget, 1 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, hearing on Department of Treasury budget, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy, Strategy, and Posture in Afghani-stan: Post-2014 Transition, Risks, and Lessons Learned’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Air Force Projection Forces Aviation Programs and Capabilities for Fiscal Year 2016’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber Operations: Improving the Mili-tary Cyber Security Posture in an Uncertain Threat Envi-ronment’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing on H.J. Res. 29, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the National Labor Relations Board relating to representation case procedures, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘The 21st Century Elec-
tricity Challenge: Ensuring a Secure, Reliable, and Mod-ern Electricity System’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthorization of the Federal Commu-nications Commission: The FCC’s FY 2016 Budget Re-quest’’, 10:30 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Ukraine Under Siege’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled 
‘‘The Trans-Pacific Partnership: Prospects for Greater U.S. Trade’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Tech-nologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Perspectives on the President’s Cybersecurity Information Sharing Proposal’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
markup on H. Res. 132, Omnibus Resolution for Com-mittee Funding in the 114th Congress; a committee reso-lution on Limitation on Allocation of Franked Mail; H.R. 195, the ‘‘Election Assistance Commission Termination Act’’; and H.R. 412, to reduce Federal spending and the deficit by terminating taxpayer financing of presidential election campaigns, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1147, the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’; H.R. 1149, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1153, the ‘‘Asylum Reform and Border Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1148, the ‘‘Michael Davis, Jr. in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Rebuilding the Chemical Safety Board: Finding a Solution to the CSB’s Governance and Management Challenges’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 1119, the ‘‘Research and Devel-opment Efficiency Act’’; H.R. 1156, the ‘‘International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1162, the ‘‘Science Prize Competitions Act’’; H.R. 1158, the ‘‘Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 874, the ‘‘American Super Computing Leadership Act’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Building an Opportunity Economy: The State of 
Small Business and Entrepreneurship’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
the Economic Report of the President 2015, 2:30 p.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD216 March 3, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, March 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S.J. Res. 8, National Labor Relations Board, with a vote on passage of the resolution at approximately 11:30 a.m. 
Following disposition of S.J. Res. 8, Senate will vote 
on the motion to invoke cloture on the veto message to accompany S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, March 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 749— 
Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 (Sub-ject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E296 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E292 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E295 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E296 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E292 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E292 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E294, E296 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E291 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E296 Jolly, David W., Fla., E294 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E294 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E291 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E292, E293, E294, E294, 
E294, E295, E296, E296, E296, E297 
Miller, Candice S., Mich., E295 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E293 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E293 
Roe, David P., Tenn., E293 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E295 Shimkus, John, Ill., E291 Smith, Jason, Mo., E294 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E296 Young, David, Iowa, E294, E296 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Mar 04, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03MR5.REC D03MRPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST